- 8 Tips BEFORE STARTING GLP-1 Medications for Weight Loss // Dr. G Explains: Kind: captions Language: en hey you there you right there stop what you're doing do not even think of starting your glp1 medications like seatide or tritide without watching this first well maybe you can think about it but definitely take a look at this video and you can read the resources I've dropped in the description below and so you can get a deeper understanding of what's happening with these medications before you get started welcome once again my name is Dr G and I'm an internal medicine physician in Hollywood Florida I specialize in lifestyle modification coaching and patient education so if you've watched any of my videos any number of my videos so far you'll know a little bit about glp1 medications also known as glucagon like peptide 1 Agonist medications and these are some of the examples such as some magde which comes in two different flavors so zic and wovi lorag which comes in two different flavors as well Zenda and vosa and our one of the fan favorites is the tzioti which comes in Zep bound and monjaro there are others of course and you know there are increasingly becoming more and more recognized as potent tools for weight loss particularly for those who have struggled finding lasting success with diet and exercise alone originally developed for the management of type 2 diabetes as you know these medications have shown significant weight reduction benefits is revolutionizing the treatment landscape for obesity which is a much needed area area of medicine as patients consider starting glp1 Agonist it is essential to be informed and prepared for optimal results this guide that I've outlined especially For You outlines eight essential tips for patients before starting treatment and supported by scientific evidence so let's get right to it number one understanding the mechanism of glp1 agonists and how they work quick tip familiarize yourself with how these medications function in order to set realistic expectation the days of Simply ingesting medications without understanding how they work are long gone for your patients for all patients in in this day and age your doctor should be able to explain what I'm about to tell you or you're going to need to learn it on your own luckily for you this video counts as learning it on your own glp1 is an inrent hormone produced in the gut of the human being upon eating food and this plays multiple roles in regulating glucose metabolism and Sati which means being full feeling full by mimicking the action of gp1 The glp1 Agonist medications enhance insulin secretion they suppress glucagon release slow gastric emping and promote Sati this all helps patients to feel Fuller for a longer period period of time and in the end losing weight so the Dual effect on both glucose control and appetite suppression makes them ideal for managing weight loss especially especially in individuals with metabolic disorders so the clinical trials that they've gone through such as the step program which is seatide treatment effect in people with obesity this trial demonstrated that seatide resulted in an average weight loss get this of around 15 to 18 % over 68 weeks significantly greater than Lifestyle Changes alone the tpte trials also showed even more weight loss of about 20% in about the same time frame number two adopt a comprehensive approach some of my colleagues don't like it when I say this but I'm going to say it anyway in my mind the medication is just one tool in your weight loss journey and it's not necessarily needed for the rest of your life doesn't have to be chronic medication so the tip combine glp1 therapy with Lifestyle Changes like diet or I like to say nutrition and exercise for the best outcomes while glp1 agonists can reduce hunger and assist with your weight loss they are most effective when integrated into a broader lifestyle modification plan this includes a balanced nutrition regular physical activity and behavioral interventions to support long-term success medic medications alone can only go so far sustained weight loss requires changes in caloric intake and an increase in physical exertion a study by widen at all in 2019 in a journal called obesity reviews revealed that patients who combine glp1 therapy with a reduced calorie diet and increased physical activity achieved greater weight loss than those relying solely on medication additionally EST establishing healthy habits while on medication can Aid in maintaining weight loss after discontinuing the drug which is my plan from day one when I first sit down with my patients and formulate a plan for their lifestyle modifications and set realistic goals tip number three start low and go slow manage side effects effectively the tip begin with the lowest dose to reduce the risk of gastrointestinal side effects and all side effects from the glp1 agonists in general glp1 Agonist can cause nausea vomiting and diarrhea also can cause constipation but particularly at the start of treatment these gastrointestinal side effects are often the primary reasons patients discontinue therapy so to minimize these risks the dose is typically titrated gradually starting with a low dose and increasing over time in my office we continue to rarely need to stop glp1 Agonist due to unwanted side effects and the reason I feel this is happening here or not happening is because we go slowly with the medications and we check on our patients for progress on a weekly basis finally I do not believe every single patient needs to be on the highest dose currently of the 100 plus patients I've seen on these medications and treated and managed through them only two needed max dosing so what does the evidence say a metaanalysis published in diabetes obesity and Metabolism found that slow dose escalation significantly reduced the incidence of gastrointestinal side effects without compromising the medication's effectiveness means going low and slow is actually the way to go patients should work closely with their healthc care providers to adjust the dose based on their tolerance and therapeutic response meaning if we're getting to where we need to go with the lower doses we don't need to go higher all you're chasing at that point is unwanted side effects tip number four hydration and nutrient intake pay attention to fluid and electrolyte balance the tip stay well hydrated and monitor nutrient intake to avoid deficiencies glp1 Agonist by slowing gastric emptying and reducing the appetite can inadvertently lead to reduced food intake which may then cause nutrient deficiencies if not monitored closely additionally due to the common gastro intestinal side effects dehydration is a real risk especially in the first few weeks of the treatment therefore patients should focus on drinking plenty of fluids especially water and may benefit from electrolyte supplements if they experience prolonged vomiting or diarrhea they should also ensure they are consuming nutrient-dense foods rich in vitamins and minerals to support their overall health Consulting a dietitian can help in formulating a plan that maintains adequate nutrition while reducing caloric intake number five let's be real set realistic weight loss goals here's a tip aim for steady sustainable weight loss rather than quick results there is no doubt the science is clear glp1 agonists are highly effective but they are not a quick fix they are not a magic bullet weight loss with these medications typically occurs gradually over several months patients who set overly aggressive weight loss targets may become frustrated if they do not see immediate results a loss of about 5 to 10% of body weight is associated with significant improvements in metab metabolic Health including reductions in blood pressure cholesterol levels and insulin resistance what does that mean even though you may not feel like you look the way you want to look your labs and your longevity is already thanking you it's important for patients to set achievable goals and understand that the medication works best in the context of a longterm commitment to health not the medication to health clinician should emphasize doctors like me should definitely emphasize that slower more sustainable weight loss often leads to better long-term outcomes number six is often overlooked but not at my office monitor your mental health address psychological aspects of weight loss and weight gain the tip keep mental health in Focus especially as weight loss progresses the need for weight loss especially when it is sign ific can bring about psychological changes some patients may experience improved mood and self-esteem as they lose weight but Others May struggle with the emotional aspects of changing body image or face challenges related to weight stigma or past trauma related to eating which caused them to have a problem with their food relationship and therefore have them have issues with actually losing weight getting over those emotional problems moreover glp1 agonists have been reported to influence the reward Pathways in the brain which can potentially alter cravings and eating behaviors which is an added benefit of the GP wants for some patients this change May reduce emotional eating or cravings for highly palatable Foods While others may need additional support to navigate these psychological shifts in mindset patients should maintain open communication with their Healthcare team regarding their Mental Health your doctor should be considering referring you or whoever it is that's on a gp1 Agonist to counseling or support groups the support groups can be internal or they can be an external group or someone that you or group that you put together on your own this is particularly helpful for those with a history of Eating Disorders or body dysmorphia tip number seven may not be what you want but it may be what you need prepare for long-term use and maintenance the tip plan for ongoing therapy or consider maintenance strategies after continuation this is a common common discussion that I have with almost every patient that starts the medications in my office how we're going to land this plane and how we're going to maintain this plane at this weight glp1 agonists are typically most effective when used longterm we know this already evidence suggests that many patients who discontinue these medications May regain some of the weight they lost for example a followup to the step one trial found that patients who discontinu seatide regain 2third of their weight lost after one year wonder why that was I firmly believe these folks did not buy in fully into the lifestyle changes they could have bought into and could have formed while in the clinical trial think about it the motivation for people to join a trial may not necessarily be because they want to lose weight they may have joined the trial for other reasons and the medication being studied is just secondary to them right so your motivation needs to be your why you're trying to do this you need to find out what it is you need to get to the other side and keep that going so this highlights the importance of you gp1 Agonist not as a temporary solution but as part of a broader long-term weight management set strategy that at some point if discontinuation is necessary healthcare provider to implement other strategies to replace the medications such as continued dietary interventions increased physical activity and behavioral therapies to pre prevent weight gain so it's not just get on the medications and you're cured it is get on the medications help you we lose weight and replace your bad habits with new better habits tip number eight use safe and effective medications essential tip make sure if you are not getting branded medication from the original manufacturer that you are getting your medication from a trusted and a reliable source it is absolutely essential to make sure that the medication you are injecting is what you think it is whether that's tritide or stite or whatever other glp1 medication or any medication for that matter the only way to be sure is to use reputable compound phies if you're not getting it from the Branded manufacturer and how do you know if they're reputable look them up this is the best time to go ahead and Google ask your trusted doctor for recommendations as well stay away from deals that feel like they are way too good to be true because they probably are too good to be true I've done a video on compound pharmacies and how to verify them you can find the link to that video in the description below so if you gotten to the point that you want to start a glp1 agus medications first of all I want to congratulate you for taking that step into a better and healthier You by losing weight and changing your lifestyle it can be a highly effective strategy for weight loss but it's going to require careful preparation and a comprehensive approach by understanding the medications mechanism combining it with Lifestyle Changes managing your side effects staying hydrated setting realistic goals monitoring mental health planning for long-term use and getting your medications from reputable sources patients can maximize their chances of absolute success weight loss is a journey and glp1 Agonist can be a powerful Ally in that Journey when used correctly and with appropriate guidance I Know You Now understand to achieve and maintain any lifestyle modification goal you should highlight the need for a holistic approach to Weight Management that goes beyond pharmacotherapy gp1 agonists offer a promising path for patients struggling with obesity but as with any treatment success depends on consistent follow-through informed decisionmaking and collaboration between yourself and your healthcare provider so if you are starting or restarting or at the beginning of your weight loss journey and you need to calculate something as complicatedly simple as your total daily energy expenditure BMI and and all your Macros and get an idea of what your macronutrients should be I've designed a free calculator that you're free to use and and that makes that important task super simple check out the link in the description below to get started and once again thanks for watching and remember health is a journey not a destination take it one step at a time and stay in formed stay healthy and I'll see you soon

- Best foods to eat on GLP-1 Ozempic, Mounjaro, Zepbound, Wegovy Diet: Kind: captions Language: en When you're on GLP-1 medications like Ompic, WGOI, Zepbound, you need to start eating slightly differently to support your goals and your nutrition. And what you eat can make a huge difference in your results. So today, I'm going to share the best foods to eat on a GLP1 with a special focus on a few specific nutrients, and it might not be what you think. So, I'm Anna, registered dietician, GLP1 user, and my goal is to help you not only lose weight on GLP-1, but to help you get healthier and make your weight loss sustainable. So, why do food choices matter on GLP-1? So, GLP-1 slows digestion and makes you eat less. This means that you have a lot less room to meet all of your body's nutrition needs. you can't eat quite as much. So, you don't have as many opportunities to eat as many different foods, as much variety, and meet your nutrition needs. And this is where we start seeing some of the issues that people have on these medications. Constipation, fatigue, muscle loss, hair loss. These are actually not because of the medication the itself. These are all because you are not eating correctly and not fueling your body properly. Okay? Okay. So, it is not the medication that does any of those things. So, you want to start really focusing on the nutrient density of your diet and being aware of every bite you're having has quality nutrition. I started working as a dietitian in beriatrics, people who were who had gastric bypass surgery. And the diet is actually kind of the same on a GLP1. You have less the ability to eat less food. You can't eat quite as much. And so you need to make every bite count. It's not quite as drastic as the gastric bypass because you really like your stomach will explode, but it's still kind of the same mindset that you have to get into. So what do you think the most important nutrient is while you're on a GLP1? I bet you're going to say protein. And that is not what I am going to say. I am actually going to say fiber. You need fiber. We are so focused on protein. And that's not to say you don't need protein. We'll get to that next. But we are forgetting about the fiber. Fiber keeps you full longer, helps you feel more satisfied. But more importantly on this medication is it stops the constipation. People are getting very severely constipated on this medication because they are just so focused. Protein, protein, protein, protein, protein, protein, protein. Can't see anything else. Can't eat anything else. Just protein, protein. And that's setting them up for failure. So not only is the medication slowing down your digestion, you're not eating as many calories. is you're not eating as much volume of food because so the food isn't moving as much through your digestive system and you're ignoring the fiber. Like of course you're constipated. So you really want to try to eat high fiber food. And where is fiber found? Fruits, vegetables, legumes, whole grains. So vegetables, don't care which ones you eat. Try to eat as many colors as possible. If you don't like them that much, suck it up, buttercup. You got to eat them. Okay? Try to suck it down. Try to blend it into a smoothie. You can't taste spinach when you put it in a smoothie. You know, try to sneak it into soups, sauces, anything, okay? Or just find the ones you like and eat those. You want to eat fruit. Yes, fruit does not make you gain weight. You can eat fruit, especially fruits that have a skin. So, apples, pears, peaches, those types of things. Berries also very high in fiber. You want to eat beans. So, black beans, lentils, chickpeas, don't really care what they are. They are high in fiber and they also have protein. So, that's kind of a double whammy right there. And finally, whole grains. So, oatmeal, whole wheat bread, quinoa, any type of whole grain that you can add is going to give you fiber. You want to try to get at least 25 to 30 g of fiber a day. And this is actually harder than you think it might be. you might need to supplement in order to get that amount. And if you are not used to eating these types of foods or you are not used to a fiber supplement, it might take a little bit of an adjustment. So I recommend that you start slow and add high-fiber foods throughout the day so your body can get used to it. And then the other piece with the fiber is you have to drink water. Fiber needs water to be able to move through or else it will like become a fibrous mass in your digestive system will make the constipation worse. So most important nutrient fiber. Okay. Number two, protein. Protein. Protein. Very very important. I didn't want you to think that protein wasn't important because of course it is. But we seem so focused on that. When you are losing weight, your body is inevitably going to lose some muscle. This is why you want to lose weight slowly. And if you want to know exactly about how much weight you should be losing and everything about weight loss, you're going to want to check out this video. But protein helps you not lose as much muscle mass. Now, protein does need to be paired with strength training in order for that to happen, but getting enough protein can be sure you're not losing the muscle mass. It also helps you stay satisfied longer and, you know, supports a healthier metabolism. So, best sources of protein are going to be animal-based foods, chicken, turkey, eggs, fish, Greek yogurt, cottage cheese, dairy. You can get protein from plant-based sources. Personally, I would prefer to see you eating animal-based sources because that is the source of higher quality protein, but tofu, tempeh, lentils, edamame, beans, all of that has protein as well. You may also want to get a few pre-convenient options like pre uh bottled protein shakes, you know, tuna packets, things like that, things that you can just kind of like grab and go. You want to aim for at least 20 to 30 g per meal. It's about like the size of your palm. And that's going to be per meal. And then try to have, you know, some protein for a snack as well. I like edetamame or mozzarella cheese sticks. Those types of things are good things to have that can help you boost your protein intake. And then the next thing is going to be water. So GLP1 slows down digestion. Like we talked about, fiber slows down or helps things move through, but fiber cannot work without water. When you're not hungry, sometimes you also don't feel thirsty and so that can set you up for dehydration as well. You can drink herbal teas or flavored water if you want to infuse your water with like fruit or cucumbers or something like that if you just can't do it. That would be fine. Just stay away from like drinks that have calories in them because the point of this is you're not you're trying to lose weight. So having like drinks with calories is not really going to help you. If it's very very warm or you're really struggling with fatigue, you can add electrolytes to your water. I really like the element ones or the liquid IV. All of that can help as well, but you don't really need electrolytes. A lot of people seem think they need electrolytes, but you you really don't unless you are um really struggling with getting your water in. All right, so how do you build a meal with all of that? You want to start um by finding your protein source. So what is your protein? Chicken, fish, tuna, protein shake, something like that. and then adding in some type of fiber. So that's what I do when I build a meal. Start with my protein and then I pick some fruits, vegetables, whole grains to go along with that protein. So once I have those things covered, then I have room for things that I want to eat. Maybe I want some pasta, maybe I want some white rice, maybe I want, you know, a dessert, whatever it is. If you want help meal planning, I have this video all about how to plan healthy meals on a GLP1. But the basic thing is while there aren't any like foods you need to avoid, you really still need to focus on getting those nutrient-dense foods. And what are nutrient-dense foods? Protein, fruits, vegetables, whole grains. Even before GLP1, your diet should have been focused on those types of foods because those are the ones that are providing nutrition. If you're really struggling with being able to eat enough, you may want to consider a multivitamin just to make sure you're getting the nutrients you need. But a multivitamin does not provide any calories. So even if you just have to like sip on a protein shake during the day or, you know, figure out something that you can eat, you want to be sure you are eating food. Not eating is going to set you up for malnutrition. And malnutrition is very dangerous. actually arguably more dangerous than obesity. So, make sure your meals are balanced. Make sure you're getting your fiber and your protein and drinking your water. If you want examples of what to eat, you want to check out the GLP1Hub store where I have a get started guide called the Beyondtheshot Guide. In there you will find literally everything you need to know about nutrition on GLP1, including how to manage side effects, meal plans, recipe suggestions, literally everything that you need to know is in that guide. I also have a 30-day meal plan on the website and several recipe collections for high protein recipes. Breakfast, lunch, and dinner are all covered on there. And if you want more information about how to optimize your JLP1 journey, make sure that you like and subscribe this channel.

- 👉 My First 2 Weeks on ZepBound | GLP-1 Weight Loss Journey + Surprising Results: Kind: captions Language: en Hi, welcome to my GLP1 journey. I'm Rebecca and I'm on Zepbound and I have finished my first two weeks of Zepbound and I thought I'd just put them together because there wasn't much difference between week one and week two and I'm a little behind on updating all of these. So, I wanted to let you know that I started on June 24th. It was a Tuesday evening. I weighed 249 lbs that morning and I was excited and I was nervous and I was a little bit apprehensive about side effects that I might have that week. And so, and I don't like shots anymore than anybody else does. And so I got my shot out and I got my alcohol prep out, my al my alcohol wipe out and I took the shot and I didn't feel anything. Nothing. I felt nothing to the point where I thought, is it did it go in? Did I miss it? Did something wrong? And I waited because it says to wait 10 seconds. I think I waited 20 seconds before I finally looked at it. And it does say the instructions say if you see the plunger it's gone in. And I don't know if you can see that. Like I don't know see the plunger thing right here. That plunger you're supposed to be able to see that. If it if you see it means it went in. So I didn't feel anything. There was there wasn't even a mark on my belly and I just had to trust. And so I went to bed that night not feeling anything, not knowing if I had done it right. And I woke up the next morning and I had some very slight nausea. And when I say slight, I mean almost nothing to the point where I didn't know if I was imagining it. But I got up, I took my shot, took my shake. I drank my shake, my protein shake, being a good doobie, starting off on the right foot. And about halfway through the shake, it was gone. Whatever feeling that was, it was gone. I'm like, "Okay, I can do this." And went about my day and was very busy that day and made dinner. And as I was putting food on my plate, I realized I hadn't eaten anything that day. And that was amazing that I had not thought about food all day. I was busy, but even when I'm busy before, I would still think, "Oh, I should eat something." And so I took a little bit on my plate, a smaller than like normal normal for me portion of dinner and I thought if I want more, I'll just come back and get more, but let's see how this goes. And I ate that and I was good. I didn't need to add more food to my plate. And that's weird, but that's good. And I thought, wow. And My food noise is worse in the evenings. I have it all day. It's an all day thing. It's It's a companion. And about 2 hours after dinner, 3 hours after dinner, I realized I wasn't going to the pantry to find something to eat or going into the refrigerator to heat up leftovers to have like almost another meal. And there are nights where if I don't have anything quick enough, I'll make a peanut butter sandwich or I'll make a bowl of popcorn. And that 24 hours after that shot, after that first dinner, I realized I didn't have that need. That need was gone. And that's when it hit me. That was the huge light bulb moment for me that this might actually work for me. And it was a life-changing moment. I thought this means I can probably take this weight off. And it was it was a little bit I don't know. It was it was it was shaky. Um you know, it kind of shook me that this was so radically different. And I've got to say, I have taken other weight loss pills before. I have taken other things that are supposed to reduce your um appetite and curb your hunger and whatever. And nothing nothing is like this. So, the only other thing that I felt that evening was some body aches. And I I haven't seen it in any of the official literature, but I have seen a couple people mention it. So, I think it's very few of us that have this. Had some body aches that started in on my back, like in between my shoulder blades, and then it kind of slowly radiated out and then down my back. And I remember at one point I put my hand on my hip, like my fist on my hip, and that that was sensitive. And I I kind of feel like it was an immune response. Like you know how when you get a flu shot or a COVID shot or something and you kind of feel bodyaches and that's kind of what it was. So went to bed that night without raiding the refrigerator or the pantry. Got up the next morning again, super mild nausea. Uh was gone halfway through my shake. I did make sure I ate lunch that day and had a decent dinner and I was good the next night again. No rating of the pantry, no I need a cookie, no, oh, I'll go make a ham sandwich. Nothing. It was just none of that. And by the third day, my body aches were pretty much gone. And the rest of the week kind of went that way. I will say towards the end of the week by, you know, day six, day seven, I think I was feeling if I had waited too long to eat something midday, my body would say, um, you know, I think I need some fuel. And it wasn't the screaming hunger that I would have had just two weeks before. It was just kind of like this idea that, oh, I should eat something now. And it was like a suggestion of the hunger that I used to have. And so I would eat and it was fine and I didn't need to eat more and I could put less on my plate and I was fine. So the first week went really well. My calorie count for my deficit should be around 1300 calories, maybe 1350 calories somewhere in there for me to eat at a 500 calorie um deficit per day. And most days I got around 12. Um, Saturday was was the one day that was 13. And by um by the end of that week, I weighed myself Tuesday morning because I was going to have my next shot Tuesday night. And I had lost that week 2.5 pounds. I was ecstatic. I was just thrilled. So, 2.5 lbs down and it was the easiest 2 and a half pounds I have ever lost in my life without without being sick. And I say easy, but I will say that I was very thoughtful about what I was putting into my mouth. So, it's not that it was not thinking about anything. I was trying to eat high protein, protein first, trying to eat clean, trying not to eat processed food. And the thing about that week that I realized is that it was possible without the raging hunger. Even if I was kind of hungry, without the raging hunger, I was able to make a good food choice. I didn't have to grab the first thing that I saw that was available to eat, which was probably processed or a lot of fat or a lot of carbs or or sugar carbs. And I was able to say, "No, I can take a few minutes and make something more healthy." And so I I put some work into it. And I have to say though, I had like almost no symptoms, nothing. No constipation, no nothing. I mean, it was just it really was easy. And so I took my second shot on Tuesday, um, July 1st. It was also 2.5 obviously. And I was really good that week, but the 4th of July was next. And we did have people over and we did make hamburgers and I did have potato salad and I but I was still able not to overeat and and it's okay that I had a hamburger and it's okay that I had potato salad and it's okay that I had also corn on the cobs and that's a lot of starchy stuff, right? And and carbs, but it's okay. And then uh the rest of the week um was again pretty easy and the same thing as the week before the by the end of the week if I went four hours my body would suggest that I eat something but it wasn't a raging hunger and the second week even after having a hamburger and and whatever and second week I weighed in on Tuesday the 8th July 8th and I was down another 3.2 lb. So, in that first week, first two weeks, I lost 5 7 lbs. And I'm thrilled. I really am thrilled. I really believe I can do this. And I also know, realistic, I know that the first several weeks you're going to lose a little bit more. Some of it is water, some of it's from inflammation, whatever. So, um, I I know it's a little bit easier right now, and I I'm good with that. I'm good with that. If within the next couple of weeks I drop down to one pound a week, I'm good with that. I I know this is long term. I know for me, this is a 2year I have a two-year health goal. I'm I'm giving myself two years to hit a certain health goal, and I think I can do it. I really do. So, those are my first two weeks almost symptom free and I lost just over five pounds and I am thrilled. And so, I will check in with you next week. Let's see how this goes. Bye.

- GLP-1 Weight Loss Journey | Full Month by Month Breakdown: Kind: captions Language: en We are going to go back month by month and talk about exactly how much weight I lost every single month during my GOP1 journey. This is a video that you guys voted on. I put up a poll that had four different video ideas and this one won by a landslide. So, here it is for you. a monthby-month breakdown of exactly how much weight I have lost on this journey over the last 25 months. So, yes, this is going to be a little bit of a long one, but it's what you asked for and I am here to deliver. If you don't know who I am, my name is Nick and I have been on GOP medications for over 2 years, losing 75ish pounds on GOP medications. But I've actually lost over 90 lbs since my highest weight. My highest weight was 277 lbs. And today I am currently 181 lb. So I am getting very very close to losing an entire 100 lb from my highest weight, which is absolutely insane to say. But during this journey, there have been months that had big losses and months that had tiny losses and even months that had gains. And usually there's a reason for the gains and a reason for the big losses. And that's what we're going to talk about today. We're going to go month by month and talk about the things that were happening during that month, my mindset, the things that I was doing, what worked, maybe what didn't work, why I was stalled. We're going to talk about all of the things. We'll talk about my journey with some of Glutide and why I transitioned to Turszepatide and when I transitioned to Tzepide and if that made a difference and how that made a difference. Did it push things faster? We'll talk about where I'm at today and what the plans are for the future. We will get into all of this today in this video. So, if you are here and this is content that you like, if you are on a weight loss journey, if you like watching weight loss content, definitely subscribe to this channel. I would love to have you a part of this community where we are just supporting each other. I am an open book. I'm happy to answer anything and everything that you want to know. I am here for you to help you on your weight loss journey because I know that this is possible. And even if it's going to take over 2 years, it is still possible. But what you're going to notice throughout this video is that even though it has taken over 2 years, a bulk of my weight loss happened the first year of my journey and these this last year has been just a whole bunch of other things that are going on. And we'll talk about all of that. and I am extremely excited about this video. So, let's get into it. We're going to have a running total right here of the exact amount of weight that I've lost at any given point during this journey. Let's go ahead and put a big fat zero right here because I have not lost any weight. It is the first month back in March of 2023. I'm not going to get into exactly why I started this journey and all of the factors behind that. I actually have a video on that. I have my 75 lb weight loss story where I talk about the wise and the reasons and how and all of those things. So, that video I will actually link at the end of this video if you want to watch that. But, I'm going to just kind of stick to mostly facts in this video and what happened exactly during that month. So March 2023, I started semoglutide sublinguals. Semaglutide sublinguals are these little pills that you put underneath your tongue and they dissolve and you have to take them every single day. I had no idea what the hell I was doing. I didn't know what GLP1 medications were. I didn't know what some of was. I didn't know what transepide was. I had no idea what I was doing. But I was introduced to this medication at a med spa that I went to. The second I left that med spa, I jumped onto social media. I did research and I found the Tik Tok GOP1 community. And back then, in March of 2023, it was teeny tiny. Now you get on there, there's women, men all over the place talking about GOP medications. But in March of 2023, it was very tiny. The GOP community was teeny tiny. But I found some really amazing women who were on this journey and I started binging their content and I started learning from them. And I also of course went to our best friend Google, did a whole bunch of Google research because I wanted to learn everything about these medications. And I went into my first month with high expectations because I had seen all of these stories, all of these success stories. Everyone that I was watching was doing amazing. Even though it wasn't a lot of people, but they were sharing these amazing stories, and I just I wanted to be one of those. So, I noticed pretty quickly that the food noise started disappearing. Even with the sublingual, the sublingual were working. They were doing the job. my food noise started going away. I wasn't like tracking a ton of food or I wasn't really making a lot of changes, but just naturally because of the medication and the food noise diminishing, it started to happen and I ended up having a really great first month. So, my starting weight was 258.6 lb. By the end of this month, I was 249.8 lb, which gives me a monthly loss of 8.8. 8 lb. So, month one, 8.8 lb. This was amazing. Like, I hadn't lost this much weight in one month. I don't think ever. So, I am up on a high horse. I am celebrating. I am so freaking excited. I was also doing research to start an injectable form because the sublingual form that I was on was like almost $600 per month. It was so expensive and I was seeing everyone else taking an injectable GLP1 and I didn't know what the hell that was, but I wanted whatever everyone else had. So, I started doing my research. I looked up all of these tellahalth companies. I looked literally everywhere and I landed on Minute MD because they were the most affordable geop medication that I could find at the time. So, I signed up with them and I got my GOP medication sometime within like that first month. I think I had it like two weeks before I was going to finish my one month supply of the sublinguals. So, literally second month, month two, I started compounded some of glutide and injectable form versus the sublingual. In month two, I started really thinking like this is going to work. Things are looking good. My food noises is gone. I was feeling amazing. So, I actually started making a little bit more of an effort. Started tracking more of my food. I started doing what I eat in a days on Tik Tok. I started building my Tik Tok community and within that other people were watching my story and commenting on it and kind of lit this fire underneath me to really do something else besides nothing. And I started just eating a little bit better and tracking my protein. And I remember I I tried like protein shakes and protein bars and I tried all of the things. In in month two, I also started taking an MICB B12 shot because I started noticing that like my energy was crashing a little bit on the semaglutide and people were saying that MICB12 would help. So, I ordered a 3 month supply of this and got it in the mail, started using it. I don't know if I noticed a difference. I remember talking about like not really noticing a difference whatsoever. I actually only used that 3 month supply and never reordered because it really didn't make a difference whatsoever. So, that's just something that I don't recommend to people because it just didn't do anything for me. I take a B12 supplement now that does more for me and it's a sublingual liquid dropper that does way more for me than that shot ever did. So, I wanted to mention it, but I don't think it made a difference. I started month two at 249.8 lb. By the end of month two, I was 239 lbs. That is a monthly loss of 10.8 lb. A total loss of 19.8. So within my first 2 months, I lost 20 lb. Now, you can probably assume that I was on the highest high ever. Things were working. Things were looking up. I started the injectable sum of glutide. I was using the mic B12. I was eating more protein and tracking my food and everything was on the up and up and I was so freaking excited. I remember taking my first like before pictures. This before picture that I use all the time that you see all over the place. I took it in month two because I was starting to really feel like this was the real deal. I'm going to get to my goal weight. And it was the coolest feeling ever. And I was just I was all in. I was all in taking the pictures, making the videos. Tik Tok was like rising. I actually during this month reached out to Minute MD because people in my community on Tik Tok were messaging me asking me where did I get my medications. I'm pretty sure I started my Facebook group at this point and people were coming to me for for recommendations and for ideas and it was really really cool. So, I actually reached out to Minute MD, who I was already getting my medication from, and I just asked for an affiliate code, and they reached back out to me and actually signed me as one of their very first influencers, which was really cool. I think there was only three of us at the time that was representing Minute MD at that time. And they really believed in me, even though I wasn't even at a thousand followers on TikTok yet, they fully believed that I was going to get there. I also started doing a whole bunch of research with like the milligrams versus units debacle because people really have a hard time understanding the difference between milligrams and units and milliliters and all of the things. And I was a math teacher. I've been a math teacher. I still am a teacher, right? I was able to really understand and grasp those ideas. So I started really deep diving into understanding GOP medications and doing a bunch of research and and it was just exciting and fulfilling for me. My mind is very ADHD. My mind is very entrepreneurial entrepreneurial. I can't say that word but like I always have to be doing something. My hands have to be in something. I have to be a part of something. And this really just gave me that fire that I needed. and helped me get out of a deep deep depression that I was in before I started these medications. Like in month two, we also went on a trip to Vegas and it was the first time that I actually enjoyed myself. Like I could walk better and I guys, I was only down 20 lbs, but I could walk better. I felt better in my body. I was just, like I said, it was just a really great time where I was just out of this depression that I had lived in for so long. All right, so going into month three, I'm already down 20 lbs. Everything's going really well. This is the month where I started noticing a difference in the way that my face looked and the way I was looking on camera. And people started noticing as well and giving me compliments all the time. Month three, I started off at 239 lb. And by the end of the month, I was 234.8 lb. I lost 4.2 lb in my third month on these medications for a total loss of 24 lb. And keep in mind that I am still on semlutide. I by month three I was moving up to 75 mg. Although I was having some pretty significant side effects at this time. The diarrhea started the sulfur burps were happening. I was not feeling my best. So at the same time as I was moving up to 75, I was also considering and highly considering moving back down to 0.5. I hadn't yet. I was dosing up according to the schedule because back then in 2023, nobody was talking about how you should stay on the lowest dose as long as possible. Like that wasn't a thing. You were following exactly what the doctor was telling you and what the prescription said. And the prescription said you're going to dose up every single four weeks. And that's what we were doing. in 2023. And then at some point we started to realize that wait a minute, we don't have to dose up this quickly. We can actually dose up slower. But once we started realizing it, then we all started talking about it. And a lot of the information and a lot of the this that's coming now is from all of this testing that we did back in 2022 and 2023. And it's kind of cool to see how far the community has come since then. All right, so going into month four, we are 24 pounds down. So month four, I'm going back to work. Summer break is ending. And as I'm going back to work, my co-workers are starting to notice that I'm looking different. They are complimenting me. They are asking me what I'm doing. It's becoming a much bigger part of my life at this point, which I didn't hate. I'm also in month four starting to post more OOTDs. I'm starting to finally get comfortable putting my body on social media. These non-scale victories are a huge driving force to continue on this journey. So even when the losses started slowing down, which you will see they start doing here soon, these non-scale victories mattered so much more than the scale that regardless of that number, I was still going to be pushing forward. I was happy with what I was seeing in the mirror. I was able to post fullbody pictures and videos and I was enjoying the whole social media aspect of things and sharing my story and sharing my journey and it really just became a huge part of my life overall beyond the scale. So, we went into month four at 234.8 lb and by the end of this month I 232.4. So, this was a much slower month with only a 2.4 4 lb loss. But we also have to remember that I was going back to school. The stress factor, I'm sure my cortisol levels were heightened, and I'm sure my body was hanging on to everything as hard as it possibly could, which was probably working against me, but a 2 lb loss was still a win in my book. So, now we're at a total loss of 26.2 lb going into month five. Month five was a huge month for me because I started to realize that I could teach without thinking about food. I was going to work not starving all day long. I would eat my normal lunch and then I would get through the rest of the day and I wouldn't snack. I was noticing that my mind was just more clear. I was able to get more done. I was able to do more things because the food was not my primary focus. And I really started noticing this because of the back to school season and every time I've ever taught in the past, I would be snacking all day long. Or if a snack was offered to me, I would take it without question. And I was starting to notice that I could say no to certain snacks. I didn't have to eat all of the things or I wouldn't have to eat as much. So, I was really starting to notice the changes that were happening within my body and within my mind. I started to film a little bit more what I eat in a days. I wasn't really tracking my food and I wasn't really trying to eat better, but I was trying to incorporate some more healthy ingredients and filming more of those what I eat in a days always made it to where I was more aware of what I was eating, but I wasn't really doing much to like try to make the weight loss happen faster. I was very much relying on the medication to do most of the work. So, we went into month five at 232.4 lb and by the end of the month, we were at 224.9 lb. That's a loss of 7 and 12 lb. So, after a month where I only lost about 2 lb, the next month I lost 7 and 12 lb was extremely exciting. And I definitely think that a lot of that had to do with back to school season. August is the busiest month of the school year. I was working. I was on my feet. I was I went from like being pretty seditary on summer break to walking all day long and teaching all day long in August. And that definitely was going to play a huge role in the amount of calories I was burning and definitely a huge role in the amount of weight that I lost. So now we're down 33.7 lb. So going into my sixth month, I was 224.9 lb and this month I only lost.1 lb. So I had this huge loss and I was on a high and then the very next month pretty much nothing. But this was also the first time that I took a significant pause from the medication. At the end of September during my fall break, we ended up going on a family trip to Hawaii and I took off three weeks from the medication. So the last two weeks of September, I was not on some glutate at all. And then the first month of October, I was not on some glutate at all. So I went from a 75 milligram dose to not taking an injection for three entire weeks. I went to Hawaii. I went on a trip. I ate all of the food. I had the best time ever. And when I got back, I didn't lose any weight. And that's okay. That is life. That is expected. Especially when you go on vacation and you are not even trying. You're not focused on the weight loss. You're focused on living life and enjoying your life. And that's what I did in September. I was still like loving life. I was taking pictures with my kids, full body pictures. I was in a bathing suit in Hawaii and I didn't feel upset. I was not terrified to go out of the room. I went, I showed up and I wasn't stressed out about the way my body looked that entire vacation. I kept up with everyone. I was able to do all of the things. This was the first family vacation where my size did not play a factor in anything that we did. So, who the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] cares if I lost any weight or not, right? All right. So, let's go to month seven, where I'm about the same weight, 224.8 lb, starting October, and by the end of that month, I was 221.9 lb. So, this was a monthly loss of 2.9 lb. So, almost 3 lb. Getting back on the medication, when I did go back on the medication, I went back down to.5 millig. I did not start back up at 0.75. So some of glutide.5 milligrams and one week off and then I still lost 2.9 lb in this month for a total loss of 36.7 lb. October was a much quieter month. Not much going on at all. Nothing new. Just kind of working and getting through life. But I was also still having those pretty significant side effects. Also, this is the month that I was introduced to split dosing. And I actually started trying to split dose to where I would do 0.25 twice per week to get up to that.5 milligram dose. And that was helping me a little bit with the side effects, but not as much as I would have liked. And I was also starting to like hear about Zepbound and hear about Tzepide and hear about like all of these like little whispers in my ear of it's so much better. It has a GOP1 and a GIP and it's going to help with your side effects and it's going to make you lose weight so much faster and it was like this huge like what if right like this like fairy dust magicness that some glutide apparently wasn't and I needed it I wanted it just like the injectable versus the sublingual right I am very much easily influenced into wanting what everyone else has. Like I don't know who's not, right? But I am very impulsive. I am probably one of the most impulsive people you will ever meet in your entire life. If I want something, I want it then and there. If I want a haircut and I can't go get a haircut, I cut my own hair. Like I am so impulsive. I cannot wait for anything. So when I made that decision that I wanted to get on turepotide because I was hoping that the side effects would be less and I was hoping that the weight loss would kick back in a little bit faster. That decision was done and nobody was going to change my mind. So going into month eight, I was weighing in at 221.9 lbs. And I reached out to Minute MD, who I was still getting my medications from, and talked to them about switching over to Tzepide. And they were completely on board. And I started Tzepide somewhere around November 16th of 2023 at a 2.5 milligram dose, which is the lowest dose of Tzepide. So month eight, I was on some glutide for half the month and trizepide for the other half of the month and I ended up losing 3.1 lbs, bringing my weight down to 218.8 lb. So a total loss of 39.8 lb. I'm getting very close to that 40 lb mark. It was a little bit of a bigger month. So, I'm like starting to think that Tru's Appetite is the real deal and that it's going to help me make this weight loss so much faster. Although, now that I'm breaking down these numbers, my weight loss actually did not slow down with some glutide. The only reason it slowed down was because of my vacation. And then after the vacation, my side effects kicked up a notch for some reason. And I was just kind of over it. And then Zeppbound became a huge deal and tepatide became a big deal. and I needed it and I wanted it and I made the switch. But ultimately, like if I could go back, I don't know if I would have done it. I'm not mad that I did it. It's okay. Everything's working out. But I don't think that it was like this necessary jump that I needed to make. Even though when I was in it, I thought I did. If that makes sense. Thanksgiving came and went this month. I ate a normal amount of food. I didn't overeat. I didn't overindulge. Still lost 3.1 lbs. the month of Thanksgiving. So, it was everything was working out. Everything was good. Everything was golden. I wasn't tracking. I wasn't working out. I wasn't doing anything extra. The weight was just coming off. So, let's get into month nine. Month nine, I started off at 218.8 lb and ended at 217.7 lb with a total loss of 1.1 lb, making my running total 40.9. December was just a slower month. There was a lot going on with Christmas and shopping and extra treats and extra food. And I definitely didn't super overindulge, but I overindulged enough to where my weight loss definitely slowed down. In December, I was also on the 2.5 milligram dose of Tzepetide for like 6 weeks. So, moving all the way through to January is probably when I moved up to the 5 milligram dose. I do remember Christmas this year being really cool, though. It was the first year that we got family pajamas and I was able to buy an extra large instead of a 2XL or even a 3XL before. I wouldn't have even tried because I didn't want to have to buy pajamas in such a large size and then my husband would just get an extra large and it would make me feel really extra extra big. So, being able to buy like the size smaller than my husband was a huge deal. and just being able to match my family and feel good and take family pictures and all of the things. December was a very great month when it came to non-scale victories. So, going into 2024, I was on a high. I was very excited. I was pushing forward. I was ready for a new year, you know, new year, new me, all of the things. I was I was in it all. I was ready to hit wonderland. Heading into month 10, I was 217.7 pounds and I ended this month at 209.8. So in January, I lost a total of 7.9 lb. This was like the beginning of my journey all over again, right? And I had just started Tzepide and I was so excited and I was like, "Holy crap, Tzepide is a beast. Tepide is so much better than some glutide." And I was completely convinced that this whole new era was starting and I was going to get to my goal weight so quickly. That's not what happened. It was just a January thing. New year, new me mindset. But I'm down a total of 48.8 lb. So in month 11, I went into it at 209.8 lb. And at the end of this month, I was 206.8 lb with a total loss of exactly 3 lb. Another really solid month, but not like something so extraordinary like I thought it was going to be. But I'm down 51.8 lb. So, I crossed that 50 lb threshold, which was really awesome. I also noticed that in February the OOT started kicking up. I started really posting on Tik Tok shop. I started getting brands reaching out to me, sending me clothes, sending me all of the things, makeup. I was getting so many free samples in February and posting so many videos. The Tik Tok shop era definitely started in February of 2024 and that was really cool. I also started a YouTube channel in February of 2024, not this channel. I started another channel. I went all in over there on that channel. I was posting shorts and long form content and my channel was growing surprisingly fast, but I didn't know what the hell I was doing because posting shorts as a new YouTuber is highly detrimental. My subscribers were growing so fast and I was getting super excited about the whole idea of getting monetized and the idea of being on YouTube full-time and being able to do all of these things on YouTube. And while my subscribers count was getting high, my long form content was getting no views, my watchtime hours were growing so slowly because all of my subscribers were subscribing from my shorts because I was posting these amazing before and after shorts and all of these people were liking them and subscribing to my channel, but they only watch shorts. So, they were not clicking on my long form videos. So, my click-through rate dropped drastically. And this stuff can mess with your mind, right? Like even like I know this has nothing to do with weight loss, but when you are going all in and you're highly excited about something and you're like up here and then all of a sudden it just starts crashing down right in front of your eyes, like that's going to affect your weight loss. That's going to affect your stress levels. It's going to affect everything. And it definitely did. So, I remember thinking that like everything was crumbling at this time, but in reality, I was still losing weight. I went into my 12th month, my one year, at 26.8 lb, and I ended that month at 23.2 lb. So, I ended up losing 3.6 lb that month, which is a really great month, but I also like was not at that 200 lb mark, which was really upsetting to me, but I pushed forward. Total loss of 55.4 4 lb at my oneyear anniversary of GOP medications. Month 13, a lot of cool things were happening. I had decided I was going to leave my current teaching job and get a brand new job. So, I went and interviewed, got hired right away. It was really exciting. So, now I'm in this like super exciting moment of I'm going to be starting a new school somewhere where I really wanted to work. Things were looking up. My YouTube channel was still doing pretty good. I was very excited about all of the prospects of the upcoming year. I started month 13 at 203.2 lbs and by the end of this month I was 198.4. So it was during month 13 that I actually crossed into wonderland. And that was so awesome. And it and it is and and I don't want to take away from this because I mean it's just a number and once you hit it like nothing really happens like nothing really changes. you just keep going with your journey and it's a celebration and I talked about it on social media and I was excited and all of my community was excited and everyone is excited for me and it was really cool but ultimately like it wasn't the finish line so we really just kept moving forward but now I'm at a total loss of 60.2 2 lb. But I also need to note that I got all the way to Wonderland without tracking my food, without exercising, without changing any habits whatsoever. And the medication really did do all of the work by eliminating my food noise and just helping me eat less food. So going into month 14, I was 198.4 lb. And month 14 is the first month that I actually gained weight.3 lb. So I pretty much maintained. I ended this month at 198.7 pounds for a new total loss of 59.9. This month, I also switched over to working with a new company. I switched over to Orderly Meds, which is where I was getting my medication from just because they were more affordable. And I've always been a proponent of finding the most affordable medications for my community. And Orderly Meds was offering prices that were much lower than Minute MD at the time. So, I made the switch over to Orderly Meds to get my medications and to partner with. So, I was going into summer with a lot of stuff on my mind. Um, switching companies, YouTube channel that was doing pretty well. I was on Tik Tok shop. I was making a decent amount of money on Tik Tok shop. Brands were reaching out to me. I was getting sponsorships. There was just so much going on outside of the weight loss that weight loss really just fell to the back burner once I got into Wonderland. and it slowed down drastically. Okay, every time I say that, I go to my next month and it wasn't a slow month at all. I really think that living it, you feel like it's a slow progress, but now looking back at some of these months, they were actually really good months. And I didn't think they were. So, when I look at month 15, I started that month at 198.7 lb and I ended at 193.6 with a loss of 5.1 lb. So, that's not a slow month. That is a great month. Now, I've lost a total of 65 lb. So, I feel like I was thinking that I was slow at the time, but maybe it's just because I'm thinking about like the last 6 months that have been really slow, cuz the last 6 months have been real slow, and we'll get into that. June was a good month. So this is summer, right? Summer I'm at home pretty seditary but also like doing a lot of videos like social media was like launching, right? I was on TikTok, I was on Instagram, I was on YouTube, I was posting videos left and right. I was building communities. I was enjoying everything about my weight loss journey. And I think because of that, I wasn't focused on the food and I was just eating normally when I was hungry and I was so busy that I couldn't overeat and I lost weight. I also moved up to 10 millig during this time but quickly realized it was way too strong and ended up moving back down to 7.5 for a little while but there I even realized it was a little bit too strong. I also took a break from the medication in June. So I was on a 7.5 milligram dose and I took a break because I went home to El Paso during this time and didn't want to be on the medications. I took maybe a two week break and when I came back I went all the way back down to 5 milligram dose and I've never really gotten above that since then. All right, so month 16 we started off at 193.6 lb and ended at 195.7. So that was a 2.1 gain. very new 62.9. This was a month that I was on a three-w weekek break from medication because we went to Vegas to celebrate my sister-in-law's 40th birthday. So, this was another moment of just living life and I drank alcohol. I ate all of the food. We had the time of our lives. It was such a fun vacation for me, for my kids, for my husband, for my sister-in-law. It was just it was an amazing time in my life that I will never take back. I will remember that trip for a very long time. It was so cool. Like my sister-in-law took us to a show. We had like amazing dinners. We rented an entire like area with like a cabana and a like it was like you could go inside and there was like a hot tub like a whole thing. We stayed at the Venetian. It was it was an amazing trip. Like the coolest trip I have ever been in Vegas ever was that trip in July. And yes, I gained weight this month. Just like in September, the year before when we went to Hawaii. On weeks like this, when we go on trips and when we're living life, when if I gain 5 lbs, I gain 5 lbs. I will lose that 5 lbs again. And I'm never going to beat myself up about it because that is life. And I'm not going to just live in this like constant state of like having to be in a weight loss and having to focus on my weight only. Like that's not going to be my life. It never will be. And the cool thing about these medications is they are going to be there for me when I'm ready to go back on them when I do take these breaks. And guys, that trip to Vegas was so much fun. So month 17 I started at 195.7 lbs and I ended the month at 189 lb. So I had a big loss after that gain. A loss of 6.7 lb. Now down for a total of 69.6. So, even after having these months of fun living life and gaining weight, the months after I'm losing it right away, and I don't think I realized this then to tell you the truth, like this is actually like this blast from the past is good for me. Like, I absolutely am loving this because I didn't realize these things either until having to go back in and deep dive. I have my notes there. That's why I keep looking over there. But, it's really cool to see. So, month 17, back to school time. Super exhausted, on my feet. Brand new school, brand new everything, brand new team, brand new. It was exhausting. Back to school this last year was exhausting. I had no idea what I was doing. I was learning everything fresh and it was a lot. And because of that, I actually stopped posting on that YouTube channel because I just didn't have the time. And I was noticing that my views were going down anyways. It was just it didn't seem worth it to me at the time because nobody was watching my videos. Nobody was commenting on them and I just did not feel the desire. Like that channel was not pulling me to it like this channel is. And I just I just stopped. I just gave up on that YouTube channel and I let it die. I was still posting on Tik Tok. I was still posting on Instagram. things definitely slowed down because school took a priority because I was so busy figuring everything out. So going into month 18, I was 189 lb and I ended this month at 191.7. So this was another gain of 2.7 lb. I definitely think that stress was probably playing a huge role at this time. While I loved my new job, I loved my new school, it was definitely a huge change from my previous school. just a lot more expectations, a lot more things that I had to juggle and figure out and I did and it's worked out for the best. I absolutely love where I'm at, but it was definitely more stressful and I'm pretty sure that played a role in my weight loss. So, during this time was when I made the switch to Amble, which is who I currently partner with for GOP medications. again, they were offering lower prices and I reached out to them because I really wanted to work with them because I want to always bring the most affordable options to my community when it comes to getting compounded medications because I'm a broke teacher and I can't afford it. And if I can't afford it, I don't think that you can afford it and we need to get the most affordable options out there. So, I started partnering with Amble this month. And I started working with Triquetra supplements, which is a supplement brand that I use to complement my GLP-1 journey. It's my B12. It's my Elmethyl Folate. It's my GOP pre, which is fiber. It's my biotin, which is hair, skin, and nails. It's all of my supplements that I need to keep my body doing the things I need it to do because I was noticing that energy loss. I was noticing just not feeling myself, snapping a lot easier, being super stressed out. And once I started these supplements, like everything changed. And I am obsessed with Triculture supplements, but this happened during this month. So did partnering with Amble. A lot of like a lot of life things happened in 2024 that really had little to do with weight loss, but a lot to do with my weight loss journey. None of these things would have happened if I was not on GOP medications. During this month, we also made a huge decision and my husband decided to quit his job and we decided to sell our house. So, again, a super stressful month. We were packing up our entire house. We were moving in with my sister-in-law by October 31st and it was just a lot going on. My weight loss really took a backseat during this month. Anyways, so month 19, I went into it 191.7 lb and it ended at 191.8 lb. So it's a gain of 0.1. Again, I pretty much maintained this month. It was packing, moving, stress galore, all of the things. But at the same time, Tik Tok shop was something that I was like very highly focused on. So I was making videos like crazy because of Black Friday shopping. And I just I had a lot of things on my mind again to where the actual weight loss part of my journey was just in the back seat. All right, month 20. I started at 191.8 lb and I ended at 190.7 lb. So, we lost 1.1 lb for a total loss of 67.9 lb. This is the month where we're starting to get settled into my sister-in-law's house. We are celebrating Thanksgiving and we are just kind of going day by day. Not a lot was happening in November. It was just kind of a nothing month. Just really just settling in, figuring things out, starting to realize that maybe it wasn't going to be the best place for us. I was feeling a little bit boxed in. I definitely am someone who needs my own space and it was kind of stressing me out a little bit. Black Friday on Tik Tok shop was a huge letdown and so I'm stressed out about money at this point. Things are just not looking very great. And then month 21 hit. I started off at 190.7 lb and ended the month at 189.8. So another very small loss, but a loss is a loss. almost one pound for a total of 68.8 pounds. Christmas was this month. Again, we bought family pajamas. I was so excited about it. Taking pictures with the family. Everything was just really good. Christmas again was a really great time. We were at my sister-in-law's house. Spending the Christmas with her was amazing. It was just a really, really good month overall, even though I only lost a pound. Month 22, I started at 189.8 lbs and I ended at that same 189.8 8 lb. There was no loss. There was no gain, which is kind of crazy because it was January again and usually in January like things fire up. But I will tell you that I did start working out. So I decided that 2025 was going to be my year of exercise. So in January, I did show up and I actually worked out. And I honestly believe that played a huge role in not losing any weight because when you first start an exercise routine, it's very likely that your body is going to hold on to that water weight and it's not going to release it. And I think that's what happened in January. My husband started taking Tratide right alongside with me. I also went up on a sky course this month for like the first time in my entire life. I would have never done it at my previous weight. So I went up all of the levels. I ziplined. I even walked off the top edge. like I did all of the things. I never would have done that if I was not the weight that I was when I was 277 pounds. You would not have seen me up on that thing. So, was a great month overall, even though I didn't lose any weight. I also made over $8,000 in Tik Tok shop commission in January. And I tried to revive my old YouTube channel in January, too, because like things were just looking up and everything was getting exciting. And so I tried to revive that YouTube channel and it completely failed. I was not able to revive it at all. And we started to think about moving out and into our own place. It was way earlier than we expected. We actually had every intention of living with my sister-in-law for like 5 years and save up a whole bunch of money. And it just I couldn't do it. I It wasn't anything to do with her. She was amazing. She was sweet. She never made me feel bad about anything. I just fell boxed in. And I am someone who can't feel boxed in. Like I moved out as soon as I was 18 years old. I I can't I don't I can't do boxed in. And I felt boxed in. I felt limited. I didn't have any space. I I just couldn't do it. I couldn't do it. And so we had said, "Let's go look at some places and we will move out by the end of the year." We ended up finding a place that had a really good special and we ended up moving out in February instead. And I am very happy that we did. All right. All right. So, month 23. We're almost there. 189.8 lb is what I started at and I ended at 185.4 for a monthly loss of 4.4 lb. Moving into my own place, I think made a huge difference in my stress level, in the way I was feeling. Also, just moving in general probably helped me lose weight and I ended up having a really solid month. In February, actually, I think on February 16th or 19th, one of the two, I think the 19th, actually. I think February 19th is when I posted my very first video here on this channel. Zero videos, zero subscribers, zero watch hours, completely fresh, brand new channel. my very first video here on this channel and I was so excited about it. Tik Tok shop was still doing really well at the time. I was also still partnering with Amble. Like my life in all was just really at a good spot. I was in my own place. I had my space. I have this entire room to myself. Like it just amazing. And I lost 4.4 lb for a total loss of 73.2 2 lb. All right, month 24. That was last month. We're We're so close to the end. I started last month at 185.4 lb and I ended at 183.1 lb. For a total loss of 2.3 lb. So again, a pretty solid month. It was a good month. I don't know why I feel like I've had months where I didn't lose weight. And I think I think it has a lot to do with the fact that I was weighing myself every single day. So when I weigh myself every single day and I'm watching it just go up, then I'm starting to think that I'm stalled for a really long time and I'm not actually losing weight. But then when I look at the weight from month to month, I was actually losing weight almost every single month during my journey and I didn't even realize it. So now that I'm weighing in week by week instead of every single day, I definitely think that this entire next year is going to be so different than the last two years just in understanding my numbers. During month 24, I started to try to enter exercise a little bit more. I tried to I tried to like we were settling into the new house. We were just kind of in the motion of things. Not much is happening, but my mind was going like 100 miles per hour. Like I have all of these ideas of where my YouTube channel is going to go. What am I doing on Tik Tok shop? What am I doing on Instagram? Building a community. I I just my mind is so everywhere all the time. Like I just have so many ideas in here and I just want to get them all out all the time that sometimes they don't come out in the right ways or they don't come out in the right times and I just feel like everything is happening and it's good right now and I'm hoping that that keeps going. All right, month 25. Last month I started the month at 183.1 lb and I ended it at 182.5 lb for a loss of6. It was slow. Total loss is 76.8 lbs, which is where I'm sitting right now. I actually weighed in this last weekend at 181 lbs. So maybe closer to 77 lb total loss on GOP medications. Although the last like the last year, my weight loss has really just taken a backseat and it has not been the forefront of my goals and my mission. And that changed significantly last month when I created the 5-month challenge. I am going on a cruise in October and I desperately want to get to 150 before my cruise. So, I created the fivemon challenge specifically so that I can get to my goal weight by October. I'm doing these five habits every single week to get me to my goal weight. So, that means that my weight loss is very much in my front focus right now. I am tracking everything I eat. I'm trying to add an exercise. I'm tracking my protein, my fiber. I'm posting a weekly vlog every single Sunday with you guys when I step on the scale. My weight loss is very much my primary focus moving forward the rest of this year. I fully plan on hitting my goal weight by the end of 2025. Looking back on all of these months, it is completely wild to me to see that I absolutely did lose weight almost every single month. Because if you would have asked me, I would have said absolutely I did not. I would have said it was so slow and I had months where I gained more and I had months where I stayed the same. And without actually deep diving into this data, I would have not been able to answer any of your questions when it came to the progress that I made over the last 2 years. It actually was better than I thought. And I've really made myself think that it was worse than it even ever was. Yes, it's been slow. Yes, there's many people that have gone faster than me. But my progress was still making progress the entire time. It wasn't fast and it wasn't perfect, but it was still working. All right, so now we're here today in month 26 of my weight loss journey. Five month weight loss challenge. YouTube channel is doing amazing. This community is being built. You guys are amazing. the comments you leave me, the fact that you guys even voted in the poll to pick this video, the the the woman the women in her glow era, which is my completely free community that you can get into. The link is down in the description. We have a discord. We have a community space. We talk to each other every single day. We are part of each other's journeys. We weigh in every Sunday together. This space is so precious to me and it's going to help me hit my goals. And I hope that this space helps you reach your goals too. If you want to be part of this community, if you want to be part of my journey and you want me to be part of your journey, please do not leave here without subscribing to my channel. Like this video, leave me a comment down below. Let me know if you watch the entire thing. Like, holy smokes, this is a long video. I have been talking for a really long time. If you make it all the way to the end of this video and you see this, put like a little like time emoji, some sort of like you can do like the the like the timer or a time clock, something a watch, some kind of time emoji will tell me that you watched all the way to the end, but then also leave me another comment letting me know like how well I did. Did I talk too much? Did I jibber jabber a little bit too much? I probably did, but if you watch my channel, you know that's just what I do. But um yeah, I just the future of me is just unraveling like right in front of you guys, right in front of our eyes. And I really want you to be a part of this journey. Right? If you want to watch my full like weight loss story of of just like how I got started, I'm going to link that here. But if you want to watch my video of the five GLP1 myths that we've got to stop letting people believe, I'm going to link that one here. This is a video that I think should be doing much better than it is. So, go watch that video, like it, and leave a comment. And then I will see you guys in my next video. Bite.

- Doctor Explains Retatrutide: The Most Powerful GLP-1 Weight Loss Drug Yet: Kind: captions Language: en What's up, guys? Dr. Alex here. And you know what sucks? Losing weight. I'm not kidding. Over the whole of human history, we have gone from struggling to feed people to struggling to wrestle away Jimmy's second Venti Starbucks sugar cookie Frappuccino of the day out of his insulin-resistant little fingers. Oh, Dr. Alex, I'm just big-boned. Yeah, sure you are, Jim. And speaking of bones, you haven't been able to see yours in about 6 years, so maybe lay off the liquid cement. Fat-shaming aside, weight loss can feel close to impossible for a lot of people. Fortunately, we now have incredibly powerful tools in the form of GLP-1s that are making weight loss and metabolic health an actual achievable goal. Disclaimer, it's always been an achievable goal, but we're talking about society here. And now we're about to get, or maybe we already have, depending on how you look at it, the most powerful GLP-1 yet, retatrutide. So, for those of you that are new here, my name is Dr. Alex Tatum, and I'm a board-certified, fellowship-trained urologist and dedicated men's health specialist. My entire practice is dedicated to issues guys face, including low testosterone, ED, Peyronie's, male infertility, and performance enhancement, which also means I am legally allowed to not know anything about women, which my wife can attest to. So, today we're diving deep on the hottest and most promising weight loss compound of all time, which is retatrutide. Today, we're going to cover five key points. First is a quick review. What are GLP-1 agonists? What makes them special, and how do they work? Number two, what is retatrutide, and what separates it from its older brothers, liraglutide, semaglutide, and tirzepatide? And how does that make it the complete game-changer that it is? Third, how does retatrutide compare to those other compounds objectively when it comes to weight loss and appetite suppression? Fourth, what are retatrutide side effects, and again, how do they compare? Fifth and finally, when can we expect it to hit the market, legally that is? For those of you waiting for your latest gray market order, I would refer you back to the tracking number given to you in your WhatsApp group. But before we get rolling, you know the drill. Hit the like button, subscribe, and answer me this down in the comments. What compound or topic do you want us to cover next? And as you thank me for that, here's a picture of Arnold smile right after comparing lifting heavy things to the male orgasm. I'm like getting the feeling of coming in the gym. I'm getting the feeling of coming at home. I'm getting the feeling of coming backstage when I pump up All right, starting off with point number one. What are GLP-1 agonists anyways? So, for those of you that have either A, been living under a rock, or B, Amish for the past few years, GLP-1 agonists are the blockbuster class of weight loss drugs that have revolutionized modern weight management. And they get their name from what they're trying to imitate. Glucagon-like peptide is either a 30 or 31 amino acid-long peptide made by special cells in the intestine known as enteroendocrine L cells. And when this peptide binds to the GLP-1 receptor, it does some pretty cool things. The first effect is that it slows gastric emptying, which means food hangs out in your stomach longer. This helps reduce hunger because, well, you're still full from that single boiled egg you ate 6 hours ago. Also, GLP-1 activation directly stimulates natural insulin release from the pancreas, which helps keep blood sugars down and more regulated. And somehow it actually directly inhibits food reward. It's like featuring me in American Eagle's latest jeans commercial instead of Sydney Sweeney. I mean, the clothes are the same, but somehow they just aren't as appealing. In total, this results in better blood sugar control and less caloric intake, which then leads to weight loss. Now, there are a few drugs that tried to exploit this before the GLP-1 craze really hit, like exenatide and liraglutide, but they just didn't really work very well. It wasn't until Novo Nordisk came out with semaglutide in 2017 and people started losing 15% of their body weight in just over a year that the world started to pay attention. And this was with zero lifestyle change. No counting calories, no cardio, no gym, nothing. Just a once-weekly shot. So great, the race was on to make bigger, better, and badder GLP-1 medications that could outshine semaglutide. And Lilly, shoutout to Indianapolis, actually succeeded with the release of tirzepatide in 2022. Now, unlike semaglutide, which only targeted GLP-1, tirzepatide also targeted the GIP receptor. GIP stands for glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide. And yes, that will be the only time I'll say the full name of that during this video. This GIP activation actually allows tirzepatide to stimulate more insulin release than semaglutide, driving better satiety and uniquely stimulating adipose tissue blood flow and buffering against fat accumulation, which is great. But what if we could drive fat burn even harder than tirzepatide? This brings us to point two in our video today, where retatrutide enters the chat as the world's first triple agonist GLP-1 drug, targeting GLP-1, GIP, and the glucagon receptor itself. So, what do each of these three receptors actually do? Starting off with the GLP-1 receptor, this is obviously the foundation that all GLP-1 agonist drugs are based off of. Activation here drives down hunger, slows down gut emptying as we said before, keeping you fuller longer and boosting insulin secretion, which leads to better sugar control. And again, it's worth noting that this is the only receptor that semaglutide works on. Now, we move on to GIP. GIP amplifies the post-meal insulin response and further enhances the appetite suppression seen with GLP-1 activation. Think of GIP as GLP-1's hype man. And this synergy is what made tirzepatide so much more potent than semaglutide. Ronit, can we include that picture of Tom Platz just screaming his head off at Lee Priest when he's doing that tricep flex? Deal. I have no idea if the internet has any interest in our weird little cocktail of science, pop culture, and bodybuilding lore, but damn it, we're going to find out. Comment below, by the way, who had the better quads? Tom Platz in his peak quadfather era, or Robert Förstemann, aka Quadzilla? You know, Ronit, for two supposedly straight dudes, we spend a lot of time looking at half-naked muscly men. It's okay, I'm just going to bury those feelings just deep, deep down, deep down. Okay. Getting back on track, let's focus on the third receptor that to date only retatrutide hits, and that's the glucagon receptor. This is the secret sauce that puts reta head and shoulders above the competition, at least so far anyways. Now, glucagon receptor activation on its own raises circulating blood glucose by breaking down the liver's reserve of glycogen. But wait, Dr. Tatum, you swarthy, jacked, handsome devil you, isn't raising blood sugar a bad thing in the context of weight loss? Eh, kind of. But in this case, glucagon activation actually nudges up energy expenditure and fat oxidation. And when coupled with the aforementioned GLP-1 and GIP activation, blood sugars actually stay in check. This burn a bit more component is likely why we see a steeper early weight loss curve with retatrutide compared to its competition. And in studies looking at fatty liver disease, high doses of reta were shown to increase levels of beta-hydroxybutyrate, a marker of fatty acid oxidation and fat burn, directly reversing fatty liver disease at a rate faster than historical caloric restriction. And yes, this means that retatrutide is actually better than just modulating your own caloric intake. I cannot overemphasize how wild this is. And for all you pharmacology nerds out there, I'm going to let Ronit drop some fancy B-roll on this. Retatrutide shows balanced GLP-1 and glucagon activity with higher potency at GIP and a weekly dosing half-life profile designed to hit satiety and metabolism together. Now, compare this to semaglutide, which only activates GLP-1, primarily turning down hunger. Like we mentioned previously, tirzepatide combines GLP-1 activation with GIP, turning hunger down further while improving insulin dynamics. And then finally, we have retatrutide, which is GLP-1, GIP, and glucagon, aiming to do more and gently press the body's burn more fat button without the excessive hyperglycemia you get from raw glucagon itself. So, pharmacokinetically, retatrutide's half-life is about 6 to 7 days, which allows for once-weekly injections similar to semaglutide and tirzepatide. Now, for those of you actually interested in performance enhancement and having less side effects, daily injections are always going to be better, but we'll get there in a later video. All right, so let's move on to point number three today. How does retatrutide objectively compare to the competition when it comes to weight loss? Let's look at the phase two trial looking at obesity that was published in the New England Journal of Medicine that had patients on 48 weeks of retatrutide. Patients on 8 mg a week experienced a mean weight change of 22.8% and patients on 12 mg experienced a 24.2% reduction. But how is that weight loss stratified on the max dose? If we're looking at the full 48-week trial, 100% of patients lost at least 5% of their body weight, 93% lost at least 10%, and 83% lost over 15% of their body weight. But it isn't just total weight loss, it's how fast that loss happened. By 24 weeks, patients on the top doses were already losing 17.3 to 17.5% of their total body weight. This means retatrutide is a fast mover. Let's see how this stacks up to what patients already know from earlier drugs. Looking at semaglutide, the STEP 1 data at the 2.4 mg dose given over 68 weeks showed an average of 14.9% loss of total body weight. So, let's see how that stacks up against tirzepatide. Looking at the SURMOUNT-1 trial, which was 72 weeks in total of therapy. Patients receiving 5 mg a week lost on average 15% of total body weight, while patients on 10 mg lost 19.5%. Going up to the 15 mg dose, patients lost 20.9% of body weight, and about 50 to 57% of patients lost over 20% of their body weight with those max doses. Now, we have to remember that these aren't just weight loss drugs. They were originally designed to help with type two diabetes. So, let's look at the sugar control data. Retatrutide helped patients drop their hemoglobin A1C by two points at 24 weeks on the 12 mg dose. This is compared to only 1.4 with dulaglutide. And if we're looking at weight loss in diabetic patients, study participants found that they lost 16.8 to 16.9% of total body weight at 36 weeks. This is taking anywhere from the 8 to 12 mg dose. This shows simultaneous glycemic control and weight loss dual action. Ultimately, the plain English take on all of this is is retatrutide's 24 to 48-week curves are much steeper than semaglutide and about on par or above what we see with tirzepatide by 48 weeks. But, those tirzepatide and semaglutide numbers again were at 68-72 weeks. Now, there's no approved dose head-to-head readout yet in obesity, but there is a direct phase 3 retatrutide versus tirzepatide trial that is ongoing today. But, let's move on. Point four for today is safety and side effects. You know that thing fitness influencers pretend to care about before shooting up more steroids than Bane. And I'm not talking Tom Hardy's overly angsty Bane from The Dark Knight Rises. I'm talking juiced to the gills Rob Swenson's Bane in 1997's criminally underrated Batman and Robin. By the way, I don't care what the movie critics say, that movie is an absolute classic that 10-year-old Dr. Alex will hold in his heart forever. Also, Poison Ivy made me feel things in that movie that I am not comfortable talking about on camera. Now, speaking of shows, you've seen this one before. Think the usual GI complaints that are seen with all GLP-1s during dose ups that usually calm down over time. Now, let's go back and look at that phase 2 obesity trial that was published in the New England Journal of Medicine. About 82% of patients taking retatrutide experienced some sort of side effect, but keep in mind, 70% of patients taking placebo, which was nothing, experienced side effects as well. And serious side effects only occurred in 4% of patients. As you can guess, most of these side effects were GI in nature, with nausea affecting 27% of patients, diarrhea in 13%, vomiting in 10%, constipation in 9%, and decreased appetite in 18%, which I thought was the point, but you know, hey, what do I know? And most of these side effects were dose related and typically occurred when doses were raised too quickly. Patients also saw a bump in heart rate, which was dose dependent and peaked at 24 weeks and then drifted down thereafter. Don't worry, your Apple Watch will survive. But, what about adverse events of special interest? You know, the things that we actually care about. Cardiac arrhythmias occurred in 6% of retatrutide patients compared to 3% of placebo. We saw biliary disorders in 1% of patients versus zero on placebo with a major adverse cardiac event in maybe less than 1% of patients, less than 1% of patients got pancreatitis. Again, these are low absolute rates, but they're worth mentioning on camera. So, let's go back and just recap things really quickly. Looking at the semaglutide step 1 trial, on average, patients lost 14.9% of their total body weight at 68 weeks and GI events were common. Now, looking at the tirzepatide SURMOUNT-1 data, we saw a 20.9% average total body weight loss at 72 weeks with a 15 mg dose with similar GI-related side effects and discontinuations only being in the single digits. Now, this may seem obvious, but I think it's important to note. If you start cranking up your GLP-1 dose too fast because TikTok told you to go big, your gut's going to file an HR complaint. Actually, it's probably going to be more of an Amber Heard me too crap on the couch moment, but again, start low and go slow if any of these drugs ever become yours to take. So, for our last point of the day, when can we actually get a hold of pharma-grade retatrutide? Sorry, Chinese gray market suppliers, your AI-generated waifus are beautiful, but I refuse to give in. Right now, we're still waiting for phase 3 trials to complete. The TRIUMPH study is looking to have its main obesity master protocol set for primary completion in May of 2026. This means the best-case scenario for US approval is going to be 2027. It can take months and months for the FDA to review the data from these large trials. Now, other phase 3 studies include the cardiovascular and renal outcomes version of TRIUMPH, noticed TRIUMPH-outcomes, with 10,000 participants, and this has an estimated completion in 2029. Now, this isn't needed for the first approval in obesity to get it to market, but you should know this is going on. And the head-to-head of retatrutide versus tirzepatide is currently registered and taking patients as we speak. But, for anybody with eyes and an internet connection, we've already been seeing guys post their retatrutide transformations left and right. And honestly, as a physician, I have mixed opinions on this. Yes, I am absolutely thrilled to see people transforming their bodies and achieving goals that they felt like they never could have otherwise. But, at the same time, we don't know what you're getting when you order these drugs from China or whatever supplier you have. Dosing can be inconsistent, and what's more concerning for me is the risk of heavy metal toxicity and other contaminants that could be present in your medication. So, officially, getting retatrutide from some other supplier is something that I just cannot recommend. No shade, we're all adults here, but just keep in mind, when you're buying these compounds from anything other than a legit pharmacy or compounding pharmacy, you're rolling the dice. I care about you guys, and I don't want you to research chemical your way into an ER visit. So, at the end of the day, should we be excited about retatrutide? Yes, obviously, but we should also be cautious about it. Mechanistically, retatrutide makes a lot of sense, and the numbers are big and fast by 24-48 weeks with the adverse event profile just looking like a beefed-up incretin with familiar GI issues plus a modest heart rate rise and some low-rate signals we're tracking phase 3. Now, the drug isn't approved yet, and the earliest realistic US launch is in 2027. But, until then, we have great options in the form of both semaglutide and tirzepatide. And that's it. If you made it all the way to the end of this video, congratulations. You're officially allowed to skip cardio and leg day this week. And if you want to check out more videos, take a look at the recent steroid tier list we dropped last week. It's not perfect. I left out both masteron and D-bol while mistakenly calling Superdrol oral primo. It's not, it's oral masteron. But, hey, I was post-call after a full day of surgery, and it's my list and my rules. So, go mock me in the comments and give the algorithm some love. So, like, comment, and trend twin smash the subscribe button, and we'll catch you in the next one. Until then, this is Dr. Alex signing off.

- Weight Loss Takes How Long on GLP-1? Obesity Doctor: Kind: captions Language: en the topic for today is how long does it take to lose weight on these glp1 receptor agonists hi and welcome to my channel I'm Dr Megan I am a board certified physician in Internal Medicine lifestyle medicine and obesity medicine and this is really important because I actually prescrib these medications I actually talk to patients about their weight and I've helped hundreds of patients whose weight I'm here to help you too so if you're confused about your weight if you have questions about weight medicine and if you want medically based answers to your weight questions you are in the right place so how long does it actually take to lose weight on these glp1 injectable weight loss medicines now of course as you would expect your mileage may vary but I will say that that first month people typically lose a couple pounds but really that first month I am not looking for any particular weight loss that first month whether you're on lorag tide seatide or tepati that first month is really to let your body get used to the medication and to see how significant the side effects are going to be that's what I'm looking for if you lose weight during that first month that's great but I'm not expecting it and that's not really the intended effect of that first dose it's really just to let your body get used to it so if a month goes by and you're like hey I've lost like no weight at all or I lost like one or two pounds it is not a cause to panic whatsoever it's pretty expected um and so if you've lost weight great but if you haven't Don't Panic um as a side note there are always the outlier patients who you know month one or month two they lose a lot of weight now that can also be because they had pretty significant side effects they're really having issues with their appetite or having a lot of nausea so um if you've heard about patients like that you know that is number one not typical but also number two those people often aren't feeling great and it's certainly not the intended or expected effect um so by month two I'm usually starting to expect some con consistent movement downwards but everybody's trajectory is going to be different also what is not uncommon is for people to kind of you want I like to think about weight loss kind of like the stock market where you're looking at the overall trend so is it going down yes on the kind of bird's eye view but if you zoom in there might be times where things kind of plateau a little bit and it's not always a very linear clean neat downward trajectory that is not uncommon so someone you know month 2 3 4 they may lose weight during month two have a plateau month three and then lose weight again month four that's pretty normal there are some people who will also pretty consistently lose weight neither one is bad it's just how your body is adapting to the medication and again not a reason to panic but yes by month two I'm starting to see in general some weight loss happening now also there are going to be variabl so the type of glp1 you are on is going to um likely affect the trajectory of your weight loss as well so if you're on lorag tide um versus tepati you know tepati is a a dual Agonist and is a much more powerful medication so you might be um losing weight faster or more consistently on that medication versus lorti although of course this is a very caseby casee situation and I have a lot of patients who do very well on lorti also you all know I am not on board with the compounded medications however if you were if somebody was on them you don't really know exactly what's in them so we can't really say um it's hard to say if they're going to be effective and so it's hard to really um know uh because you don't know exactly what's in it um it's hard to say if you're getting the intended effect it's hard to say what's going on if you're not getting you know if over time you're not getting close to the expected effect that you would get with the FDA approved version it's a little hard to troubleshoot because you really don't know what you're getting so aside from the safety issues this is yet another reason why I really am not on board with um also your medical history could certainly be playing a role so if you have a thyroid issue if you have diabetes um you may not get as strong an effect um thyroid issue if it's treated usually it's fine but sometimes even with well-rolled diabetes you might not get as strong an effect as someone who does not have diabetes also you might be on medications that are interfering or kind of fighting with the medication a little so I've made a lot of videos about this but there are certain medications you know paxel Gabapentin um there's a there's so many out there but if you are on a medication that is um kind of fighting with your glp1 receptor Agonist your weight loss trajectory might not be as significant as somebody else's but yes if somebody is at the if somebody isn't losing weight after like 3 months um usually I will try and again this is always you know a case by casee situation with the patient if their side effects aren't horrible or if their side effects are well-managed or they don't have any um because it is such an incredible pain to get these medications approved to find them um I really want to give it the best shot that we can and so usually we will titr trate all the way up to the maximum dose but if they're on the maximum dose for a couple months and they really haven't seen significant weight loss like 5% or more of their total body weight and it's really time to think about getting some Labs you know I'm always reassessing their medications but this is a good time to do it again and then also thinking about Alternatives so if they're taking an injectable gp1 like um wovi they may want to try something like Zep bound or saxenda or they may want to try um an oral medication it really depends on the patient but usually 3 months at the maximum dose and if there's not a significant amount of weight loss that's a good time to really reassess Alternatives so that's going to do it for today thank you so much for watching as always um if you have questions leave them down below if you want to work with me directly I will leave that information down below like subscribe do all the things and please be well

- 10 Reasons You Are NOT Losing Weight On GLP-1s: Kind: captions Language: en I have 10 reasons why you are not losing weight on your glp1 Agonist seatide or chipati better known as Zep found and wovi my name is Dr G I am an internal medicine doctor in Hollywood Florida and I specialize in lifestyle modification coaching and weight loss management especially with the medications gp1 Agonist medications like some magti in wobi and today we're going to talk about 10 reasons that you are not losing your weight on The glp1 Agonist medications yeah this is um a big sticking point for a lot of people to come into the office um on you know already on the medications or are starting the medications just out and they got the hair on fire because doc what's going on I'm not losing weight man they're bouncing off the walls they're calling to ask front desk is you know they calling me every five minutes um wanting to talk to me directly to Ask me what's happening why aren't I losing weight so let's talk about the 10 reasons that I have found in practice in real world patience as to what's going on number one impatience meaning you got to be patient I have patients who I have given the medication on a Monday and are calling the office on Thursday stating they are not losing weight it's only been 4 days you haven't even made it to the first week yet it takes time some patients are not not as sensitive to the medication and need higher dosing so that's going to take time to build up right we want to do that in a step-wise fashion to make sure that you don't get sick so you got to be patient with the medications I've said before and I'll say it again these medications are not Magic Bullets it's going to take time it's not an antibiotic this is a treatment that needs time in many patients to build up to a level to hold your appetite down in the meantime you have other home homework you've got to start thinking about your medications the the reasons the who the what the when the why the how of your nutrition you've got to get that together and you also got to pick out some exercises that you got to do so you've got other work to do right in the meantime the medications will get up to the right dosing for you and it will eventually hold down your appetite so that way you can get your nutrition together and get your workout together so you've got to be patient number two you may be on a dose that you think is adequate but you actually do have to go up to a higher dose that's a decision to be made with your healthcare provider you have to slowly but surely get the maximum dose that you tolerate that holds your appetite down so that way you can make the other changes in your lifestyle that you need to make so tip number two the reason number two that you don't you're not losing weight is because you ear a too low dose it's not effective for you everyone is different um they tried to bring everyone in the trials to the highest effective dose which was um 15 milligrams for chipati and 2.4 milligrams for semi agatite Zep bound and wovi respectively but in real life we have found not everyone needs to be on the highest dose we need to tie trate up until we have the maximum effect of appetite suppression with appropriate weight loss and hopefully minimal side effects so you're probably it's possible that you're not on the right dose number three you need to optimize and rest strategize change your approach to your nutrition and your exercise this is something that I talk about ad nauseum here in the office um always be looking at what's working hold on to what works and take off the things that don't make sure that this process although it's going to be tough um making new good habits and breaking old bad habits it's an uncomfortable process if it were not uncomfortable you would have done it already a long time ago right if it's uncomfortable because your body has to now do something that it it likes to do which is sit on the couch maybe eat these Foods um you know not pushing your body to do different things until you like these new habits these bad habits are going to be hard to do so make sure that you are increasing your activity and decreasing your calories appropriately those are two habits that you probably have built up into the point that you are now with your weight and increasing your ability to have mindful eating why you are eating the bowl of food the plate of food in front of you mindful eating while you're eating it understanding okay I'm getting proteins out of this I'm getting you know my veggies and my fruit out of this I'm getting this I'm purposefully eating these carbs but I'm eating it because I'm hungry or I'm eating it because I need these macros in my body right now um and I'm not eating it because I'm sad I'm not eating it because I'm angry I'm not eating it because I'm tired I'm not eating it because um I'm happy you're not eating it for any other emotion except for Hunger which is the only human emotion that food can actually cure so yeah lots to think about right there with tip number three analyzing all these things as you're going along also if you've optimized them you know you think you've optimized them the best you can you may need to add a nutritionist or dietitian into the MX this is a you know a luxury for some um but it's a necessity for others uh but you know this is another consult if you don't have insurance or you don't have the means uh it may take you learning the skill at least some of the necessary skills learning and reading so that's going to be you know a ramping up there's a learning curve to that so you have to be patient with that as well another probably more often um um overlooked part of your op optimization process is to make sure you're not drinking more alcohol than you should be alcohol is empty calories and it also promotes overeating and eating the wrong kinds of foods um and making poor decisions in general with your nutrition is something that you know many people end up doing so also take a look at your alcohol intake that may be the hill that you have to you know get over in order to increase and optimize your weight loss and is why you're probably not making the Headway that you should be making reason number four optimizing your protein intake and also your fiber intake protein intake is absolutely key for a good amount of weight loss and also to keep the lean muscle mass that you need to keep on your body as you lose weight again we've talked about it before losing weight is a process where if you're not careful you will lose both um too much lean muscle mass as you lose the um adapost isssue or fat mass in your body so we want to hold up the lean muscle mass as much as possible by doing two things that is optimizing our protein intake 1 to 1.2 or a little bit more if you can tolerate that grams per kilogram per day um that's where the sweet spot is and if you can do that and also add resistance training to your new exercise uh routine two to 3 weeks is good enough um get yourself to to failure maybe once or twice in you know about once a week is cool cool enough close to failure um maybe within one rep or two reps of your failure of your maximum amount of uh um reps or weight yeah it's going to make those muscles pop and as you get those muscles to get you know growing you're also going to entice more caloric burn which adds even more weight loss over time not only that over time you have a more you know more lean muscle mass on your body versus the uh amount of adapost tissue on your body makes you an overall healthier person and people with higher lean muscle mass as they get older and elderly just do better less comorbid diseases less problems with your health in general so protein absolutely important also fiber your fiber intake for a female um literature says 25 gr um per day and guys you get about 38 G a day um that number seems to tail off a little bit after age 50 but that's a good rule to follow um 25 grams per women and 38 grams for men that's the fiber intake that that's what we're shooting for in our diet if you can get that daily excellent excellent work with your fiber intake helps you feel Fuller um longer it helps your bowel movements um it's been shown to help with weight losses while protein also helps you feel Fuller um quicker as well so lots and lots of benef benefits from optimizing and taking a look at your protein intake and your um fiber intake the protein intake actually should be around 30 to 35% of your caloric uh intake on a daily basis so that's another op uh something that you can optimize and make sure that you're getting that much very hard to do like if you think about it you're like hey well great you know Dr G is telling me I could get 30% of protein and not a lot of people can reach that goal but hey that's what we're reaching for reach for a goal and trying to get as close to it as possible and no perfect patients here right no perfect people but you striving for these goals is what's going to get you the gains and the losses of weight um that we're looking for reason number five that you are not losing your weight on these medications You're simply not taking the medications the way you should be taking them the medications are a longterm medication once a week um injected just under the skin and they act like glp1 the natural uring hormone in your body when you eat is released by the cells in your intestine and this medication mimics the glp1 the natural occurring glp1 that you have in your body and I have and everyone has but it's a lot stronger it's a lot louder it works on The receptors and it grabs on and Tighter and it does have a longer effect it's not degraded by the dpp4 enzyme which breaks down The glp1 Agonist which basically one protein is designed to break down another protein one protein is liberated it's doing its job in circulation and our body don't allow hormones to just do their job all day you don't need it all the time so there's another hormone or another protein another enzyme should say another enzyme comes along and it starts eating that the molecule until it's all gone or it's inactivated the thing with these medications are they're different they're not the same one that you make so the enzymes in your body that are built to break down naturally curling glp1 are not effective or as effective on glp1 Agonist medications like troti and sagte so they stick around for longer you only got to eject it once and that medication is there doing its job for about a week so if you decide that you're going to skip two weeks you know you're not dedicated you don't come into the office or you forget for two weeks oh have these medications here in the fridge I guess I'll inject another time especially at the beginning of your journey really not going to optimize how the medication Works um so it's imperative that at least I'd say the two to three months at the beginning you have to be very very dedicated to you know inject in medications on time and you have a window the day before and the day after your injection day that's what they did in the studies and it did just fine but if you skip 7 to 14 days and go back to that dose you're just starting all over and you're just wasting your money and actually just building frustration and you're going to come to me and you're going to say Doc I'm not losing any weight but you been here once in the last you know 3 weeks I haven't seen you in about a month and of course the medication I gave you 3 weeks ago has been gone and you probably have been as not dedicated to your nutrition and your exercises as you have been to getting the medication injected into your body so you got to blame yourself on that one you have to get the medication on a consistent basis every week for at least the first two to three months on the medication if you're going to be on it that long reason number six while you are not losing weight on the medication you're on a plateau and you know what we got to do now right got to celebrate the [Music] pateau now that we're done celebrating let's talk about the plateau um I've done a video on this specifically on plateaus and I love the plateau because it means that your body has now reached a new point you've been losing weight and now you're on a point where your body is beginning to optimize it's beginning to groove it's beginning to retool it says hey Dr G has been giving you these medications you have been doing things with your nutrition you're changing things up you have now gotten out of the house you're doing 30 minutes three four times a week I'm going to use the calories that you're now taking and optimize it and keep your weight flat at 190 I know I know I know you want to get to 130 140 but no going to hold us at 190 you got to have to do something else to get me to move cuz you're going to try to kill us you're going to make us go to zero you're trying to be our demise but you know it that's just the way the body does it it works it optimizes as you get to certain levels so you're going to have to do something else you're going to have to either shake up the exercise or shake up the nutrition and cause more of a deficit again to get down to this desired weight it's just it is what it is or you do both or you increase your exercise increase intensity change it up and um decrease your caloric intake in order to continue to get off of that plateau and go to the next you're going to hit another plate and we're going to have another party yeah a great tip for getting off the plateau maybe it's your protein intake continue to prioritize and make sure you optimize the protein intake and resistance training and kind of hack into the caloric burn that more lean muscle mass brings to the table before you go changing your caloric um intake down and increasing your intensity go ahead and tune into what is the all of the the resistance training that is at your fingertips so that's a little Pro tip right there to get you off of the plateau without really having to you know eat less or exercise necessarily even more number seven the reason why you aren't losing weight you're too stretched out there's something else happening with your body with your physiology when we get stressed out we release a ton of this hormone called cortisol and cortisol um releases a bunch of glucose and the glucose releases other stress hormones and it makes this derangement of your metabolism it just causes your metabolism to not be as efficient you I'm not saying that it's going to cause you to gain a ton of weight but it can impede your weight loss Journey so you're not losing the weight that you believe you should be for the amount of caloric um deficits you have so imperative that you do the best you can to um mitigate and to address real world stress if you're under stress don't ignore it um get the counseling that you need get find time for yourself relieve the stress the great thing is that working out is going to help you with relieving a lot of this stress so incorporate that into your stress uh your stress relief um your Stress Management as you continue to make these lifestyle changes as as you continue to look for ways to continue to lose weight so do not ignore the real uh physiology of um a metabolic derangement as a result of stress stress also decreases Sleep Quality and sleep is absolutely imperative good sleep um at least 6 and 1 half to 7/2 hours of sleep is what's the optimal range weird thing is if you sleep too much um anything past we'll talk about that that's actually number eight you're not optimizing your sleep think about that so sleep if you're not getting the 6 and 1 half to 7 and 1/2 hours of sleep um you're actually going to increase your obesity on one end and and and other comorbid diseases if you get more than 10 hours of sleep you can actually increase obesity you can increase heart disease you can increase hypertension I think that's a function of just being I don't want to say it the LW but lazy if you're lazy you're just not moving your body for enough hours in a day you're just going to end up with more comorbidities so it's it's absolutely important to not get too much sleep but too little sleep puts too much stress on the body and that also slows down your ability to lose weight you actually end up eating you know mindless eating instead of mindful eating um and then the the metabolics of the body just don't work correctly when you don't have the right recovery time recovery time is absolutely necessary in order to build muscle up to you know get to reset the brain reset the rest of the body to get in the intestines everything needs to reset for the next day and for the next set of challenges that you're going to put your body through and your body gets put through by the environment so absolutely necessary to incorporate at least 6 and 1/2 hours to about 7 and half hours up to 8 hours a night um of sleep a day reason number nine why you are not losing losing the weight on these glp1 agus medications is you may have another comorbid disease meaning you may have diabetes which in the studies showed the diabetics tended to lose less weight on these medications versus non-diabetics it's very interesting this was like a four to 7% um body uh Mass um or weight um decrease um in the type 2 diabetics versus those who don't have type two diabetes in the weight loss of Trials of course I think that may be just because you know diabetes in and of itself is a metabolic disease it causes you to have issues with your metabolism and and how you use and and and incorporate energy so it's going to take more optimizing of your diabetes and optimizing of your other comorbid diseases in order to lose weight if you have cardiovascular disease if you have um kidney disease if you have any of these other disease liver disease any of these other diseases at all that is uncontrolled it could even be arthritis it could be um any other inflammatory disease of you know ultr colitis or IBS which I've never had a patient on um have one of those uh conditions and be on these medications but there's no overt contraindication I got that question um from a patient last week uh who asked me hey how do patients with IBS um do on these meds I haven't treated a patient on one of these with IBS and on gp1 but there's no overt contraindication for it now I would be careful with patients with ibsc or IBS with constipation who tend to be more on a constipated side on increasing the dose too quickly on them because you don't want to cause straight up constipation or exacerbation of their IBS to constipation so I would be careful with those that IBS with diarrhea not very often do I end up getting patients with diarrhea um on The gp1 Agonist medications I still be careful of course but less of a concern I should say than the IBS with uh constipation patients but again having any other comorbid disease that you have under control is absolutely necessary in order to be able to do the things that you need to do to lose the weight not necessarily directly related to the medication it's more a thing of okay now you got to eat right now you got to work out right you got to have everything everything's got to be in tuned as best as possible so you can go ahead and make these Lifestyle Changes um if you have sleep apnea we've got to address that all these things should be addressed by your healthcare provider which is an absolute reason why you should see it doctor before you start any of the glp1 agonists and get everything dialed in before you jump in you don't want to get in halfway um and then have to move back to okay well I got to come off to all these meds because I got to address whatever it is that I need to address we want to address those things on the front end get on this lifestyle change and maybe put these things in the back in the rearview mirror some of these things for good and reason number 10 you are not losing on these medications and I know this is is tough to hear maybe this medication is not for you I hate to say it all medications aren't for everyone first off let's leave space for the possibility that if you're on stide um and it's not working for you I have had a many many patients switch over to tooti and take off like a jet and vice versa patients on to ziti get on some agatite and a weight comes off then I have patients who gone back and forth and nothing is happening no side effects they really don't feel much they I mean they're not losing weight they're doing the things they should be doing losing weight maybe one pound a week which is great but honestly it's not the medication it's more the lifestyle modification coaching that they're getting for me and they're actually putting in the work on that end um for the first time ever and it's not really the medication we take the medication away continue the lifestyle coaching lifestyle modification and accountability and making sure they have a community and someone to lean on to when times are tough and they continue to lose one pound or two pounds a week that is okay it doesn't all have to be with a medication but if you're on the medication and you see it's not working it's quite possible the medication you on doesn't work for you and you may need to switch to another one and if you've done both and you're still not feeling it maybe The gp1 Agonist unfortunately for you are not an option so those are my top 10 10 things I'd like to go those are the reasons why you know most people uh who are not losing on gp1 agus medications that those are the reasons those are the things so if you look in the comment section you'll see I do the best I can to get to most of the general questions about the videos and everything else but if you need a specific answer to your question and you're not getting it from your provider then that means you will benefit from a consult from me and we offer one toone consults you can do that by giving a call to the office or even better than that call or you have the option to join a coaching call we have weekly coaching calls at 5:30 you can jump on by looking at the link in the description below and I will see you soon

- GLP-1 Newbies: Tips You Need to Know: Kind: captions Language: en If you're about to start as GLP1, let me stop you right there. You don't need to spend weeks preparing. You don't need to overthink it. Just take the shot. There are some things no one tells you, and you won't find out until you're already in it. You're going to run into surprises. From side effects to foods that suddenly don't sit right to why your goal weight doesn't really matter, these are the top tips I wish I had before I took my first shot. If you're new here, I'm Megan. I've lost 125 lbs using compounded turppetide. I started in August 2023, weighing 243 lbs and I've been maintaining a healthy weight for over a year now and today I'm weighing in right around 118 lbs. I started this YouTube channel less than 2 months ago and I'm so happy that the videos that I've been making are connecting with some of you and helping you along your journey. I would love it if you would take a minute to subscribe to my channel so that you don't miss any new videos. I am taking your suggestions. So, go ahead and leave a comment with any video suggestions and I am making videos as fast as I can so that I can share more about my journey on a GLP1 and what I've learned along the way. When I started my GLP1 journey, I knew one person in real life who was taking a GLP1 and I got some really great tips from this friend two years ago. it was really still on the down low. It wasn't as common as it is today. So, I'm so happy that people starting a GLP1 today have so many resources at their fingertips to learn about what it's like to be on this medicine. And today, I just wanted to share a little bit about what I wish I knew before I started a GLP1 and what would have helped me along on my journey so that I can help some of you who are getting ready to start your journeys today. First of all, if you're about to start a GLP1, the very first step is just go ahead and take that shot right now. Like, pause this video, go get it out of the fridge and take it. If you've been thinking about it and waiting for the perfect time to start, the perfect time to start is now. You don't have to wait until a certain day of the week. You don't have to wait until a certain time of the month. Like, just go and take that shot. The truth is, there is never going to be a perfect time to take the shot. There's always something happening. There's a vacation coming up. you have a holiday weekend, somebody's birthday, you have a night out planned with friends. There's always going to be something. So, the very best time to take that shot is now. That leads me into my second tip, which is yes, you're going to have some side effects, but you'll learn to manage those as they come. You don't need to learn how to manage all the side effects before you take the shot because you might not even have those side effects. There are certain side effects that are more common like constipation or a little bit of nausea, but not everybody gets those things. The friend who I knew in real life who told me about GLP1s, she told me she felt like she had the flu the first week. That did not happen to me, and I'm so thankful for that. I had different side effects. So, there's no real way to know until you just go ahead and take that shot and see what happens to your body. All of our bodies are going to react differently and each of us is going to have different side effects and even the ways to manage those side effects are going to be a little bit different from person to person. We can take the advice from other people, but what works for one person isn't necessarily going to work for you. So, postponing taking your shot until you learn about all these side effects is of no benefit for you because you have to just get in there and deal with it and I promise you'll learn what works for you. Some of the common side effects that I had were a little bit of nausea and eating a few mini saltines solved that problem for me. Just making sure I had a little bit of something in my stomach. That salt crunch, it just helped me out. And if I felt any nausea, I can nibble on those. I also found that if I ate certain foods, I was more prone to nausea. So, if I ate fried foods or super fatty foods or super rich sweet foods, one time I ate a little bit of cheesecake and that did not sit well with me at all and I had nausea. Uh, my friend Gina from Ankor Moments uh has a great term for what happens to you when you eat a food that doesn't agree with you on a GLP1. She calls it a spanking. So, sometimes you can catch the signs of that happening before you get to a full-blown spanking. And I have found that Tums work really well for me. So if I eat something that maybe just doesn't quite agree with my body, I will pop a couple of Tums. And I honestly only have to do that maybe once or twice a month because I eat pretty clean and I choose to eat a mostly whole food diet with a focus on protein and fiber. But if you are going out or to a birthday party or it's a holiday weekend or something like that, you might be eating foods that you're just not used to and you might get signs of a spanking coming on. So having some tools to prevent that from happening is really good. So I like to use Tums. Other people like things like Pepsid or Kepto-Bismol. I have a weird reaction. One time we were at Disneyland for my 40th birthday and we went out for a birthday dinner and ate too much rich food and I had a spanking coming on. So we went into the gift shop and I found some Pepto-Bismol and I took it and it helped thankfully. But the very next morning I woke up and I had a black tongue. I did not know this could happen but I was brushing my teeth and I was spitting black. Of course I freaked out. Thankfully, Google told me that that's a reaction that some people have to the medicine in Pepto-Bismol that you get a black tongue. So, I don't take Pepto-Bismol anymore because I don't want to walk around with a black tongue that takes days to go away. But the Tums works for me. So, if you end up with nausea or signs of a spanking coming on, you'll have to figure out what medicines work for you. But really, the very best thing is to just eat in a way that agrees with your body. Another common side effect is constipation. I honestly had very little constipation. Some people deal with this the entire time they're on a GLP1, but I think sometimes those people have dealt with constipation in their life anyway. I have never dealt with constipation, so I've only had it a few times. I choose to use Oxy Powder. It is a magnesium supplement and it works like a charm for me. The bottle says take four pills and I beg you not to take four pills if you going to take Oxy Powder for your constipation. you will poop your pants. So, go ahead and start with like two pills. If that doesn't work the next day, you take these before bed with a full glass of water. It works overnight. You don't wake up with like a rumbling stomach or anything. You just wake up and you're like, I have to go. If you take four pills, you will have an emergency. So, start with two, see how your body reacts. Go ahead and take three the next day if you still haven't had success. And I have only had to take these a handful of times during my journey because it's just not a problem that I struggle with. Some of the other things that I've dealt with are headaches or fatigue and I've just managed those like I manage any symptoms that I don't know where they come from. If I have a headache, I'll take some Advil. I will rest. I'll put a cold pack on my head. If I have fatigue, I take a nap. I drink some extra caffeine. I just deal with those symptoms as they come up. And honestly, there's no real way to know if those are symptoms of the medication or if they're symptoms of being a sleepd deprived mom who's really busy and just sometimes gets a headache or sometimes is feeling fatigue. I do think some weeks I had fatigue like crazy where I felt like almost like when I was pregnant and in my first trimester and there's just like this bone crushing fatigue where you cannot sleep enough and you just cannot get up like there's no amount of willpower that is going to get me off the couch. I did have that for a couple of weeks and I just dealt with it. Other side effects will just be completely random. I had a few weeks where I had joint pain. I had one rough stretch where I had restless leg symptoms happening. That was the worst because I could not sleep. Again, I just figured out how to deal with each symptom, one symptom at a time, and I didn't have to think about all of that beforehand. I just dealt with it as it came up. I did not have symptoms consistently every single week when I took a shot. I would have a symptom for a week or two, then I would have a different symptom for a week or two, then I'd get something new. So being on a GLP1 is a constant experiment and adventure and it's just something you can't plan for. On to tip number three. So you will learn pretty quickly which foods agree with you and which foods don't. When you're going on a GLP1, you do not need to prepare to change your entire diet and change everything about the way that you eat the day you're starting your shot. Being on a GLP-1 is not like any other weight loss diet that you've tried. I remember I've done things like Whole 30. When I did Whole 30, I spent a good two or three weeks prepping ahead of time because I had to buy all the right ingredients. I had to make sure I had the recipes lined up. I did a meal plan. I had to get rid of stuff in my house so that I wasn't tempted while I was doing Whole 30. But being on a GLP1 is not like that. You can eat how you normally eat. And the shot is going to help you make better decisions. It's going to help you eat less of what you like to eat. It's going to be working in the background of your brain to help you figure out what are the foods that are the best for your body. When you eat those foods, if it starts to make you feel sick, you'll quickly learn that's not a food that I want to be eating. Sometimes people have told me they feel really full with certain foods. Like maybe you're eating broccoli and you just feel like it's kind of stuck in this area and maybe that's not something that you want to eat. instead of broccoli, maybe you switch to something more like green beans if you're looking for an quick, easy vegetable that you can grab from the freezer. I know for me, I had a lot of changes in my taste buds where I was a carb addict before and once I started on a GLP1, I did not like bread items. No bread for sandwiches. I didn't like bread like breakfast breads for pastries. And I loved donuts so much. And for a while, like donuts and pastries and croissants, none of that looked good to me. I would look at it and think, I should like that, but it looked kind of gross to me. So, I just didn't eat it. So, anytime there was a bread involved, I would take the bread off of a sandwich, have a burger without the bun. Not because I was trying to be carb conscious or anything. I just didn't want the bread. Once you're on the medication, your brain is going to help you out and tell you what kinds of things your body wants to be eating. The key is just listening to your body. Be really in tune with what your body is telling you. One great way to do that is by keeping a food journal, tracking what you eat, writing down what you're eating and how you feel afterward. And you'll start to notice some patterns that can help you make decisions when you're planning out what you're going to eat. Moving on to number four. Your body's going to help tell you what it doesn't want to eat, and your brain can tell you what you should be eating. When I started on a GLP1, I had the worst diet. I was a fast food addict. I ate out five to seven times a week, sometimes multiple times a day. And once I started on a GLP1, I knew that eating at home was going to be the very best choice for me to get wholesome, nutritious food that fueled my body in the way that I needed to fuel it so that I could lose weight, gain muscle, and be as strong and healthy as possible. So, I made a choice to focus on eating protein and fiber because when you're on a GLP1, you cannot eat much. In the very beginning, you are eating a small quantity of food. Now, I do want to say that that doesn't last forever. As your body gets used to the medicine and you go on, you can eat more, but the mechanism that works in your brain is still in the background helping you make good decisions. Now, I'm over 2 years into my GLP-1 journey, and I would say I can eat pretty normal meals, but it was not that way in the beginning. In the beginning, I ate very small meals. I didn't have a big appetite. I have a rule for myself that I don't eat when I'm not hungry. So whenever I felt hungry, I made sure that I was focusing on eating protein and fiber. So what that meant is I was eating lots of lean protein like chicken breast, tuna, salmon, or I was eating artificial protein like protein shakes because I needed to get protein in my body. And then I focused on getting fiber. And since I wasn't really into eating bread products, I did a lot of berries, fresh leafy greens, just fresh fruits and vegetables that helped fill me up and taste good and add some excitement to my life. So, I just wasn't eating protein shakes constantly, having some raspberries and Greek yogurt was delicious. Having blueberries and a protein cereal or something like that, just making sure that I was adding fiber into my diet, which again helps with some of those side effects that you might get. and it was a really good way to add variety to my plate when I was still only able to eat a small amount. Tip number five would be to incorporate movement as soon as you are able. I started at 243 lbs. It was really hard for me to even just get through the day. I couldn't think about adding extra exercise. I was doing this not just to lose weight, but to get healthy. So, I knew that movement was going to be a part of my journey. So, I did what I could. I started by just walking around my block, which is half a mile. It took me over 20 minutes to do it. And I just started by doing that every day. You'll have to figure out what is a stretch goal for you. And what are you able to do? And I share that because I want you to be inspired and know that even while it seems impossible now, it is possible for all of us to figure out what we can do. And maybe walking isn't in your future right now. Maybe you just can't imagine that. But you can sit in a chair and use soup cans to lift weights. You can get some exercise bands and start stretching exercise bands. There are lots of things and thank goodness we have YouTube, we have ChatGBT to figure out different ways for each of us to incorporate movement into our day in a way that works for us. We incorporate movement not to lose weight. I've made a whole video and why I don't think exercise is a good tool for losing weight. When we're losing weight, being on a GLP1 and moderating the food intake that is going into your mouth is your number one lever that you can pull for affecting your weight. That's what you need to focus on. We focus on movement because we're also focused on health. We're building a stronger body. When you're losing a lot of weight, there is a potential for losing muscle. I am happy to say while I was losing 125 lbs, I was able to gain a lot of muscle and that is due in large part to eating enough protein and lifting weights as soon as I was able. So in addition to walking, I started lifting weights. I started with just three times a week. I was never somebody who went to the gym or knew anything about exercise. I started using my Tommo home gym because I wanted to be able to work out at home and do it in my pajamas. I started with just three days a week and 20 minute workouts. So once I had lost about 100 pounds, I really amped up my fitness and focused on strength training where I was strength training four to six days a week. And you don't have to get that crazy, but for me that was the key to really transforming my body into the look that I wanted it to have, which was a fit, muscular, lean look. Tip number six is to take pictures. If you're like me, you started a life-changing plan many, many times before, but on a GLP1, this is hopefully going to work for you. This will be the time that it works and that it sticks. So, go ahead, take a before picture. It's going to feel awkward. And take a full light picture. If you have a full- length mirror, take it in a full- length mirror or set your phone up somewhere and flip the camera around and just take yourself a picture. For me, when I was losing weight, it was so hard to see how far I'd come on a day-to-day basis. I would look in the mirror and I would feel exactly the same. And that can be kind of defeating when you're paying a lot of money for these medications, you're putting in all this work, you're eating the right foods, and you're doing the movement that you want to do so that you're healthy, and you're not really seeing the progress. For me, the way that I saw the progress was by looking at pictures side by side. When I could look at my sideby-side pictures, I would say, "Oh my gosh, like look at the difference." I could see the difference in my stomach. I could see the difference in my thighs. It just helped bring the full picture to life that I was making progress every single day. Even though I couldn't see it, once I did that side by side, it was so much motivation to keep going. And that also leads to tip number seven that you need to have some nonscale metrics for your success. So things like taking measurements. Go ahead and take those measurements. I remember I took measurements and I had a 42 in waist. It started shrinking immediately. My waist was shrinking. My arms started shrinking immediately. They had gotten so big. That was just one of the first things to go. So seeing the change in the measurements is huge. Again, it's just that motivation that you need to see that even if the scale isn't going down as much as you think it should, that you are making progress along the way. When I look back and see that I started at that 40in waist and now I have a 26 in waist, that just shows me how far I've come. Other things you can do are things like getting your blood work done. Get your blood work and see where you are as your starting point. Don't be afraid of getting blood work. I know I avoided the doctor and avoided getting blood work for so many years, but have a starting point. You can repeat your blood work in six months and it will be an amazing change. Another thing that I did was I got DEXA scan. I was able to get a scan of my body and see where my muscle was, where my fat was, what my visceral fat looks like around my stomach and then do that along the way while I was making progress and see the huge changes I was making in my body. And those are the kinds of changes that are more important than weight loss. Yeah, weight loss is going to make us look better and feel better, but reducing our visceral fat or building our muscle, those are the things that are going to help us live longer and be healthier while we're living longer. And that really was the goal for me. So, I love that I had all of that data to go into the full picture of how much progress I was making along the way. And that leads into tip number eight, that you should have a doctor or a medical professional that you can talk to on your GLP1 journey about some of these things that we're talking about today. Now, I know a lot of us get compounded medications from teleaalth companies and I have used several of them and I will say that not all teleaalth companies are created equal. I know the company that I currently get my medication from, I have never talked to a doctor. They prescribe it to me. I only had to fill out a form and they send it to me. If I had a question, I'm sure they would answer it, but I have no relationship with any medical professional. Now, I am comfortable with that because I've been on this medication for 2 years. When I started out, I worked with a local nurse practitioner at a med spot. They prescribed it for me. I had to do a phone consultation every four weeks. They would ask me about my side effects, how's it going? They looked at my blood work, things like that. And I think that that is a really good thing to have somebody who you can talk to about questions you have that are very specific to your body and your unique situation. I also have a primary care doctor and I made sure to tell them upfront, hey, I'm taking a GLP1. I got it from this med spa and I want you to do my blood work so that I can track how I'm doing along the way. They were completely happy to do that. They did not prescribe compounded medications and my insurance doesn't cover the name brand. So, I couldn't get it through them. So, they were happy to follow me and track my progress even though I wasn't getting the medication from them. Eventually, they started offering compounded medications and I did get it through them. And then I was able to go in for appointments and get seen by a nurse. But having an actual medical professional available to you is so important. And my last tip that I wish I knew is that goal weights are really kind of useless. And I don't want you to not take your shot until you figure out your goal weight because it really is irrelevant. Instead of having a goal weight, I have learned that it is so much better to have a goal life. I like to think about all the things that are going into the life that I want to have. So, at the very beginning, I was 243 lbs. I was exhausted. Every bone in my body achd and hurt. I took a 2-hour nap every day and I was so tired from carrying around all this extra weight. The life that I wanted to live was so completely different than the life that I had and it seemed so far away. So when I thought about what success looked like and I thought, okay, success would be being around 160 lbs for me. That was the comfortable weight that I could maintain for most of my adult life even after having children. So I thought, well, that will be great. Once I got to that point and I saw what was possible with a GLP1, I knew that I could go ahead and do more. I didn't feel comfortable in my skin yet. I felt so much healthier and better, but I wanted to keep going. I didn't have to do more. It wasn't like I was taking more medication or exercising more or eating less. I just had to continue doing the things that I was doing. I had to wake up every day and know, okay, these are the things I do. I go for a walk in the morning. I went around the block. I drink my water. I eat my protein. I get in fiber. I manage my symptoms and my side effects of being on this medication. I just continue to do those things every single day. And that was my life. That was my goal life. I wanted to be healthy and strong and fit. This isn't like a diet like when I did Whole 30 and I just had to make it through those 30 days and then I could go back to eating the way I used to. This is a lifestyle. It truly is the way I want to live my life for the rest of my life. So what my body does with that is kind of not up to me. I just go on about my business eating the way I do and living the way I live and my body is going to go where it wants to. So for me, while I started out with that goal weight of 160, then I got to like 145 lbs, which is a healthy weight for my height. I'm 5'4 and I started decreasing my dose because I thought I'm at a healthy weight. I was super comfortable in my skin at that point. So, I started decreasing my dose, stretching it out so that I wasn't taking as much of the medication. And I did amp up my exercise at that point because that was right when I decided that I wanted to kind of change the look of my body with weight training. So, I started amping up the exercise and instead of maintaining my weight, my body just kept losing weight. I kept going down in weight and it doesn't keep on going forever. You're not going to waste away. Most people I've talked to who have been on these medications for a long time and who have reached a maintenance weight. The body just kind of reaches this equilibrium where it works out with what you're eating and how you're moving results in a weight that is right for your body. So for me that's right around 118 lbs. Sometimes it goes up a little. I've gone uh up as high as like 126 lbs. Then I'll go down. I've been as low as like 112 lb. But for the most part, my body is really maintaining at 118 lbs easily with no extra effort. And again, I'm not eating super small amounts anymore. I've been on this medication for over 2 years now, so I'm eating pretty normally. I eat anywhere from 1300 to 21,00 calories in a day depending on how hungry I am or what kind of activity I have going on. And I think that's pretty normal. So, if you are getting ready to start this journey, I am so excited for you and I hope that these tips were helpful for you so that you can jump in knowing that nothing is going to be so hard that you can't figure it out once you're already in it. So, you just take that shot and then you will figure all these things out along the way. And I want to encourage you to have fun on this journey. I've done a lot of diets in my days and nothing has been like this where it's not like pulling teeth and white knuckling it through the days. Being on a GLP1 gives your brain the space to just live your life. Everyone's GLB1 journey will look a little bit different, but hopefully the tips I share today can help you start strong and know that you can figure anything out along the way. And remember, this isn't just about losing pounds. It's about gaining freedom and doing those small things daily that lead you to a life you love. Thank you so much for watching. Please be sure to like, comment, and subscribe. I would love if you have been on a GLP1 journey, if you would share one of your best tips in the comments. If you're just getting started and have questions, be sure to leave a comment and ask your question. I might use that as inspiration for a future video. Thanks so much for watching.

- 3 Semaglutide Tips for Max Weight Loss | Complete GLP-1 Guide | Dr. Stirrett: Kind: captions Language: en hey everyone Dr James Stewart here today we're going to be talking about semiglatide The glp-1 Agonist drug that everyone's talking about these days some people love it some people hate it but we're going to be talking today about the three hacks that I use in my practice with my patients that are currently on senegotide to maximize weight loss while also prevent some of these nasty side effects that people are criticizing some of the tide for and so let's jump right into it [Music] so for starters what exactly is simulatide so this is a drug it's an injection that's done once a week typically one to two times a week and what it does is it makes insulin receptors more sensitive if you're unaware of what insulin is it's it's the hormone that our body produces to tell our our body to reabsorb sugar or glucose in the bloodstream and what insulin resistance means is is that the body is as it's exposed to more and more and more and more sugar the body has to produce more and more and more insulin uh because those receptors get fatigued and this is how people develop type 2 diabetes metabolic syndrome and uh which we care about because we know that this causes cardiovascular problems in people and reduces life expectancy we really want to concentrate on this when it comes to the glp-1 reducing drugs like semiglottyde wegov ozempic they're all the same drug they all target this glp-1 receptor and we're able to make these receptors more sensitive so your body does not have to produce as much insulin as it once did so it helps to reverse insulin resistance so what are some of these side effects a lot of people have mentioned oh my gosh Dr Starrett there's so many side effects when I Google cemobotide and there's only really a handful side effect that I actually see in practice that's I'm not saying that it's not possible to experience other things but typically it's nausea and just people flat out not being hungry enough and along with that constipation so what's happening with semicide is it has this effect of delaying gastric emptying which means it's slowing down the rate at which food moves through the digestive tract so if you're somebody that suffers from constipation you really need to pay attention to this if you're going to start semiglottied because it's likely going to slow things down even more we're going to be talking about how to mitigate this later and how to ensure that this does not happen to you I just want to point out that a lot of my colleagues out there are totally against glp-1 drugs as a naturopathic doctor like we're like oh take herbs take herbs take supplements fix your diet be disciplined but as a naturopathic doctor I also realize that a lot of people get stuck in life and they get stuck in the stress of life and their patterns of eating and sometimes they really need something that's going to help them disrupt their pattern and there are people that challenge this drug as saying that it's unsafe um but I would argue very strongly that this medication not only has it been studied to not cause a lot of these things that um that have claimed to be like pancreatitis uh and people whiplashing their weight back all of these side effects and and negative things that are associated with this drug are really determined by how you use the drug itself and that comes down to how the provider treats you at the end of the day you know if you get put on a large dosage of the medication and you're just left alone for a year at a time then no this is probably not the right approach at all and as a naturopathic doctor I would say well you need to pump the brakes on that however when used appropriately this drug can be used as a tool so you can get weaned on and weaned off and something that's going to help increase motivation for you so you start seeing results and you start feeling motivated to make the dietary changes that are needed to maintain the weight loss that you're seeing now are there some risks associated with this drug yes of course there are we don't want to give this to anybody you know with active thyroid cancer medullary thyroid cancer other more serious illnesses those need to be screened for priority starting the medication I always tell people look if your doctor's not asking you about your medical history and they're just putting on some of the tide that's insane you can't do that beyond that we really need to check blood work prior to starting I prefer functional Labs where we're looking at all of your different hormones all of your inflammatory markers basically everything that could be contributing to metabolic syndrome contributing to hormone dysregulation we want to check for these things initially so we can really build you a great plan around weight loss and make sure that we're filling in those gaps and optimizing those things prior to starting you on a medication like this you don't want to be swimming Upstream you know injecting a medication to help you lose weight and then there's like 20 other things that are going wrong that are holding you back and you're going to just end up wondering why like oh man I guess it just doesn't work for me I guess I'm just broken when no you just didn't have somebody that was looking at the full picture and without any further Ado hack number one for using some of the tide is the golden secret is going to be fiber if you are not consuming enough fiber you're going to have big problems so let's go back take one step back this medication slows down the GI tract right if you're somebody that struggles with constipation you're going to have a problem when you start this med so what I recommend to do is is start taking fiber immediately I also love a good probiotic and drinking enough water those are separate outside of this realm but I would definitely add those in with enough fiber my favorite fiber to add in is psyllium husk fiber just simply add one tablespoon per day one to two tablespoons per day and that is usually enough to smooth things along Cokes along the bowel because one of the things that you really need for maximum weight loss is good detoxification and elimination so if you're not detoxifying or if you're not eliminating meaning you're not going to the bathroom every day what it means is you're not detoxifying these toxins that are going to build up in the bloodstream and create a lot of problems when it comes to weight loss whereas if you're constantly eliminating we don't want to overdo it but you know going to the bathroom uh two three maybe three times a day having a healthy healthy bowel movement schedule you're going to be able to offload toxins and this is going to really really facilitate uh the weight loss process you're gonna be able to lose weight faster under this scenario next number two is going to be diet we have to focus on our diet when we're on semicide you can't just inject it and hope for the best what's going to happen is you're going to lose a little bit of weight it's going to be super slow you're going to be like oh yeah this drug it works pretty good but I wish I could see better progress this is the the consistent thing that I see the patients on this drug for like three months and they've they're like yeah I've lost like five or six pounds it's going pretty well and I'm like five or six pounds in three months that you should be like Way Beyond that my clients usually lose five pounds in the first week because what we're doing is we're eliminating water weight first water weight is the equivalent to inflammation diet is what causes inflammation within digestive tract and the rest of our body so what I tend to have patients do is is we want to avoid inflammatory foods avoid things like Dairy and avoid things like nightshade vegetables avoid things like legumes these are usually the three categories of foods I won't go into too much that do cause a degree of inflammation in the body for most people again there's no such thing as a one-size-fits-all approach however I do think you should be armed with the information take things one step deeper here that's just from the weight loss perspective now from the side effect profile what happens with semobotide people have this tendency for nausea with nausea it's typically only one if the dosage is too high but more so two if you're eating too many fatty foods if you're drinking alcohol if you're eating like burgers and fries and pizza and cheese if you're eating a bunch of crappy food and wings and you're going to the bar and having foods and you're on some of the Thai it's like what are you even doing okay I mean I totally get it like we ought to live here and there but if you're consistently doing that you're going to be nauseous the entire time you're on this drug there's just no way around it and the last magic hack I have for you number three is going to be your dosage so many many providers look out there they're just going off of what the medication says online or on blogs or what these weekend long trainings for some of the title weight loss providers to do which is essentially start with 0.25 milligrams of some of the tide uh for for two to four weeks and then basically start doubling it uh every four weeks you're essentially doubling the medication until you're getting them up to like point seven five to one full milligram and or more if you're a diabetic you might need to be on dosages like this which is just fine and I'm not knocking you if you're diabetic most people that come to me are not diabetic yet they're usually like they have have insulin resistance which is different meaning that their body is leaning towards diabetes or they're pre-diabetic in any case we need to actually be able to look at the person and say what is the right dosage for you where do we start and as a naturopathic doctor I like to start with the lowest Force intervention and see how people respond and you might be like wait a minute what does that even mean well that means for me I like to start at 0.125 milligrams and this can all be achieved within a small insulin syringe you might be thinking how is that enough of the medication to actually stimulate an effect in the body and my answer to that would be you would be shocked at how many people I start on this medication and we we don't even have to increase the dosage because they're losing two to four pounds a week when paired with diet when paired with fiber when they're receiving uh coaching from myself and my team this dosage tends to be perfect we might increase it a little bit the key is there to then start spreading it out instead of in just a doubling your injection one day a week I like to spread the dosages out if it's 12.5 units I prefer to do that uh twice a week instead of bumping that up to 0.25 milligrams that has a great effect on clients because it's giving them more consistent access to that medication within their body throughout the week it is decreasing the likelihood of side effects side effects typically happen with dosage increases I've noticed after doing this with a couple hundred patients now I totally under understand what's going on when we increase the dosage we increase that side effect profile however if we're spreading it out throughout the week typically not at all or not to the same degree as if you increase it all on the same day so I hope that is helpful for you I know this has been something that's been so helpful for so many of my patients I've seen people with drastic weight change and let me leave you with this last question okay what about when you come off the med are you just gonna gain it all back and I'll tell you right now from my experience no that is not the case from the research that has been done no that is not the case although if you add a back in a poor lifestyle with not working out and a bunch of junk food of course you're going to gain weight back of course the insulin resistance is going to return however typically what I see is is that clients learn a lot about themselves in the process in the four to six months they're on this medication they typically have lost 25 to 35 pounds and they're feeling really great they're feeling motivated they're feeling energized they're feeling empowered that they know which foods cause water retention which foods cause weight gain and they know which foods to avoid doesn't mean they can't eat those Foods anymore whether it be dairy or gluten or nightshade vegetables hot sauce and all that stuff because who doesn't love hot sauce and who doesn't love pizza but you know sometimes we have reactions some people will have reactions to these foods and they just need to be limited within the diet because if you consistently eat things that are not good for you it's going to snowball on yourself it's going to cause insulin resistance from all the inflammation and that's when people will lose traction after the diet so if you learn that stuff about yourself in the process we taper you off we tend to taper people down off some of the tide and it just makes for a better transition let's just paint this picture for a second if you know in your mind you need something more to motivate you because you are just stuck in the mud and you're tired and you're feeling incapable of change sometimes you need something like Senegal tide to pull you up to lift you out and help you go onward um to just Empower you to make some of these decisions for yourself going going forward and so this is not a drug that you need to con you shouldn't condemn yourself or condemn anyone else for taking this medication it is not the low road it's not the coward's way to weight loss it is simply a tool that you can use and it must be respected now if you're somebody who's out there and you're like oh my gosh that sounds really interesting I wonder if that would work for me just go ahead there's a link in our in our description here go ahead and reach out I'm happy to have a quick conversation with you about that and see if this program is right for you with our clinic so if that's you go ahead and click the link in the bio and if you have any questions or comments if this makes you mad or triggered let me know in the comments I'd love to to engage with you and if you like this content go ahead and subscribe like this video and I will see you in the next one take care thank you

- One Month GLP-1 Weight Loss Journey + Side Effects Explained: Kind: captions Language: en I had no idea this would happen while taking Zepbound. I have been taking 2 and a half milligrams of Tzepide Zepbound for 4 weeks and the results are insane. My name's Lenor. I'm a certified nutritionist on a GLP1. I know what to do. I just need a little help doing it. The last four weeks have been a little crazy. And I want to talk about the weight I lost, the measurements, the side effects, and what I did, what I ate in order to make these results happen. And before I go into my results, whoever said this was going to be easy or this is the easy way out, they were lying. Lies, lies, lies. This was hard. Okay, but we're going to talk about that later. Here are the results for my one month of taking Turzepide. I lost a total of somebody give me a drum roll. 12 and a half lbs. [Music] Okay, so there's no way I would have been able to do that on my own. That is crazy. 12 1/2 lbs in 4 weeks. Yes, I did lose a lot of water weight the first week, but 12 1/2 lb is insane. Do you know what 12 lbs looks like? Okay, this is 10 to 15 pounds of fat. Okay, I hope I didn't lose a lot of muscle. I have been strength training, but this is 10 to 15 pounds of fat gone. Okay, so let me show you the before and after. Okay, here's my before. Okay, and then here's my after. I feel like there's a big difference. I am I'm so excited, y'all. I'm I'm 48 and I'm just tired and I just tired of doing this over and over. I am very excited with the results. Okay, so the worst part of my body, the part I hate the most is my back. And you can see there is a huge difference in that part which makes me so happy. I still have t a ton to lose but this really makes me happy. I don't know why I accumulate so much fat in my back when I gain weight. Okay, let's talk about inches. How many inches I lost. This is also the part that's insane. If you're not measuring, what are you doing? Yes, pictures are really cool, but it's also really awesome to see the measurements and to see those inches come off. If anything, at least measure your waist, like at your belly button, your hips, and maybe, I don't know, your legs. It's hard to do your arm by yourself. Um, but at least you have an idea of where you're losing. Those are the three places. Okay, I needed a paper to tell you how where I lost. Okay, I lost a total of 9.25 inches. Okay, I lost one inch off my chest, half an inch off my arm, which I really want to get rid of that. Two and a half inches off of my waist, but two and a quarter off my hips, and three inches off my thigh. Look at my thighs. Like, I have big thighs. I don't know if you saw my last um measurement. We were talking about it being like 20 something inches and I was saying like that's somebody's waist. Somebody's waist is the size of my thighs. So there's that. Okay, let's talk side effects. So I gave myself a shot in the thigh when I started. So every week I alternated right, left, right. And then the very last time I did it, I did it in the stomach, which freaked me out a little bit. Everyone says the side effects vary depending on the injection site and so I wanted to see if there was any difference. So that was the last shot I took and I did not notice any difference, but again remember this medication affects everyone differently. Um but as far as um appetite suppression, everything remained the same for me going from the thigh to my stomach and I went above my belly button. I did not have any nausea. I didn't have any bad headaches. The day after I had a headache, but I don't know if it was really the medication. I haven't had any other headaches since then. But appetite suppression is still remains kind of high. So I do my shots on Wednesday. On Tuesday, I start to feel a little snacky, which is why I'm doing it on Wednesdays so that when it kicks in, it's really good for the weekend because I am a work week der. And I will do really good during the week and then on the weekend I will eat like like I'm starving. probably because I am starving myself during the week. I do know this. So, I am all about weekend binging and so this has definitely helped with that. So, I make sure that I do it on Wednesday so that I'm not so snacky on the weekends and it's and that's definitely worked for me. Okay. So, the most surprising part of being on this setbound for me has been that it's gotten rid of the urge of my urge to drink on the weekends. I'm not a big drinker during the week. Um, but on the weekends, we always go to a Mexican restaurant. I'm always, always, always gonna have a margarita. In fact, I went to lunch with my daughter and the lady comes and she's like, "Two margaritas?" Cuz she knows me because every time I go for dinner, I'm having a margarita. And I have not had a drink in 29 days. So, I haven't gone to that restaurant. Um, I could go and I would not have the urge. I just don't eat. I would get the urge before I got there. Like I would come up with excuses to go to that restaurant. Okay, it's Friday night. I don't want to cook. Um, let's go to the Mexican restaurant. And I already knew I was having a margarita. So, this has been big for me when it comes to drinking. Um, it's just a lot of extra calories. So even when I was on a calorie deficit, like a normal calorie deficit, I just had strong urges to have a drink on the weekend or, you know, I'm in Florida, so like we are at the pool or the beach and it was just a habit to have a drink when we're outside. I can drink if I want to. I just haven't had that urge. And I'm honestly I'm really locked in and I'm trying to do all the right things to make sure I lose as much as possible. Also, when I don't drink, I sleep way better. People think that drinking helps you sleep. It actually does not. It does the opposite. You do not sleep as well. You're going to wake up feeling groggy. I mean, if you drink a lot, obviously you're going to have a hangover, but even just one or two drinks is going to make you have a lot more cravings the next day, which is why we're when we drink a little too much, we always say, "Oh, I got to eat some greasy food to soak up all that alcohol." It's not true. That's actually not true at all. It's just because we're craving something really bad. This has actually helped me quite a bit in that part because the weekends again are the worst for me. So, it's been really nice not to have any of the other side effects. I do think part of the reason that I'm not experiencing these side effects and I think it's just coming from my nutrition background is because I am staying completely hydrated. I am eating my calories. And when I say I'm eating my calories, I'm definitely in a deficit, which is why I'm losing, but I am making sure that I eat the most that I can eat in order to stay in a deficit. Um, I don't know if that makes sense. For me, I am trying to make sure I hit at least 1,200 calories where I could easily, and I'm telling you, that first week I was having like 800, 900 calories. I had to really be intentional about eating my calories. So, I again I'm I'm short. I I'm 51, 52, let's say 52. And I am older. I'm 48. The older you are and the shorter you are, the less calories you need. I also have a really, really bad history, extensive history with crash dieting. I've done a lot of low calorie diets. Any diet you think of, I've done it. And that lowers your metabolism. So, I did spend a lot of time in diets, but I also spent a lot of time binging, which is what got me here. This is definitely um a change for me, but so I am having to make sure I actually eat calories in order to keep the headaches away um to make sure I'm getting all my nutrients and of course to keep the exhaustion at bay. The the amount of people I see who are so tired and exhausted. I don't take any electrolytes because I do stay hydrated. Um, it's just this medication tends to not only suppress your hunger but also your thirst. So, you have to be very careful and make sure you again intentional about drinking your drinks. I use Crystal Light and then I just drink regular water, but I also I'm a big Diet Coke fan. I drink one Diet Coke maybe a day or every other day. Um, but I still get in 100 ounces of water. So, I do make sure that I'm getting that in so that I don't have the crazy side effects. The only side effect that I experienced pretty badly was the constipation. And I am doing the Mirillax fiber gummies and I must say I've been fine. Too much information. Okay, so let's talk about what I ate. So, one thing I made sure I did in order to eat my calories was I did eat breakfast. That first week, I didn't even want to look at breakfast. Um, but by week two, I was I felt good to go. And there were two things that I made sure I had every single day to make sure that I hit my protein. One is the Fair Life protein shake. It's 30 g of protein. And the other is the Greek yogurt, which is another 15 g of protein. So, that's 45 grams of protein right there. And I do track my food. You don't really have to when you're on a GLP one and you want to lose, but I am trying to make sure I hit my protein, my fiber, and get my nutrients in. Then I made sure to have 5 ounces of chicken for lunch and 5 ounces of lean ground beef for dinner or vice versa. But that would get me to about 105 grams of protein a day. And the rest I would just get through my sides. like quinoa has five grams of protein. Black beans has protein. Your sweet potatoes, even some of your fruits and veggies have protein in them. So, if you just make sure you're getting whole foods in your lunch and dinner, you're going to hit your 120 gram of protein. Okay? So, I'm going to list my protein sources with how many grams of protein is in each source. So, you can screenshot that. Okay? And I also have a fiber source sheet. So you can use this to pair with your protein source to make sure you're getting plenty of fiber and protein. So I shoot for 20 to 25 gram of fiber. It is a little bit tough because it's hard to eat in volume when you don't have a big appetite. So I do use the Mirillax fiber gummies which gives me an additional I think six to eight grams of fiber. And then I the rest I get through uh my grains, fruits and veggies. Now let's talk about the mindset shift that is needed to be on a GLP1 and and the lies that everyone tells you on how easy it is. Obviously, it is easier to make good choices because you don't have those cravings and all that food noise in your head. So that part, yes, is easier. But again, there is a huge mindset shift. First of all, I was just scared to tell anyone because I was just scared to be judged. And because I am a nutritionist, I I felt that even stronger. No, it's not anyone's business that we are on this GLP1. But I do think there are a lot more people coming out showing that you're not a failure for being on a GLP1. And I thought this would be a really good opportunity to help so many other people because honestly I see a lot of people out there with zero guidance, zero nutritional guidance, zero guidance on how to handle the appetite suppression, what's really needed. You know, a lot of people are starving themselves and having these crazy side effects, not understanding why. Just thinking, "Oh, I'm on this medication, so that's just it is what it is. This is what I got to do to be skinny. I'm going to have to just be bald and tired, but at least I'm skinny." And that is just not a good way to live. I I get it. Believe me, I get it. I've done some crazy things to lose weight. I've lost my hair on keto and I know the consequences of losing weight quickly. So, I want to be here to help. Even if it's just one person who watches this, I'm hoping you hear me. The other mindset shift is just losing weight quickly and resisting the urge to not eat. I never thought I would have to say that. I just have to make sure that I eat because sometimes you forget to eat. Oh my gosh. I used to I couldn't stand it when somebody was like, I forgot to eat. And now here we are. Here we are. So, I wanna I want to help with that. I want to make sure we are eating, we are fueling ourselves, that we are living a healthy lifestyle while using this tool. So, if you're considering this or if you're just starting, just know it's not easy. You still have to put in work. You still have to plan your meals. You still have to drink your water, eat your protein. This tool will make it easier for you to make those choices. This is the time to learn about good nutrition because you don't have the food monster in the back trying to get you to make the bad choice. You have it in you right now to make the good choices. This will be the time for you to learn about that and to learn how to eat healthy and live a healthy lifestyle. So if if you choose to do this the right way, you will see amazing results and you will feel good. But if you choose to go the other way and just not eat so that you can see the scale make big moves, two things are going to happen. One, you're going to have those crazy side effects and you're not it's just not going to be good. You'll be bald. And two, two, you're going to be exhausted and you're going to be tired. And I just feel like that's just a shitty life. And then what's the point, right? If the point is to get skinny, then I guess you'll be there, but you're going to feel like crap. Don't do that. Do this with me. Let's Let's do it the right way, okay? I know it's hard, but I'm hoping that we can do this the right way and do it together. Okay, that's it for now. Ciao. Make sure you subscribe if you want to see the next month and what's happening, what I'm eating, what I'm doing. And if you are on it and you're also sharing your journey, I would love to follow you. So leave your information below so we can all follow each other and do it together. All right, till next

- 1 Year of Zepbound & Semaglutide | Full Breakdown My GLP-1 Journey after Menopause: Kind: captions Language: en I started GLP-1 meds in January of this year and now it's the end of December. So much has changed. I was going to do a whole long year in review, but my voice is really horsearo. So, this is going to be a shorter version of my first year on a GLP1. I really didn't know enough about GLP1s when I started. [music] I thought that if it worked for me, I'd lose a bunch of weight really fast and then I'd go off the medication and go on about my life. I just didn't understand how they worked. And I was thinking of them like a diet drug. If you've watched any of my other videos, you know that I didn't really struggle with my weight until [music] after menopause. And then nothing I could do would help me lose weight. And the GLP1 has been the thing that has helped me lose weight and get a lot of other health things under control. [music] More about that in a few minutes. If you're new here, hi. I'm Bobby. I'm [music] a therapist and an artist and I'm sharing my GLP1 health journey after menopause here on YouTube. My voice usually sounds better than this. I'm not a medical doctor and I'm not your therapist, so I always [music] encourage you to talk to your own healthcare providers when you're making decisions for yourself. I'm [music] just sharing my experience here. So when I started in January, I weighed 210.1 lbs. I was medically obese. I had high blood sugar, high blood pressure, and high cholesterol. And [music] I started on semiglutide, compounded semiglutide through [music] the Weight Watcher Clinic because I was doing Weight Watchers at the time. In fact, it was after doing a month of Weight Watchers and not losing any weight that I decided to start [music] a GLP1. And the semiglutide worked well for me. I did struggle with constipation quite a bit. And it took a couple months for me to figure out how [music] to manage it successfully, but I did figure it out. In order to not be constipated, I had to have Mirillax every day, Maggo 7 every day. I was eating five prunes a day and then staying on top of my water and fiber. [music] The first month I lost almost 10 lbs. >> I was so relieved because I'd really been struggling with my weight. And then the first doctor appointment that I had with my primary care doctor, not with the Weight Watcher doctor. [music] The very first appointment, it was like sometime in the second month of being on a GLP1, my blood pressure was normal and my blood sugar was normal. So those things resolved way before I got into a healthy weight range. In fact, I'm still overweight. [music] My end of year weight, I haven't really done my official weighin, but [music] it's going to be around 180. So about 30 lb lost in a year. I think my biggest surprise is that it took me a whole year to lose 30 lb. There's been a lot of mindset work around that. So that now I'm thrilled that I've lost [music] 30 lbs. But if you had told me in January that I would work really hard on revising my relationship with food and exercising and then it would take me a year to lose 30 [music] lbs, I think. I think I would not have been terribly impressed. But that's how much my mindset has changed. God, I hope you can hear me. [music] My voice is really somewhere along the way. I just realized this is what my body's going to do. It's going to release weight really slowly. I also was trying very hard all year to not undereat. The appetite suppression on GLP1 ones has been very significant for me. So, it would have been easy to just kind of [music] not eat. And I probably would have lost more weight, but I I'm more interested in my health than my weight. So, I'm happy that I've been able to eat really nourishing foods and [music] still lose weight. Like I said, I'm down about 30 lbs. I'm also stronger because I've been lifting weights all year. So, that's the big overview. I'm going to talk now more about what meds I was on when and when I went up in dose and how that affected my journey. Hey, real quick, don't forget to like and subscribe and [music] share this video with anyone who you think might find it helpful. I have an email newsletter if [music] you want more from me, more behind thescenes stuff and things that [music] just don't make it into my videos. There's a link in the description below. So, like I said, I started out on compounded semiglutide and I lost 13 pounds over let's see how [music] many weeks over 13 weeks. No, I spent 15 weeks on compounded semiglutide and I lost about 13 lbs. And semiglutide the starting dose is 0.25 25 and I ended up staying on that for three months because even though after the first month I wasn't losing very much weight but I was really struggling with the constipation so my doctor didn't want to go up and then once we got on top of the constipation I moved up to.5 and I never got higher than.5 on compounded semaglutide because that's when I switched and I switched right around May when there were hearings in the courts about the big name pharma companies suing the compounded companies and I got kind of nervous. There are so many places to get compounded medication but the one I was getting it through which was the Weight Watcher Clinic they just stopped offering the compounded meds when all of that stuff started happening in the courts. I was faced with either finding another company to get my compounded meds through or just going to my primary care doctor and getting the meds through one of theies. And I elected for the latter themes even though it cost me more money out of pocket every month basically as a peace of mind thing because at the time I thought well I could get set up with another company and then they could decide to stop offering it and I could keep like jumping around. That didn't happen in retrospect. Like if I had a crystal ball, I could have just picked a compounded pharmacy and you know [music] saved some money. But honestly, for the peace of mind, I'm fine just getting the Zepbound right from Lily. [music] I'm doing the Lily direct thing. I've been on Zepbound, which is a brand of Tzepide. I've had fewer side effects on Tzepide, no constipation, and the side effects I did have were really minor and fleeting. very fleeting nausea when I first took it and when I first went up in dose from 2.5 to five but for the vast majority of the time that I've been on trippeptitide I haven't had any side effects which has been great on the semiglutide [music] in order to not be constipated I had to have mirac every day m07 every day I was eating five prunes a day and then staying on top of my water and fiber I stay on top of my water and fiber [music] anyway so it basically feels like I don't have to do anything on appetite and my [music] bowels are regular. [laughter] On Zetbound, I started at the starting dose which is 2.5 and I stayed on that for a month and realized that it wasn't doing as much for me as the.5 of semiglutide cuz I was on the lowest dose of Zetbound instead of the second dose of semiglutide. So after a month they bumped up to five milligrams of [music] Zbound. That felt wonderful. It felt like the magic dose. Fleeting day or so of light nausea and then it went away. Had no side effects. My weight loss sped up. And by speed up for me it means losing about 2/ird of a pound a week on average, but my weight loss resumed and I just felt really good. So I stayed on that until for how many weeks? I'll put it up here on the screen. I can't remember exactly how many weeks. It [music] ceased being the magic dose. and I started to have food noise and increased hunger. And so my doctor and I decided to increase to 7.5. It did the trick. And [music] that's where I'm still at 7.5. It's working great. My appetite suppression's good. I'm not having food noise and I'm [music] losing, you know, still on average about 2/3 of a pound a week. Overall, this year has been [music] transformational. I'm down 30 pounds. My labs are all [music] healthy. my except my cholesterol is still a little high. I might need meds for that. I need I [music] have a doctor's appointment in a couple weeks. And I just I feel really healthy. And that was something I struggled with after menopause. A lot of [music] things just started [laughter] going to hell basically. The other [music] thing that has happened is this YouTube channel. I started documenting my GLP1 journey pretty impulsively like the day after my first dose. [music] and I had no idea what it would grow into. I hit 5,000 subscribers recently. [music] Thank you so much. I had only used this YouTube channel before GLP1 [music] to stick some videos up here related to a online membership that I used to run around creativity and mindset issues. But when I started posting my GLP1 videos every week, things just really took off. and building this community has been a huge part of my GLP1 health journey. [music] Getting to know other content creators and getting to know all of you in the comments, just [music] the support and learning from each other, it's been really priceless and I'm very grateful for you all. And when something happens related to my health, like today I have an appointment with my dietician later, I'm always thinking like, oh, I can't wait to tell them about it. I'm curious how your year has gone. So, let me know in the comments [music] what kind of progress you've made this year and what your goals are for 2026. The biggest challenge for me hasn't been coping with [music] the effects of the medication. Like, my body's tolerated it well. The biggest challenge has been renegotiating my relationship with food, staying active, because it's really easy for me to be sedentary. And I feel like those two things come up in almost all my videos of like I'm trying to eat healthy. [music] I'm trying not to skip too many meals and I'm trying to move my body and [music] it's just always going to be something that I have to work on. I think meal prepping really helps me with the food part. I've also been seeing a dietitian and that really helps. And then for the exercise part, just switching things up. Like if I'm lifting weights, I'll switch up my plan every couple months for interest. switching things like walking outdoors, walking indoors on my walking pad, trying a weight to vest, like trying [music] new things will help me. And just making myself do it, just like telling myself it's like brushing my teeth. It's a non-negotiable. I just have to move [music] my body. Next year, my plan is just to continue on, like I've been doing, focusing on my health and fitness goals and my GLP1 health journey, making weekly videos about my GLP1 journey after menopause and the lessons I'm learning and anything that I think might [music] help you stay consistent on your own path. I think consistency is going to be my word for 2026 because [music] if I just keep showing up even though I'm showing up imperfectly, I keep [clears throat] making progress. If you have a word for 2026, let me know in the comments. I could talk so much more about how my relationship with food has changed on this medication, but I I [music] think I'm losing my voice. So maybe when I'm better, I'll do a whole episode on how my relationship with food has changed on Zetbound. [music] But right now, I think I'm going to call it quits. Okay, my friends. Happy New Year. I'll see you next week. [music] Bye.

- Five Semaglutide Tips for MAX Weight Loss | Complete GLP-1 Guide: Kind: captions Language: en would you like some tips on what you can do to maximize your weight loss on glp1 agonists like tritide and stide well I've got five of them for you my name is Dr G and I'm an internal medicine doctor in Hollywood Florida I specialize in Weight Loss Management lifestyle modifications and diagnosis and treatment of chronic medical conditions and I have five tips on how you can maximize your weight loss while you're on gp1 Agonist like turati and seatide you've decided to go ahead and take the plunge and start on glp1 Agonist medications and you're looking for what is going to be the game Cher for me I know you've already seen my video on the 11 things to avoid but here are five things that I've seen through my reading and through treating multiple patients on gp1 Agonist medications and helping through the lifestyle modifications that they need to do in order to maximize their weight loss the first thing I highly recommend is to increase your intake of fruits and vegetables research consistently shows that Americans only eat about 9% of the fruits and only 10% or 10 to 12% of the vegetables that is recommended on a daily basis I think most of us already know that we don't eat enough fruits and vegetables the question becomes while we are on medications like gp1 agonists what are the fruit and vegetables which ones should we be taking into our body the answer to that question in my practice is to eat the fruits and vegetables that are lower on the glycemic index and higher in fiber so you're going to ask me now what is a glycemic index grossly without getting into the weeds of what it is glycemic index basically means how quickly the food will drive up your blood sugars pretty simple so some of the fruits that we recommend or I recommend that my patients or my clients eat are you know apples apricots um pears plums grapes are good um grap fruit juice peaches what else tangerines tomato juice prunes pretty much all the berries raspberries strawberries blackberries cherries and cranberries these fruits are going to slowly increase your glucose um numbers as you are intaking them into your body so if you're a diabetic it's great fruits to eat versus any of the the other ones I'm going to mention on the higher end of the glycemic index and these are the ones are that are going to work great with glp1 Agonist like saglo and tritide they help you stay Fuller longer great snacks in between meals to keep your blood sugars regulated and up so you don't drop blood sugars and feel sluggish and stay on the medication through to your goal so the longer you're on the medication the the more it's in your body and you're not feeling the sluggish effects that some people get because they're dropping blood sugars and not they don't really know what to do they not getting guidance on what to eat in order to keep your blood sugar safe and you know in the range where you can go ahead and get the benefits of actually working out through a workout and not you know quitting because you lost energy so spreading out these servings of these fruits you can have almost three to four servings throughout the day not only provides you the energy it also provides uh filling of your stomach a little bit longer so you eat a little less and also keeps your blood sugar regul some more fruits that are a little bit higher on their glycemic index and you have to be careful cuz the more you take intake these fruits into your body the more they kind of counteract with the semaglutide and the tritide and also if you're a diabetic like I said before it's going to drive up your blood sugar a little bit more but these are like moderate glycemic index fruits talking about bananas more sweeter grapes um mangoes raisins figs kiwi oranges these are fruits that you can take them into your body and you know you can add them into your diet but be careful uh don't want to overdo it on these because now you're getting closer to a higher glycemic index and when we say higher we're talking about 55 there's a number system on there and 55 and lower is what we're looking for um and these are closer to like 53 54 so yeah do these a lot less than the others that I mentioned what you should stay away from are the high glycemic fruits we're talking about watermelon pineapple ripe bananas and dry dates are also one of the ones that are higher on the glycemic index so what veggies should you be doing typically the low glycemic index vegetables are the ones that are non-starchy and I mentioned three of these in my things to avoid because of the gas production but they're great in fiber content because they're higher in fiber and they're also good in the glycemic index the asparagus broccoli and cauliflower I mentioned those in the 11 things to avoid only because the gastric transit or the intestinal Transit of food is prolonged and in many people it can promote gas production which is uncomfortable or you know embarrassing to some folks but if you can tolerate them I guess you can go ahead and just take them into your body for the benefits of the glycemic index other non-starchy vegetables that are low on the glycemic index along with the three I just mentioned are artichokes and avocado you've got celery your cucumbers your eggplant plant your peppers your Tomatoes your okra your onions um spinach and kale is on there zucchini turnips are also on the non-starchy side of the vegetables the vegetables that are now on the moderate side of the glyc index would include your beets your carrots your sweet potatoes um your yams and corn of the cob now little caveat about the sweet potatoes awesome awesome substitute for folks who like to have a baked potato and also Al a form of a complex carbohydrate so yes it's higher on the glycemic index but I think that's one that you would like to make an exception because it could fill you up and also it's harder for your body to well your body takes more energy to break it down into a simplest form in order to get the energy from it so there's a trade-off on the sweet potato I think um and in fact that you could probably get away with doing that a little bit more even though it's on the higher end of the glycemic index that's basically what you want to do as far as introducing more fruits and veggies and which ones you want to do when you are on tagde and tritide or if you're just simply on a weight loss Journey or a lifestyle modification journey and want to change your nutrition the second tip is to go ahead and identify foods that are non-inflammatory or actually decrease inflammation in the body now this is a very important concept with weight loss um and also controlling of your diabetes if you're on these medications for diabetes control inflammation I liken it to a fire um if you have a five alarm fire and you got you know you got a raging fire it's pretty obvious What's Happening Here the the building is you know is falling apart you got to douse it with water or you got to take care of this immediately because this house is not going to make it pretty obvious but if you got a smoldering fire like a little small you know little something in the corner that's just just burning and burning and and it's burn maybe a little bit of smoke but it doesn't look like you know we don't have to call the uh the fire department right away we can handle this on our own this is what's going on with chronic conditions um such as diabetes U metabolic disorders um the hypertension cardiovascular disease is one of them um chronic kidney disease is a chronic condition that can have can cause chronic inflammation obesity obesity is a chronic um disease that has chronic inflammation and what this inflammation come from um many places but one of them is from our diet we introduce processed foods refined foods and these things come we bring into our body into our gut and our gut sees it as foreign and over time slowly makes these smoldering fires of chronic inflammation in our body that we don't readily recognize and we don't know that there's you know there's this reaction from our immune system that's trying to combat something our body sees as foreign and it's releasing all of these chemicals and he's releasing all these hormones and and other substances that are called cyto kindes that are coming and trying to fix and put out this small smoldering fire but all the time so finding out what foods and and identifying you know proinflammatory foods and removing them from your diet and then introducing anti-inflammatory foods into your diet is key so what are some of the major inflammatory or pro-inflammatory foods that we eat on a regular basis and we probably don't even know it got red meat meat and processed meats you got refined um carbohydrates and refined foods such as white bread and pasta and snacks and cakes that are processed um snack foods anything that has um added sugar to it in the process or making of the food or the juice or or sodas or bottle drinks and finally you know deep fried foods such as french fries Donuts uh fried chicken wings these things are pro-inflammatory to our bodies and we constantly are trying to put out this quote fire now many people are able to take these Foods into their bodies and not really have a reaction or such a you know a smoldering fire like I said um a chronic inflammatory process that is as bad as others and that is why some people end up having diabetes or end up having issues with obesity or issues with hypertension or whatever other process that comes from this inflammatory process that's been going on and over and over and over and on and on and on in your body over years and years and other folks can you know be just fine they don't have that hyper response they don't have that chronic inflammation um inflammatory response so they can absolutely take in these Foods um into their body but it's a good idea to just go ahead and remove it because who wants to find out you know at least don't do them in excess I'm not going to say you can't do them ever ever again but it cannot be a staple in your diet so what are some of the supplements that I recommend that you add into your body or or substances that you can add into your body you can put into your food if you like um turmeric is an great anti-inflammatory um supplement that you can add into your nutrition Ginger adding Ginger into your nutrition either by Ginger shots or adding Ginger into your food or you can even buy Ginger in in the pill form um Omega fatty acids are Omega oils are a great way to decrease inflammation as well um these can also be bought in the pill form as a supplement or you can just increase your consumption of fish and get the fish oils there those are three great places to uh promote the decrease of inflammation into your body but the best way is probably just to go ahead and avoid as much as you can the pro-inflammatory foods that I mentioned just a moment ago the third tip that I would like to uh let you know about that we use here in our office a lot we figure this out as time is going on about and it's not anything scientific but I call it stacking doses or basically dividing the dose over the week what we have is patients who have either increased nausea or maybe they have um constipation as a consequence of increasing the dose when they're not having appropriate weight loss that's you know the decrease and hunger effect that they should be having with the medication so it's time to increase the dose but then all of a sudden you know they have a little bit of nausea they have you know more dragging than they would like to stay on the medication so we split the dose so let's say they were on I don't know um troti 5 milligram we up to from 2.5 to 5 milligram and at the 5 milligram dose they start start to have this feeling of you know dragging so what we do is we split the do for 2.5 and 2.5 give them 2.5 on day one and wait about 3 to four days and give him the other 2.5 on the fourth day so now you don't really have all 10 at the same time because now your first dose is coming down you're halfway through that dose and now we give you the second dose so you have some overlapping there so at for a portion of the week maybe two to three days you will have you know increasing of the two doses to a level where it's more than 2.5 but not quite five all at the same time if it makes sense right then we get closer to increasing the Sati or the fullness uh effected which is what we're really after here in order to quiet down food noise so what we're trying to do is maximize the amount of medication decrease the side effects but also keep patients who want to be on the medications for a little bit longer who need to be on it while they're making the lifestyle changes so now I'm giving them the chance to have a a little bit of a higher dose than they were on before or quiet down the food noise and continue to figure out what their actual nutrition and activity levels need to be in order to get going on their or not just going but sometimes reaching their weight goals so very important that what's written in the the indication of the medication but you know you're getting the same dose per week so instead of every seven days I would be dosing some of these patients not very many patients but this is for the patients who do have an issue when we go up in the next dose to go ahead in stack doses so 2.5 and then 2.5 at four days later you've got your 10 for the week so three days later we would give you another 2.5 and then 4 days later another 2.5 so every two weeks you've actually gotten your 5 milligrams per week and then after that if we can go up then we would split the next dose we would you know we could go up to 10 milligrams and split from five and five and do the same thing if need to be so stacking doses is another tip to um promote um tolerating medication staying close to if not on your schedule for um the amount of medication you need in your body in order to promote keeping the food noise down promoting all the other secondary benefits of the medications such as fat loss and insulin sensitivity so that you can get the medication and keep the medication on board for a longer period of time in order to get everything together number four is something that we don't talk about a lot but it's absolutely a tip and something that you should do in order to maximize your weight loss in general not just on glp1 Agonist and that's maximizing your sleep studies consistently show that we get less and less sleep in this country and other countries I'm sure around the world um developed countries in general we just don't sleep enough and how much sleep are you supposed to be getting um studies say we're supposed to be getting between 7 and N hours of sleep a night wow if I mean the way we work and the way you know social and family obligations the way that happens life be life um it seems like we don't have time in order to sleep but when you're on this weight loss Journey when you're on your lifestyle modification Journey it is absolutely Paramount to get you know at least 7 hours of sleep a night this is when your body regenerates this is when your mind regenerates and Your Mind Body Soul gets time to recalibrate and your muscle mass gets to repair itself from all your workouts so it is absolutely imperative that we you know find a great sleep cycle that works for us that includes 7 hours of sleep there are many studies out there that correlated you know weight loss or weight gain with proper or improper sleep so what I'm saying is if you have improper sleep it can promote weight gain and then there are studies that show the other way around weight gain can then push into improper sleep and causes Vicious Cycles so very important that sleep is also taken into account on your weight loss journey and your lifestyle modification journey in general cuz of course when we come off these medications when we figured out the formula we want something that's sustainable so figuring out what time we need to go to bed and what time we need to wake up and how many hours we need to get average per night of course there there going to be things that happen there's lifestyle there's social obligations there are family obligations there's work obligations and there going to be times where you can only get six but for the most part you should be aiming to get seven hours of sleep if you get a little bit more right 8 and 1/2 would be a sweet spot and the last tip while you are on these glp1 Agonist medications and the thing that you should do to maximize your weight loss and keep it off is to use these medications as a tool to get your lifestyle modifications in order the things that you should be eating eliminating the things that you shouldn't and adding to your nutrition you know toolbox the foods that you should be eating in the right proportions finding out why you come to the dinner table why are you at this place right now with this food in front of you is it because you're hungry or is it because you're sad or is it because you're angry or is it because you're bored or is it because you are depressed whatever it is figure out what human emotion has brought you to this moment and if it is hunger then it makes sense and if it's not then maybe it doesn't make sense right you shouldn't be eating because you are happy you shouldn't be eating because you're sad you shouldn't be eating because you're bored these human emotions will not be satisfied by this food that is in front of you you will absolutely get endorphins released but it is not going to help that emotion at all so it is better to identify and confront that emotion and figure out what is it that's going on here why did I make this plate of food why did I go and buy this and why am I sitting in front of it right now before you consume it and decide okay well this is not appropriate you know you figure out for yourself what it is but the medications do a great job of quieting food noise so most times you know you're not as hungry as you would have been um being off the medication so if you find yourself going to the refrigerator more and more and more it's out of a bad habit and you're not really hungry why are you here why did how did I come in why is this the 10th time I'm opening the refrigerator on a Saturday I'm bored on Saturdays I got to get out the house let's go do something else go do something with the family go do something with some friends go do something alone go meditate at the beach go take a walk go to the park get out of the house uh clean up I I don't know but food is not going to help your boredom so lifestyle modifications and then activities as you quiet down the food noise you have more opportunity to you know work on the other little things that you may need to work on and mainly for most of us that means increasing and optimizing your um workout schedule and and the things that you find out the things that you do like to do with your body to burn some calories there in places you want to firm up and get your muscles right and get the body right um and be the best version of yourself that you want to be with the right lifestyle um that you can maintain for the long term especially when you come off the medications I know that many people like to um promote staying on these medications forever for weight loss I don't think that's the proper approach I think that these medications are absolutely positively um a great opportunity to use them as a tool to Aid us with the great great great concept of lifestyle modifications which can help with multiple um disease processes outside of obesity including diabetes including um some cancers including um hypertension including um osteoarthritis and arthritis in your body many many um conditions have a basis in um lifestyle modifications and how we poorly treat our bodies over time that beg get these problems that we have so I absolutely think that these um gp1 Agonist definitely definitely definitely work a lot better if you were to incorporate these five things I just told you um to get you into a better space from a health standpoint from a mental standpoint and uh from a place where you can use your body for whatever you want to use it for for a longer period of time into you know the seventh and eighth decade of your life like I've seen um across the board with a lot of patients in the literature and a lot of patients across the world who have a better hold on their lifestyle modifications with the things they eat the types of food they eat the type of nutrition they take and the types of activities there are many studies show that these people get to live a longer happier healthier life so I want that for you and if you're Jumping On The glp1 Agonist treatment um plan I think that these five things will get you the maximum benefit while you're on it so if you like some lifestyle coaching directly from me and um you like more personal tips and any tips that speak directly to your situation go ahead and comment coaching down below to get some more information and I will see you soon

- When to Increase or Decrease Your GLP-1 Dose (Doctor Explains): Kind: captions Language: en One of the most common questions I get from my patients when I start them on a GLP-1 medicine is, "How should I know when to increase my dose of my dose?" Hey, I'm Dr. Spencer Nadulski, a triple board certified physician in family medicine. I specialize then in obesity medicine and lipidology. I've overseen thousands of patients and overseen tens of thousands of patients if you include all the doctors that I've overseen over the years. CEO and founder of Vineyard, where we actually give comprehensive metabolic and obesity care online. the trials, whether it's the step trials or the surmount trials, that's for Wiggoi or Zepbound, they generally just crank them up at some sort of protocol regardless of the rate of weight loss and how they tolerate it. Some of the later trials do try to accommodate for intolerances to the medicine and they adjust it based on that. But none of them adjust it according to weight loss. So, for example, if somebody's losing weight rapidly faster than let's say 2% of their body weight. So, let's say if you're 200 lb, that would be 4 lbs per week. If somebody's losing that quickly, they're not adjusting their dose down in these trials. However, in practice, we generally try to keep them at the same dose if they are losing that quickly. I want to tell you exactly how I do it in my practice. I've overseen thousands of patients myself and overseen tens of thousands of patients if you include all the doctors I've overseen over the years. This is the protocol that we do. Now, I do want to preface this by saying there has not been a randomized trial looking at how we do it in clinical practice versus the trials that have just increased their dose no matter what. I can't tell you who's going to be doing better in the long run if you just crank people up to the highest dose as quickly as possible versus going slower. But given what we know about other diets and different types of weight loss trials, I think this guidance will give you the best shot. So here's what we do. Number one, side effects always come first. If someone's feeling really nauseous from this medicine, it would be really silly to increase their dose. Now, of course, insurance sometimes wants you to go up no matter what cuz that's how the trials were done. That's what's on the label of the prescription. However, if somebody's throwing up at, let's say, tzepide or zeppbound 2.5 millig and you go up to 5 millig, they're probably going to get sicker. So, number one is always side effects. Look at side effects. I generally do a scale of 0 to five, zero being no side effects at all, five being severe, uh nausea, throwing up, constipation, vomiting, all those different types of things. So, if somebody is a two or less on a scale of five, again, this is just my scale that I use, it's probably okay in the side effect profile. Again, it's subjective, so you can always talk with the patient to know. So, side effects are number one. If somebody's having a lot of side effects, three, four, five out of five, have that discussion. Probably don't want to go up in the dose. Again, insurance can push back, and that's when you have to write a letter, yell at the insurance, and say, "No, no, no. This person's not tolerating the medicine. Please don't make them go up in the dose." Once you get past side effects, what I look at is rate of weight loss. In general, for these medicines and in weight loss in general, we look to see about a 0.5 or 0.5% to 1% of total body weight loss per week. So, for example, let's say you're 200 lb. 1% of body weight per week is 2 lb per week. 0.5% is 1 lb per week. If you're in that range, you're going at a good rate. The reason we picked this rate of weight loss is because in general when you go faster than 1% total body weight loss per week, you do risk increasing formation of gallstones in your gallbladder. These medicines do come at a risk of increasing gallstones and having gallbladder attacks. So ideally to prevent this we would go a little bit slower at least controlled uh weight loss to prevent that. The other thing is that faster weight loss may actually increase your risk of muscle loss. No matter what the method, whether it's these medicines or if it's diet alone. So, I like to shoot for 0.5% to 1% total body weight loss per week. If you're going over that, it might be water weight in the beginning. So, in the first few weeks, you may actually increase and go to that 1.5, sometimes even 2% of total body weight loss right in the beginning. And then things slow down and even out over time. But in general, after that first month, it should be in that 0.5 to 1% total body weight loss per week. If somebody's going faster than that, don't want to go up in their dose. And in sometimes, you even have to decrease the dose if they just keep losing weight. The other thing is, how far should somebody lose weight? If somebody's already a relatively leaner compared to someone who has a lot of weight to lose, let's say the person only has a 27 BMI, body mass index, and has like 30 lbs to lose to put them in a a range where all their weight related issues go away. How low should they go? In general, I don't like to go much below 21 BMI. I've gone as low as 20 BMI. Some of my patients end up having a 19 BMI and they kind of hover between that 19 to 20 BMI. I absolutely do not go below that though and a lot of times I actually have to decrease the dose. If somebody's going lower than 0.5% of the total body weight loss per week and they don't have side effects, it's time to probably move up in the dose. The other thing to consider, if somebody's in that range of that 0.5 to 1% of their total body weight loss per week, but they're really hungry and they're probably not going to stick to that rate for the next month, we generally go up. This way, we can prevent weight plateaus before they happen. So, we always look at appetite when we're talking to our patients as well. So, they might not have side effects. They might be losing at a good rate, but they're pretty hungry. It's likely you're going to need to go up in the dose. The next thing I look at is actually preference. So, let's say that they don't have any side effects. Let's say that they're losing weight at a really good rate. And you could go either way. You could go up in the dose. You might want to stick to the dose. And the person says, "I want to stick to the same dose and everything else is good." then we're going to stick to the dose because you might as well talk to the patient and see what they prefer. If they want to go up, you're probably going to be able to go up. If they're losing weight too quickly, you say, "Hey, listen. I think we should just stick to this. You're losing weight pretty quickly." And if they want to go up, you'd be like, "M, let's talk about this a little bit more." If they're having a lot of side effects and they want to go up, you'd say, "Well, why do you want to go up? You're having a lot of side effects. You're going to get more." But in general, if all things being equal, you go with a preference of what the person wants to do. And lastly, I actually take into account cost. Let's say somebody is self-pay and doesn't necessarily have a lot of money to pay for these medicines. They're going to Lily Direct. They're paying $4.99 a month for their dose of medicine. All things being equal, I'm a little bit more aggressive about these patients because we might as well try to get a little bit more weight loss bang for their buck. There you have it. That's how I decide whether or not to go up or down or stay the same on my patients doses.

- GLP-1 Weight Loss | 10 Things I Wish I Knew Before Starting: Kind: captions Language: en If you're contemplating taking a GLP1, these are the 10 things you need to know before you start. Hi, my name is Elizabeth and I have lost 90 lbs in the past 12 months with the help of Zapbound. In this video, I'm going to share the top 10 things I wish somebody had told me before I started a year ago. Number one, it changes your brain, not just your appetite. I know now you might know a little bit more about the effects that GLP1s have on our brain, but when I started, I kind of just assumed it would suppress my appetite and that's it. I also didn't realize how much food noise that I had had before starting. I just thought everybody lived their lives thinking about food most of the time, judging themselves for having certain foods, waking up in the middle of the night stressing about all the foods they ate that day that they probably shouldn't have eaten. I didn't realize that people don't live like that. There are some people out there that they eat their food, they stop when they're done, and that's that. And they go about their merry little way on their day and don't even think about it again. What really shocked me was the dopamine hit that I used to get from eating disappeared. So before if I was bored or if I was feeling stressed or sad, my instinct was to just go get something to eat because it felt good in the moment to indulge in something. But of course afterwards, you feel guilty, you feel stressed, and you know it's not worth it. But now on a GLP1, food doesn't have that same impact on me. So I'm not reaching for food if I'm bored or if I'm stressed. When I'm actually feeling an uncomfortable emotion, I actually do something that will meet that emotional need rather than falsely trying to fill it with food. Number two, that tugofwar with food stopped. So my entire life, I assumed that it was always about willpower. I didn't have enough willpower if I couldn't stop eating when the plate was half empty instead of cleaning the whole entire plate. But as soon as I started a GLP1, that tugofwar stopped. When I was done, I was done. There was no more of that internal battle of should I finish it, should I not finish it. My body just said, "Okay, it's done." The switch turned off and I was fine. and I could go on my way and let other things, more important things, take up space in my brain and not so much of that energy focused on food. Number three, you don't crave comfort foods in the same way anymore. When I first started my GLP1, I had a very strong Starbucks habit. Every morning, or most mornings, I would go to Starbucks through the drive-thru and get an iced coffee. I live in the Northeast, by the way, and there are multiple feet of snow on the ground right now and it's freezing. And even now, I drink an iced coffee. So, no matter the weather, iced coffee was my thing. Well, when I started a GLP1, I no longer wanted the ice coffee. I stopped going to Starbucks probably for the first two months that I was on a GLP1, which is kind of funny because the person at the drive-thru knew me very well and they were very confused as to why I had been gone for the past 2 months when I finally did go back. Also, something I noticed, we live in the Northeast. Our ice cream season is very short. It's only the few months of summer. So, after we go to the beach, I would take my kids to the ice cream shop and we'd get a bowl of ice cream. After starting JLP1, I had no desire to eat ice cream. I take my kids to go and I just didn't want it. And it was so easy to say no. If I had been on a diet before and I was telling myself, you probably shouldn't have ice cream. You'll take the kids, but you shouldn't get any. I would have been thinking about it the entire time. I would have been staring at my kids ice cream, wishing that I could have a bite. But since being on a JLP1, the desire just vanished, which blew my mind. Number four, one of the hardest parts has been actually eating enough. If you've been on a GLP1, you will know that the appetite suppression is no joke, especially in the beginning while you're adjusting to the meds. There are days that it's just really, really hard to eat something. Obviously, for our health and for our nutritional needs, we do need to make ourselves eat, even if it's small things throughout the day, just to be giving your body fuel. But that was something that I really had to be intentional about. And even now, 12 months in, I'm on 7.5 and I have been for a few months. There are days that I'm just not very hungry. and I have to remind myself and be super intentional with the foods that I'm putting in my body. Number five, the scale can mess with your head. So, I am someone who has chosen to weigh myself every single day. I know that's not for everybody. In the past, my relationship with the scale has been dysfunctional at best. There would be months and months that I would not step on it because I was terrified to see the number. I would turn around at the doctor's office because I didn't want to see what the weight was on the scale. But when I started a GOP1, every time I stepped on the scale, it went down. There were months where it never once stalled and it never once went up. So every time I stepped on, I was getting like a little addictive hit of, "Oh, this feels really good to keep seeing that number go down." And that messed with my mind because the days that I really didn't have much of an appetite, I would almost tell myself, "Okay, well, you're not hungry. Maybe you don't have to eat a lot because you'll probably see another drop the next day." So, this is my cautionary tale, I guess. Try to use the scale as simply information. You're just seeing how your body is reacting. You don't know if that number is water. You don't know if that number is fat. You don't know if that number is muscle. Most of the time, it's probably a mixture of all of them. But I think in our society, we have been programmed to put so much emphasis on what that number says on the scale. So, I did have to check myself. I still have to check myself that when the scale drops, it's not the most important thing. When the scale goes up, that's not the most important thing. What the most important thing is, and I have to remind myself of this. How do I feel? How do my clothes fit? How is my mood and my energy? How are my joints feeling? How am I performing in my workouts? Those things are all metrics of my overall health and wellbeing. And ultimately, that's why I started a GLP-1 was to become more healthy. So, yes, the numbers on the scale go down rapidly and they go down frequently. If we get too attached to seeing those numbers go down, that's when we can start having a dysfunctional relationship with that number that it's giving us every day. Number six, muscle loss is real if you are not careful. So, when I started a GLP1, I had been consistently working out. Well, for years, I've been consistently working out. So, I didn't necessarily think that muscle loss would be an issue for me. Well, even eating protein, even strength training four to six days a week, I still lost muscle mass because I was probably not fueling as much as I needed, especially given my size at that point. and I was 237 lbs. And also the energy and physical exertion I was putting into my workouts and just overall um activity during the day. So if you are just starting or even if you're in your journey and you still haven't really got on the protein and the strength training wagon, I would highly highly suggest that you take that more seriously. Especially women as we enter our midlife. I'm 39. I'll be 40 this year. So, I'm definitely in that vulnerable bracket of the population where I am starting to lose muscle mass naturally. And while losing weight, it increases muscle loss even more. So, I have had to be really diligent about tracking my protein. I don't do it every day. I try to do it every so often so I can just kind of keep tabs on where my protein is sitting. And don't be afraid to rely on protein smoothies or protein drinks because there are days when that's all I could really get in. I wasn't that hungry. And the most that I could really do for some of my meals was a protein smoothie. And you can pack in berries for antioxidants and fiber. You can pack in some spinach. You can pack in chia seeds or hemp seeds. you can pack in other things that make it kind of really nutrientdense while also giving your body that hit of protein. And strength training is definitely a huge piece of the puzzle. If you haven't seen my other video, I talk about how I use chatbt to create a custom strength training program. I highly suggest you watch that video if you are a beginner and you are looking for some ideas on how to create your own strength training program to meet you exactly where you are. Number seven, I wish that I had really grasped the concept that GLP1s are a tool. They are not a shortcut. Before I started, I knew that I needed help with my body losing weight. That was obvious. That was obvious to me. But what I didn't realize was how much it actually affected my brain on a different level. My assumption was that it would just take care of my appetite. my appetite wouldn't be as high, but nothing else would change. So, the fact that it really rewired the way that my brain works, the way that my brain responds to food, the way that my brain just thinks about food in general was super interesting to me. And I felt that the first day that I took it, I took my shot around 1:00 in the afternoon, and by that evening, around 5 or 6, the switch had been flipped. And if you haven't taken a GLP1, it's really really hard to explain what that feels like. But it's almost like if you think about Sorry, it's so dry here that I have um I have cracked fingers so I have to put band-aids on them all the time. It's very attractive. Um, so if I could relate it to anything, I would it it reminds me of this voice that you have kind of playing on low volume always in the back of your head. Like think of this like really annoying dude and he's got a microphone and he's always just babbling on the background and you're like, "Will you just please be quiet?" But you can't turn it down. Like you just you don't have access to the plug. You don't have access to anything to turn him down. He's always just there blabbing. What the GLP1 did for me was it allowed me to unplug the microphone and like send him off on his way. It was gone. Just been one of the most amazing experiences to finally feel what it feels like to be someone who doesn't have that noise going in the back of her mind. So, it really is a tool. It's certainly not a shortcut. I think some people think that maybe it is the easy way out, but for me, I was always someone who strength trained religiously. I would try every single diet, food program you could think of to see if it would help me. I'm always disciplined about these things, but my body never responded the way that I hoped it would. So, when you're constantly doing these things and you're constantly putting in all this effort, but the results aren't matching the effort, it gets really hard to stay motivated. It gets really hard to stay consistent. And so, I'd hop from one thing to the next. Okay, well, keto is not really doing what I wanted to do. So, you know, maybe Weight Watchers will be a better approach, or maybe Whole 30 would be better, or maybe a microbiome diet would be better for me. maybe the heavier lifting program will do, you know, more for my body than the Pilates type workout. There were no shortages of eating plans and exercise programs. The only shortage was that my biology was not synced up. It just wasn't working the way that it could have been. Number eight, protein is nonnegotiable. I know I touched on this in one of my other things that I wish I had known. However, I think this deserves its entire own category. I know there are so many products now that are marketed as protein this, protein that, pro I mean, there's protein bagels, there's protein pop-tarts. Like, it's I saw this at the store the other day. It's wild how many food products you can inject protein into. But I do think it's important to have a grasp of what exactly protein does for our bodies so that we can be more intentional with eating it. And for me, when I know the mechanism of something or why we need to do something or why something is good for us, it makes me that much more inclined to have more of it or to do more of it. So, when it comes to protein, I want to do a quick little nutrition lesson, if you will. There are three main macronutrients. There are carbohydrates, there are fats and there is protein. Carbohydrates is like a quick source of energy for our body and so it breaks it down into glucose or sugar and it is immediately available for our body to use. That's why some people like to eat more carbohydrates before they work out or before they go on a long run because it's easily available fuel source. Fat is a little bit different. We don't necessarily have to get into that right now. But protein, protein is made up of amino acids. And amino acids are like little Legos. They literally build everything in our body. Protein, we need protein to survive. If we don't get enough protein, our body says, "Hey, I'm going to start using the protein that you already have on your body as fuel because I need to get it from somewhere." If you're not taking it in from your nutrition, then we're going to take it from your glutes or from your biceps. Not exactly in that exact way, but it's going to take it from your existing muscle stores. If you're not eating enough calories overall, your body, again, you're not intaking the fuel. It has to get it from somewhere else. So, yes, it's going to pull from some of the fat stores, but it's also going to pull from some of those protein stores. So, it's tricky because on a GLP1, it's hard to eat. I mean, that's part of what what it does, right? It lessens your appetite. And we obviously want to be getting a fairly robust amount of micronutrients and macronutrients in our diet over the days and over the weeks. So my biggest piece of advice that I wish I could have given myself 12 months ago, I did prioritize protein, but make protein non-negotiable. So no matter what I did, I would have to hit at least 100 gram of protein every single day. That sounds like a lot and it feels like a lot on the days when you don't have much of an appetite, but it is doable. And part of the reason it's doable is because we have safety nets like protein shakes or protein products that don't necessarily make you feel as full, but they're going to give you like a quick shot of that protein that your body's needing. Number nine is hair loss. I wish that I was more prepared for the likelihood that I would be losing hair during my weight loss transformation. I really wasn't prepared for this. I am someone who my entire life I've had thick, you know, I've had a full head of hair and I've never needed to worry about it thinning. I've had three children, so postpartum hair shedding, I didn't really have it with my first, but with my second two, I did. Um, but it wasn't severe. It was really just more like my hairline. And, you know, it was expected. But I started losing hair about 6 months into my process. And to be honest, it's probably been my hardest side effect. It's certainly not bad enough that it would cause me to stop taking the medication. I do think it it is worth the benefit of of the weight loss. Um, and I do know it is growing back, but it's definitely something that I was the most alarming to me and something that I'm probably the most sensitive about. The more that I stressed about it, the worse it would become. So, I really just had to tell myself as a clump was falling out in the shower that this is part of the process and it will grow back. Hair always grows back. I think when I have a horrible haircut, my hair will grow back and it's just something that I need to stay calm about. And so, that's what I've been telling myself. And it certainly is growing back. I'm still losing weight. My weight loss has slowed down. So I have noticed as my weight loss has slowed down, the hair loss has slowed down and the hair growth is happening. So I use some products. I have like a certain shampoo and conditioner that I use and a hair serum and I'm trying the topical minoxidil um that I do think is helping. I do it once at night and I do definitely see a noticeable difference in the amount of shedding since I started using that. Number 10, probably the biggest one for me. I wish I had known sooner that obesity is a disease and not a character flaw. For so long, I just thought something was wrong with me. There was some flaw that was just making me unable to be thin. And that takes a huge toll on your self-worth, on your self-confidence. I mean, I don't know a time when I wasn't thinking about my body and what it looked like and how uncomfortable I felt in it. Even when I did lose weight, there was always this sense of feeling different. And because that was my belief that I should be able to do it on my own, but something's wrong with me and I can't. When I found out about the medication, I was like, "No, I'm not. There's no I don't there's no need for me to do that because I refuse to take the easy way out. I refuse to be the person who needs to take a medication to lose weight. I'm not going to be that person. I'm going to do it the oldfashioned way, just like I have every other time. And maybe at some point it will stick. But honestly, after my third baby, I was at my wit's end. I had tried so hard after having my first child to get the weight off. And it's like everything I did, nothing worked. And I was so tired of that cycle, that unbreakable cycle. So when I get into something, I like to do a ton of research. I like to deep dive into whatever I'm focused on in the moment. So, I started the medication and I went head first into research. I read books. I was listening to leading obesity medicine doctors, whatever I could find out, not only about the medication, but just about obesity in general. And when I realized and when I found out that obesity is now recognized as a disease, not a flaw of your character, it was like there was a part of me that finally could breathe and let the weight off of my shoulders because it wasn't my fault. Now, do GLP1s cure the disease? Absolutely not. but it treats the symptoms and it manages the disease. And because of that, it is something that I see myself taking for the foreseeable future. Never say never. I may get off of it at some point, but for now, I see it as something that I will use for the rest of my weight loss process and also into my maintenance as well. But just the fact that I now know that it wasn't my fault and it wasn't something that was just intrinsically wrong with me, I feel like that takes so much of the shame away from this process. Someone has high blood pressure or diabetes or depression, do they look in the mirror and do they say, "You're such a disappointment. I can't believe you failed again. Why can't you get it together?" No. No, they don't say that to themselves. They realize biologically there's something off in their body that needs to be treated. That's what this is. That's what we're now learning that this is. And I think with time it will become much more common place for people to know and understand that this is a disease and we don't have to fight it alone. So those are the top 10 things I wish I had known before I started. But I'm curious what you wish you had known. And if you are taking a GLP1, what's been an interesting insight that you've had during your journey? If you found this video helpful, I would love it if you would like and subscribe so that this video can get out to others who might enjoy it as well.

- I lost 25 pounds in 4 months on Semaglutide | My GLP-1 Journey: Kind: captions Language: en [Rachel] Hi, my name is Rachel, I'm 26 years old and I'm&nbsp; a mother and so far on semaglutide, I've lost&nbsp;&nbsp; 25 lbs. I started in April, now it's July and I&nbsp; think it was a really healthy pace and I feel&nbsp;&nbsp; amazing. I wanted to share my experience, a couple&nbsp; things I noticed when I started the medication,&nbsp;&nbsp; number one, with the first week, my food noise was&nbsp; completely gone. I would describe food noise as&nbsp;&nbsp; like that constant nagging thought about like what&nbsp; am I going to eat, I'm hungry, should I eat this,&nbsp;&nbsp; should I eat that, I'm craving this, I'm craving that, that completely goes away and that was a source of&nbsp;&nbsp; a lot of anxiety for me was just thinking about&nbsp; food all the time, which is one of the reasons&nbsp;&nbsp; why I gained so much weight was because I had I&nbsp; thought about food all the time, I ate emotionally&nbsp;&nbsp; and I, I think I was even binge eating, you know&nbsp; eating way too many calories in one sitting, &nbsp;&nbsp; and that has completely stopped since I started&nbsp; taking semaglutide. It's been 4 months and&nbsp;&nbsp; my relationship with food has been completely&nbsp; reframed, you know food is not the enemy, food&nbsp;&nbsp; fuels my body, and I'm definitely making healthier&nbsp; choices, first of all because the medication sort&nbsp;&nbsp; of makes you more nauseous when you're eating&nbsp; greasy fried and like really sugary foods so I&nbsp;&nbsp; tended to have an aversion to that so I lean more&nbsp; towards, you know fresh foods, healthier fruits and&nbsp;&nbsp; vegetables and my body obviously loves that. I'm&nbsp; just so happy with the weight loss, you know, I can&nbsp;&nbsp; move my body easier, I can play, run around with&nbsp; my son and, and not only that, I mean I'm getting&nbsp;&nbsp; so many compliments from, from my friends, from my&nbsp; family and it feels great. For such a long time, I&nbsp;&nbsp; was, I was exercising five times a week, I was in a&nbsp; caloric deficit and I was not losing weight. I did&nbsp;&nbsp; lose like 10 lbs naturally, but it wasn't at the&nbsp; pace that I was happy about and it was actually&nbsp;&nbsp; really discouraging. Starting this medication&nbsp; has been lifechanging, it, it truly has helped me&nbsp;&nbsp; reach my goals at a much faster rate. I still have&nbsp; 25 more pounds to go, but it, I, I feel really&nbsp;&nbsp; hopeful, I don't feel discouraged, I feel like it's&nbsp; going to be much easier journey for me than if I&nbsp;&nbsp; had tried to exercise and exercise and basically&nbsp; feeling like I'm starving myself, but with this&nbsp;&nbsp; medication, I don't feel like I'm starving myself,&nbsp; I feel satiated, I feel energized, thanks to the&nbsp;&nbsp; B12 part of the compound, I feel energized and I&nbsp; feel satiated so I'm, I'm really pleased with&nbsp;&nbsp; this. There's two other inadvertent side effect&nbsp; effects that I noticed with this medication, one&nbsp;&nbsp; I noticed about one month in is, I, I suffer from&nbsp; chronic migraines and I realized that I hadn't had&nbsp;&nbsp; a migraine since I started the medication, I was&nbsp; like what? I did some research and I saw several&nbsp;&nbsp; studies, several clinical studies showing that&nbsp; the GLP1, which is what's in semaglutide is linked&nbsp;&nbsp; to reducing migraines, I'll link it below. You can&nbsp; read how the GLP1 is shown to manage headaches&nbsp;&nbsp; and other pain disorders, it's amazing. The second&nbsp; thing I noticed was my nails, so I've been a&nbsp;&nbsp; chronic nail-biter since I was like 5 years old. I&nbsp; hadn't even thought about it, but I noticed like my&nbsp;&nbsp; nails are really healthy, what's up, and I realized&nbsp; I haven't been compulsively biting my nails since&nbsp;&nbsp; I started this and there's a lot of anecdotal&nbsp; evidence showing, you know that semaglutide&nbsp;&nbsp; stops addictive behaviors like nail biting, even&nbsp; online shopping. I'm just so pleased with semaglutide.&nbsp;&nbsp; I would say if you feel like you're working out&nbsp; constantly, you feel like you're starving yourself&nbsp;&nbsp; and nothing is working and you're feeling hopeless,&nbsp; I think semaglutide is a great medication that&nbsp;&nbsp; you should consider. At Maia Plastic Surgery, you&nbsp; come in, there's a free consultation with a nurse&nbsp;&nbsp; practitioner Kristina, she goes over your health&nbsp; history, she makes sure that you're a good candidate&nbsp;&nbsp; for the medication, and then you come in every&nbsp; week and you get injected, it's super easy, the&nbsp;&nbsp; injection. I don't personally feel anything in the&nbsp; injection, it feels like a pinch the last like half a&nbsp;&nbsp; second. Some side effects that I noticed, like the&nbsp; first time I started was some nausea, but it was&nbsp;&nbsp; really easily managed when I just drink water, it&nbsp; went away and then I got like a slight headache,&nbsp;&nbsp; just the first day and then I never experienced&nbsp; headaches ever since. For me, it's totally worth it.&nbsp;&nbsp; It has been highly studied, it's been on the market&nbsp; for like 20 years, there's tons of clinical studies&nbsp;&nbsp; about it, there's more benefits than just weight&nbsp; loss so I say if you're looking to try &nbsp;&nbsp; semaglutide, go for it. So that's been my experience&nbsp; with semaglutide, read the description to learn&nbsp;&nbsp; more. You can see the study and you can get $300&nbsp; off your first 3 months with Maia Plastic Surgery. [Music]

- From Diet Culture To Obesity Care: Deb's GLP-1 Journey: Kind: captions Language: en Well, welcome to the Modern Metabolic Health podcast. My name is Dr. Lindsay Ogle and I'm a board-certified obesity medicine physician and I am so excited today because I have a real life patient um Deb who we met through Tik Tok actually and I was really interested in what she had to you know share with the general public about her experience on a GLP1. So I asked her to join me today to share um more about her experience and what um GOP1 medications have you know enh how they've enhanced her life um and what her recommendations may be for you know some patients who are considering starting a GLP1. So thank you so much Deb for taking the time and being here. >> My gosh, thanks for having me. I I love your content on Tik Tok. I think most of us on TikTok who are users of the medication so appreciate seeing actual doctors talking about this in reality and not not scaring people really talking about it as as honestly and openly as as they do and as you do. So I really appreciate it and I'm happy to be talking to you. >> Yeah. Thank you. Well, let's start at the beginning. Um, how long have you struggled with your weight and I guess you know eating issues in the past or or what brought you to starting a GLP1 medication? I think when I was really young, I was a very very picky eater and I was, you know, a twig. Um, until I was probably, you know, when I hit puberty. Um, and when I hit puberty, I I hit before my sister was a year a little over a year older than I am. And she probably didn't hit puberty until a year and a half after I did. So, it was very strange to be just turning 12. I think I was just 12 when I started to get, you know, breasts and um, you know, got hips. And now, you know, my parents, you know, parents do the best that they can, but I think they saw this and they saw this as they began to be concerned. Um, you know, when a when a kid is changing and growing in puberty, it's, you know, all different kinds of um I don't know, lots of changes and and the body changes. And they were concerned, though. They seemed to think that this was something that needed to be controlled. And they put me on my first diet. And at the time I was a little under 5'7 and I probably weighed 128 pounds. >> So not anywhere near a place that someone should be concerned. And I I realize this now, but at the time when you're living in a in a family system and the family system says you should be making some changes, everybody else is like this and you're seem to be interested in different foods now. And um they put me on a diet and I often will say that I didn't really start to get fat until I went on a diet. And that's when it began. That's when it began. It was um sitting at the table while other people were eating something and I was eating a modified version of that in you know the table was eating normal stuff and I was eating the um and that's when I started to hide food. I would um hide things. I was in, you know, in my high school class. I we did a fundraiser and I remember we did a fundraiser selling candy bars and who bought the most candy bars? I did. You know, I did really well. Yay. The fundraiser did really well. I would hide and just eat these. And and I don't even really love candy bars necessarily, but I did. And that's when it started. It was the up and down and up and down. And I would um that's when I started to actually gain started to feel uncomfortable and so I would do what I thought I should do which was restrict and then I would restrict and then I could only restrict for so long and so that started the whole cycle and it went on I I would say most of my life. Uh but every time I'd lose I couldn't lose enough to get myself to what a doctor would say you know we'd be happy if you were around here. Um, and then I when I when I would gain, I would gain way more than I did the last time. So, it was that a very typical story. I think you've probably heard it a million times. I'd lose a little and then I'd gain more and lose a little, gain more and it was just always going up. And about I want to say about a year and a half ago, I thought to myself, you just have to accept that you are going to be an overweight person for the rest of your life. this is you have to accept this. Um, I was heartbroken, but I just didn't see I fought it for so long. I did everything I could think of. And yes, I would have success. I would I would get to a somewhat normal weight. And my doctor would say, "I'm so happy. This is great." And then the next time I'd come back, she'd say, "What happened?" And I'd say, "I don't know." And that was it. And about a year and a half ago, I thought, "That's that's it. Accept it." And I was heartbroken, but I was, you know, that I'm like, you're a fat girl. That's it. >> And >> well, thank you for, you know, being so vulnerable and sharing, you know, that your experience. And I can't even imagine um at the age of 12 when you said you were 5'7 and 120 something pounds which is definitely not overweight but um and your body was going through puberty and having natural and healthy changes and so I mean you were starting to look different than you did before but that doesn't mean that you weren't healthy but with that change um I guess you know triggered um your your family, you know, thinking that they were doing something to to help you and putting you on a a diet and it sounds like the doctors that you were seeing too also encouraged that. Um, and then that really, you know, set you down this path of chronic dieting and, you know, the weight fluctuations which can be both emotionally, um, challenging and triggering and, you know, it can lead to, you know, mental health um, conditions and struggles. Um but also it can affect you metabolically and then make it you know even more difficult to maintain um your weight long term. Um and like you said that you are definitely not alone um in going down that path. That is extremely common. Um and and a difficult thing to manage. Um it sounds like for for decades then. >> Oh yeah. Decades. Decades. Yeah. Um because excuse me um edit. Um yeah, I just uh I just hit my Medicare birthday and so if I was get becoming I was about 12. It's been you know 50ome years. >> Wow. Yeah. >> Long time. >> Yeah. Yeah. My whole whole lifetime almost. Um, >> what has been the difference between all of those diets that you've been put on or that you put yourself on in the past over the the 50 years compared to your experience being on a GLP1? >> It's night and day. It's like I've I've used the analogy of Dorothy walking out of sepia uh Kansas into Technicolor Oz because um I it is a different world to me. um this medication I was a relatively quick responder not terms of weight loss but in terms of having a different experience in my body once the medication started. I'm on Zepbound and I'm on two I started on 2.5 and with 2.5 I know it's a loading dose I was feeling it within days. Mhm. >> Um, I remember when when I first started hearing about these medications, I didn't think I was sick enough. I thought this was for very sick people there, you diabetes. And um, I was always a person who kind of carried my I I seemed like I was a big girl. Um, and my doctors never said, you know, this is dangerous. This is dangerous. And so, I didn't think I was sick enough for the medication. And and then I started to hear things that made me think, well, maybe I don't need to be that sick. Maybe I could. And so when I when I did start to use it or when I did start to hear about it, I remember the first time, I had no idea what I heard, you know, in in one of these articles that I read something about food noise and I knew exactly what they were talking about. I had never considered that what was going on in my life of the constant thinking about food of the feeling that I mean I used to say I felt like I was a bottomless pit. I could I could out eat anyone. I really felt like I could out eat anyone. I never felt full. And I would go to meals with friends and I would see I'm a slow eater and I would see people saying, "Oh, I'm stuffed." And they'd push their plates away and I'd think, "Well, I guess I have to stop now because" And so I being a slow eater, one, and two, being uh, you know, always feeling like there was always more, I was never full. So, I'd go out to eat, I'd be thinking about where I was going to stop on my way home because I obviously hadn't eaten enough. Um, and there was no such thing as enough. When I went on the medica, when I went on the medication, the food noise just like immediately, like within days, I realized I could go to the grocery store and I wasn't negotiating with myself about which aisle I could or couldn't go down or what I could or couldn't. I was just getting what was on the list and I wasn't planning my outings for stops along the way. Um, and I was having satiety. I would stop eating and I think, "Yeah, I'm good." Like, who who am I? I did not know who this was. And yeah, it's been night and day. I mean, I could talk about it for hours. There's so many examples, but that probably gives you an idea of what it what it's been. Yeah, I I appreciate that. And I also have several patients who respond very well like you did at that quote unquote like starting dose or loading dose um at you know for zeppbound the 2.5 or we go v 0.25 and sometimes people never need to go to higher doses. It really is individualized and I always emphasize that. Um, if you're seeing somebody who is making you follow like a titration schedule, >> regardless of how you're responding, that's not the right person you should be seeing because everyone responds differently to every treatment that we offer, you know, in medicine. And so, you should be on the dose that's working for you than that you tolerate. And for some people, that's that starting dose, and that can be their maintenance and treatment dose. And and so I I do see that. And then I have some people who don't experience what you're describing until they get to higher doses. And that can also be really discouraging because um heard that. >> Yeah. And you can feel like it maybe this won't work for me. Um and it it doesn't until we find that that dose um that that does work for that person. So it's all individual. >> Um I also >> it did Oh, I'm sorry. It it did eventually after I think after about three months I started having food noise come back a little bit and I felt a little bit. So I did I did go up and I'm now u I'm almost eight months in and I'm on 10. Mhm. >> So, I have had to go up and every time, what's fascinating to me is every time I get to the point where I have to go up and food noise comes back in or I get a little bit more like I feel a little bit more hungry or I'm thinking about food a little bit more, I'm not as satisfied. I turn it back in on me like you're not working hard enough. >> You have to Why are you doing this? Why are you doing this? And then eventually I'm reminded, oh wait a minute, this is the disease >> and the medication is has hit its wall and it's time to go up because the natural tendency is to think I'm doing it wrong and you know I have to work harder because that's what it always was. It was always you got to work harder. You got to knuckle it. It's like oh wait a minute that's what the medication is for. the medication does what the medication does and it's time to go up. So, it's been that's been a great learning thing, too, just to notice how I respond when it starts to even if after a week I start to get a little bit, you know, I'm getting close to the the shot day. I I find myself a little bit, you know, thinking about it a little more, a little munchier or whatever. Oh, okay. It's almost shot day. you're not a bad person, you know, >> right? I'm glad that you brought that up because that's the difference between diet mentality, which is all about, you know, like you said, white knuckling it and the amount of effort that you're putting in and restriction and just the, you know, the number on the scale or the calories that you consume that day versus treating a chronic medical condition like obesity is. And you know if you're having symptoms or that are not controlled or you know things are progressing or taking a step back then presenting to your doctor or whoever is helping you you know on this path a dietitian and letting them know what you're experiencing and then they can adjust the plan for you. Um because those are two totally different approaches and will get you in a completely different place ultimately because if we're treating it like our other chronic conditions and we're keeping health um at the focus then you know it it takes it does still take time to get there but you you will get there. Um, and for all of my patients and um, you know, sometimes myself in general, it's hard to like diet culture is so pervasive. So, it comes back in and we do have to like reprogram our brain to get away from it and um, and and keep that I guess like chronic disease mindset at hand. >> Yeah, it's so easy to flip back into that. I spent most of my life in that. >> And even though I'm, you know, I I eat a lot of really great food, but I still eat a lot of stuff that I would, you know, a friend of mine said to me once we went out to eat and she said, "Can you eat that?" You know, I was having a like a a a vegetarian Reuben. It's a, you know, um, basically it's cheese and sauerkraut on a grilled rye. And I and she said, "Can you eat that?" And I said, 'I can eat anything I want. I just want a lot of things less and I want a lot less of a lot of things. So, it's just this thing is magic and can I'm not dieting myself into this healthier life. And if it takes me a really really long time, that's fine. As long as this thing is not, you know, constantly telling me to and I'm not like this, >> I don't care. I feel free. I feel freedom. >> Yeah. And that's what I was going to mention earlier because you stated that you felt like you were not sick enough. Um, but yet the what what you were describing was like was suffering. It sounded like you were suffering in your in your mind. and you know constantly fighting that food noise and you know that chronic dieting and um these medications can help manage that and can can treat that you know the the brain side of things and can provide that freedom and I've heard many many people say like even if I never lost any weight on the medication it's worth taking it because of the freedom and relief that you get. Um, and I always like to talk about like when you aren't having to constantly think about dieting and restriction, then your brain is free to think about other things and you can enjoy, you know, your life so much more. So, I'd love to hear what your thoughts are about that. I absolutely Oh my gosh. It's um I feel like the majority of my attention in my life, even if I was doing something else, even if I was at work doing a job, even if I was with my family having conversations, it was always there. And so, you know, you said I didn't how I was saying I didn't think I was sick enough. That was because the world told me that I wasn't sick. I was weak. >> People told me I couldn't. You know, you just didn't have the tenacity. You didn't have the willpower. You didn't have the strength. And I would do I mean, it's something that I've learned since from all of my the community members on TikTok. There are so many of us who were accomplished in so many ways in our lives and yet we thought we were failures because of this one thing. This one thing negated all the other accomplishments or at least diminished the other accomplishments and they diminished mine. But they also diminished my capacity to be successful. I didn't there were certain things I didn't even throw my hat in the ring for because I was so ashamed of how I looked or how yeah mostly how I looked. Um I wouldn't throw my head in. I wouldn't try for things. And now I'm amazed at the capacity I have to try new things that I'm not even giving a lot of thought to. I'm not saying, you know, I think I want to do a thing and this is how I I I started I now have a Sunday live that I do where I interview members of the community. And it started just because I was curious. I was curious about members of the community. I wanted to find out more about them. And so I started inviting people on a live as individuals instead of big group lives and things like that. And and now it seems to be a bit of a thing. It's not a huge thing. It's the thing, but it's and and it's not because I planned it or I said I want to do this because I want to grow my reach or I want to work. I was like I want to know people >> and now I have a and that's the capacity. I mean it's just the capacity to follow my curiosity and to nurture that curiosity and to be open to what unfolds because of it. I didn't have that before. I didn't have the space. I was too busy thinking about you shouldn't have this, don't have that. Well, maybe you should plan this. Don't don't even try that. Nobody would want you because of how you look. >> It's like heartbreaking. >> Yeah. >> Heartbreaking. What a waste. >> What a waste. Spirit and energy and all that. >> Yeah. Yeah. Heartbreaking and exhausting. Um absolutely. Absolutely. Um, and I know so we're both on TikTok like we talked about earlier and that's how we connected. I started uh social media like for from a from a professional standpoint to educate more people because there's so much misinformation out there. And I read an article one time where like it's like doctors we c we can't complain about the misinformation if we're not going to put ourselves out there and then try to you know combat it with accurate information. So I view that as a call to action and got you know put myself out there. >> So glad you did. >> It's been scary but but it's been fun and I've met so many people like yourself and like you're describing that you've connected with so many people in the community. Um, I've also learned a lot from, you know, people sharing their experiences that sometimes either my patients don't tell me directly because they're nervous or ashamed or, you know, maybe it's a different patient population. I'm not quite sure. But one of the things that um I learned because you were mentioning it that somebody, you know, people were mentioning to you that they were taking or considering taking a break from their GLP-1 medication during the holidays. Um, right now the holidays are are past us, but I still think it's relevant for anybody who maybe is planning a vacation or has, you know, an event coming up that previously would be a time when they would, you know, maybe overeat or use food to like that was the highlight maybe of of that event or that vacation. Um, and they're maybe nervous about not having that option or maybe getting sick if they do overeat. Um, I I'm cur I know you gave some um recommendations in that video that I um commented on, but I'd love to hear, you know, you now kind of reexplain your thoughts about that or what's been your personal experience um with, you know, in that situation. >> Uh I I saw a lot of people posting about this as well. Um, but what what I felt when I first heard somebody say, you know, I'm going to take a break. And I thought break. Why would we take a break from this thing that has changed the way we think about food? I mean, I would be at a meal, a family, like this was happening around Thanksgiving, I think, is when it happened. And I would be at Thanksgiving and I would just constantly be thinking about um I want more of the potatoes, but I only want the potatoes with gravy. And if I did, did people see me put that some on my plate or should I put it can I put some more on my plate or what do I do? And can I have some of that? And I'd be watching other people and I'd be like they don't have as much on their plate and I my mind would constantly be surveying the room or oh I'm the biggest in the room or what all that stuff. Why would I want to put myself in a position where the freedom that I have now, I can have everything I want. I can have every single thing. If I go on a vacation, um I can have what I want. I can go I mean I I haven't go on a cruise, but I know somebody who went on a cruise and they said they weren't going to take and you know why would you just you could have every a little bit of everything on the cruise. Doesn't matter. Have a little bit of everything. But this is the other thing is is okay there's there's the why would you not want to be free the freedom to have whatever you want but not eat as much. Okay, that's one. The other to me is this is medication. This isn't a tool to help you diet. This isn't a tool to continue on with the whole diet culture thing of like eat less, move more, which of course we do in a way with these things. We do eat less and you know moving is good and so we start to have capacity for that. But this is a medication. Why would you you wouldn't stop taking your beta blocker to what? Enjoy something. wouldn't stop taking your inhaler with you because it will be more fun to not have your inhaler with you. You know, it's this is medication. What are we We've somehow and it's it doesn't surprise me that we collapse it with diet culture because we are most of us who are on this medication are losing weight. And so we think of it as like, oh, yay, it's, you know, and people talk about, oh, I've lost this much, or isn't this great? I'm, you know, hitting my goal. But that's not all that it's about. We want to get healthier. We want to be well, and this medication helps us be well. I I don't understand why you wouldn't take medication to help you be well and to continue to have that freedom. That that was just my take. >> Yeah. Yeah. I love that. And like we talked about before, it's the it's really highlighting the difference between that that diet culture and in treating a chronic condition. And I myself have definitely used the term like like Gopthon medications are a tool. And I've had some push back from people before about that. And I I do I'm starting to see that more actually, especially now when you're describing that that it's probably not the best terminology to to use because it it it is so much more than that because I think when we do describe it as a tool that does still support that diet mentality that it is all about restriction and moving more. Um so and I really like analogies. I'm going to have to think about another one or just you know call it what it is. um chronic medication. Um >> but I think it is it it also is kind of a tool. It's a tool to help you like get I mean it it I don't know maybe it's not maybe it isn't. I use the term tool too sometimes >> but maybe not so much because it's not a tool for dieting. It's a tool for for helping to stabilize your chronic condition. That that's what the tool is for not for the diet. >> Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. We got to play around with that one maybe. >> Yes. Let me know if you think of anything. Um for sure. For sure. >> Um or a tool to like just Yeah. enhance your life, expand your life like we were talking about before and and um you know, taking out the focus of food and focusing on you know, the enjoyment of being with loved ones or you know, exploring and traveling and just like really being present. um like you were describing before. >> Um I'm curious if anybody is considering a GLP1 or maybe they, you know, get coverage this year and they're going to be able to start the medication finally. What would be a piece of advice that you have for them or something that you wish you knew when you, you know, before you started? >> Well, a few things that I think um I wish I knew. One is that you shouldn't compare your experience with other people's experience because everybody is different and everybody is going to react differently to this medication. And so as long as you do what your provider, your doctor says, um, and you're taking the medication and you're, you know, everybody will say, drink a lot of water, you know, focus on protein and fiber and those sorts of things. Absolutely, those things. But when you compare your experience with somebody else and you compare based on the number on the floor on the scale that is just to me that's that's something to like really practice um moving away from that um and really thinking about your own experience on a on a day-to-day basis of what is different for me. I'm a big journaler. I encourage people to journal. I think noticing what the what the milestones are in the experience like oh I didn't have food noise today yay that is great but it doesn't have to be about comparison and the other thing that I would say is um you know the body may move faster than your head can catch up. Um, as a matter when I was getting dressed this morning, I'm wearing like a little um like a little shell underneath this shirt and I put that on and I was, you know, tucking this thing in this shirt over shirt on and I looked and I went, "Who is that?" Like, I didn't recognize my body. My body has changed, but I still feel like the person of 20, 30, whatever pounds ago. It's going to take a while for the head to catch up. And I think sharing your experience, being being among other people who have a similar experience, the Tik Tok community is great. I'm sure there are other places for it. I was never on Tik Tok before this. I found Tik Tok because there were people who were talking about this and I was looking for people who were talking about it and I went, "Oh geez, I got to get on Tik Tok now." Here I am. you know, but I think finding a community of people that are talking about it that you can hear and recognize that you're not the only person going through this and the only person who body is going faster than maybe your brain can catch up is is a is a helpful thing. And again, I say journal it out because I think that's wonderful. >> Great. I think that's an excellent piece of advice that doesn't get talked about as much as not comparing. Um cuz I see that really getting in the way of a lot of people enjoying the success that they are having that I can see that they're obviously doing so well but they often automatically think that they're not doing well because somebody else um I guess at least looks like they're having success at a faster rate. Um >> right some people some people you know start to lose really really fast and other people don't have any you know um loss or they still have food noise in the beginning. It takes a while with some people and some people have to change medications. You know, they start on SEMA, they didn't Sema doesn't work. They tried you know it's it's all um you know the the one thing I remember hearing is is you didn't fail. Sometimes the medication isn't the right one. >> And so to be open, you know, talk to your providers, talk to your provider, talk to your team, >> you know. >> Yep. Yep. going back to that individualized approach um because everybody is is different and unique. >> Great. Well, thank you so much, Deb, for taking the time and also for being so vulnerable and sharing your experience. Um I'm sure people are going to want to find you on Tik Tok. So, I have your handle um in the, you know, notes below so everyone can get out and follow you and join you on your Sunday lives. >> Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. I love to talk to people. I love to meet them. So have them come on. Yeah, absolutely. And I just want to thank you because I think that what you're doing is so huge and having actual doctors, obesity medicine specialists who are sharing the reality um is just so helpful. We're so happy to have you um out there talking. I know that I'm not the only one who follows you and just loves seeing you come out with with your content. It's It's really helpful and we so appreciate it. I I should just say I appreciate it, but I know a lot of us appreciate it. >> Oh, well, thank you so much. I really appreciate it.

- My {FULL} GLP-1 Weight Loss Journey (with pictures!): Kind: captions Language: en All right, let's get comfortable for this one. It is going to be a long video, but if you are here, that means you want to know my story of how I've lost 75 lbs with the help of GOP medications. I'm going to go back to the very first day when I started taking these medications, why I started, how I got started, all of the details, the side effects, the ups, the downs. We're going to talk about all of it in this video right here. So, definitely get comfortable. Grab something to drink and let's get into it. First of all, I want to say a huge thank you because I had a video that is for me going viral. It has over 3,000 views and I've gotten over 60 new subscribers on this channel. This channel is a new tiny channel. I've only been here for about a month and the fact that you guys are here commenting on my videos, supporting my journey means the absolute world and I still just can't even believe it. So, thank you. I appreciate every single one of you. But one of the questions that I was getting quite a bit is just wanting to know more about my story. I have not posted like a full story on this YouTube channel. That's what I'm going to do today. But I wanted to say a huge thank you first because it is so exciting. Building a community on this channel is why I'm here. I want to find other people on the same journey as me. So if you are on a weight loss journey, please comment down below and let me know. If you have your own channel, I will come and support it as well because we are in this together. Okay, let's go back to March of 2023. So, two years ago, I was 258 lbs. I remember it was my spring break and I was just beating myself up constantly. All of my conversations with my husband were about how unhappy I was with my weight. I wasn't happy with what I saw in the mirror. I had tried very hard to just come to terms with the fact that I was going to be obese the rest of my life. In January, we had gone to Las Vegas and we went to see a concert and I got all dressed up and I felt good, but I didn't feel confident and it had just been eating me up. We were having a conversation one day and we had always heard about this weight loss clinic called Red Mountain Weight Loss, which is in my local area. My husband had said, "Hey, why don't you go ahead and head over there and see what they can do?" And this was not about him wanting me to change. It was just about him seeing how unhappy I was and supporting me. I I told him, "We can't afford it." And he said, "We will do what we need to do to make you happy." So, I walked into that clinic. It was Friday of spring break. And that's when I was introduced to semaglutide. And they actually had some glutide at Sublinguals. I don't know like they're not very big right now. There's not a lot of companies that offer it, but it was essentially just this little pill that you would put under your tongue and it would evaporate and you had to do it every single morning. That was the first time I had ever heard of these medications. No one had mentioned them before. I wasn't really on Tik Tok or social media in that area to where I was getting any information about GOP medication. So for me, sublingual was what it was. I had no idea what it was. So I signed up immediately. And on March 29th, I took my first sublingual. I had no idea what was going to happen. I had gotten home that night though and I'd gotten on social media. I got on TikTok. I searched up GOP1s. I searched up some glutide. And by that point, like I had a very good idea of what these meds could do for me because I had found other people who were already taken the medication and who had already lost weight and were already like celebrating victories. So by this point, I am so excited. I have all this hope in the world. I thought like I I was like my life is about to change. But in the back of my mind, I was still very hesitant because first of all, I'm terrified of medication in general. I've never been someone who could just like take a medication without having anxiety. So, I was already like really but I had decided that this was it and I needed to do something and if it wasn't going to be this, if these were not going to work, then the next step would be surgery and that terrifies me more than any kind of medicine in the whole world. So, I didn't want to go down that path. I knew that these were working for other people. So, I had pretty high hopes. I took my very first sublingual on March 29th and then I switched over to injections a month later. So I did the sublingual for one month and quickly noticed that it was working. I had lost 9 lbs and for the first time felt like this was real. The food noise disappeared almost immediately for me. I know for other people it takes longer, but for me that food noise diminished really quickly. I was able to start making better food choices almost immediately. So, by the end of April, I had gotten down to 249 lbs. And I was shocked, not just because of the weight loss, but because of the way that my brain felt. The food noise, the constant thinking about food was finally just gone. I didn't even realize that it was there until I realized it wasn't. I could eat a normalsized meal and move on. I wasn't overeing. I wasn't eating too much and I was not snacking all day long anymore. It was the most freeing feeling that I had ever experienced. But with the freedom came side effects. I started experiencing sulfur burps really quickly and diarrhea. Both of these are side effects that are very hard to manage as a teacher. So going to school, I couldn't like just excuse myself from my class anytime I needed to run to the restroom. So these side effects were not fun for me, but they were not so uncomfortable that I was willing to stop the medication. Instead, I just couldn't continue to dose up. So I did the 0.25 millig dose for that 4 weeks. I went to 5 millig. That's when the side effects kind of started, but not drastically. Once I moved above that 5 milligram dose, closer to the one milligram, that's when the side effects started hitting. So, I ended up going back down to 0.5 milligrams. And that's pretty much where I stayed the entire time, battling a little bit of the side effects, but they weren't so bad that I couldn't go to work. By September 14th, I had hit 223 lbs. But then I stalled. And I was planning and preparing for a vacation. We ended up going to Hawaii and I took 3 weeks off of the medication which I think really played a role in that stall and I didn't see it at the time. So like at the time I thought it was the medication. I thought it wasn't working anymore. But looking back and knowing everything I know now, that stall was mostly because of the break that I took to go on the vacation and then coming back and getting back on the medication. It was just taking a little while to start again. I I think I just freaked out and everyone was talking about tepatitis so much better. It has a GOP1 and a GIP and the grass is greener on the other side. Come, they were all calling me over, come to the tepatide side. And my ADHD brain can't handle stuff like that. If you tell me there's another thing that I can try, I'm going to jump before I think. Right? like my impulse control is negative a thousand. So I jumped and I switched to church appetite thinking things were going to be magically 100 times better even though they were fine on some of glutide. I will forever go down in history telling you guys that some glutide is just as good as tepatide. I lost most of my weight using some glutide and we'll learn more about that through the rest of the story. But if you are thinking about starting these medications, I tell everyone to start on semaglutide. You don't need to pay the extra money for ters appetite. Semaglutide is an amazing medication, guys. 1.9 lb. I lost 2 lb the week of Thanksgiving. The week of Thanksgiving. So, sometime around November 17th, I went ahead and made the switch to Cheers Appetite. I was 220 lbs when I made that switch. By January 1st, I was 215 lbs. So, 5 lb loss. I just I'm having a bit of a moment here because I am in an oversized sweater and leggings and I feel good. I feel beautiful. I feel I just feel so good. I'm going to show you guys. I was like in my mind I had convinced myself that this 5 lbs was so much faster and tzepide was actually better than some glucide. I was also on the baby dose of tzepide. So I was on 2.5 milligrams and I was losing that weight and it was coming off and I was having zero side effects and I was like okay tzepide might be better. I'm not having the sulfur burps and I'm not having the diarrhea. But what I didn't realize or what I couldn't put together in my mind was that yeah, I was on the baby dose. When I was on the baby dose of some glutide, I didn't have side effects either. They were non-existent. They didn't come until I do up. So guess what? When I started to dose up on tzepide, guess what returned? The sulfurbs and the diarrhea. Now I will say that they are less severe on tepatide than they were on semaglutide and to this day my side effects are less severe than they were on semaglutide but not by enough to make a huge difference. What I will say though is that I was much tiredder more tired I was much more tired on some of glutide than I am or ever was on tzepide. So, when I did make that switch to church appetite, it was like this energy switch and I was able to stay up late again and I wasn't in bed by 8:00 p.m. and passed out. Like, I was able to stay up and do more and get more done. So, when I am looking at the differences between the two, that is the biggest difference is the energy level. But I think that that can be fixed by just adding a really good supplement routine in with the saglutide and that wouldn't be a problem. and you can save money. So, I started 2024 at 215 lbs and then on April 20th I hit wonderland. So, it took me 4 months to lose 15 lbs. Again, not drastically slow but pretty slow when you look at everyone else. And that's the thing is that I was on social media. I had started sharing my journey over on TikTok from like day one. From the very beginning, literally March 29th, I had shared a video about starting the medications and I had started growing and I had grown quite a bit. Like I was over I think I was I think I had hit 10,000 by that by Wonderland. And it was pretty exciting. It was fun. People were commenting. They were pumping me up. They were cheering me on. I had this huge support system at home and at work and at on social media. Like everyone around me was like engulfing me in compliments and making me feel really good. So even though that my weight loss was very slow, I had such a good support system that it didn't matter. And actually in the entirety of 2024, I only lost about 22 lbs. The entire year. The entire year. But 2024 was this year of like me. It was this year of figuring out who I was and who I truly wanted to be and the year of fashion and the year of just feeling good in my own skin, wearing what I wanted to wear. Looking at myself and being happy with what I saw, finding people and meeting people in this community, finding other women and other men who are on the same journey as me. And that's where it just kind of switched for me. It wasn't about the weight loss. I mean, it was, don't get me wrong, it was about the weight loss, but it was about everything on the way, too. And even though it may take me an entire year to get to my goal weight, that's okay. I'm okay with it because of where I'm at today and where I was 2 years ago. It's a drastic difference in my mental state. A drastic difference in the way that I feel, the way that I look, and that's enough. I ended 2024 at 193 lb. Today, I'm 185 lb, which means that I've lost 8 lb so far in 2025. It's going to be another slow year. I have about 30 lb to go. 35 to be exact. My goal weight is 150 pounds. I don't know if that's going to change. I don't know if I'll want to go lower. I don't know if I'll be happy at 160. I don't know. I feel like my future is wide open. Where I want to be, what I want to be at is just kind of in the works. I know that I want to continue to lose. I am not at my goal weight right now. I know that. And I am so excited about sharing the rest of this journey with you guys. Starting a YouTube channel is something that I've wanted to do for so long. And having this community already within my first month and people commenting on my videos and people cheering me on and sharing their journeys with me and being vulnerable with me makes starting a YouTube channel 100% worth it. 100% worth it. I am so excited to be here. I'm so excited to share the rest of this journey with you. Answer any of the questions that you have. We're gonna do like cool fun things. Like I would love to do more of like fashion tryons, like losing the weight, you know what I mean? Like more of like we're gonna we're gonna talk about the weight loss, but I'm going to show you like my favorite things because of the weight loss. So everything in this channel is going to be weight loss related. Don't worry, I'm not going to start doing makeup videos. I'm not going to start doing beauty videos. It's going to be very much geared around my weight loss and about feeling confident in my skin because that's what I want for you, too. That's what I want for all of you. I want all of us to get to that point where we are just happy with what we see in the mirror. When we go to the store and we buy clothes, we're happy with what we buy and we can buy things and we have all of the clothes and we have all of the things that we've always wanted because we deserve it. You deserve that. So, to finish things up, I just want to let you know that I am on turepide currently. I am on about a 6 mgram dose. I think next week I'm going to dose up to a 7 milligram dose and try to get up closer to that 10 milligrams. I don't know how close I'll be able to get without having the side effects that I'm too uncomfortable with, but we will see how that goes and I will continue to update you and take you along for that journey. I'm hoping to see the 170s very soon. I have not changed my eating habits from before 2 years ago. I still eat the same things. I eat the same meals. I just eat a lot less of it and a lot less frequently. I'll usually eat twice per day, two solid meals, and it's usually not the most healthy foods. I will start posting more what I eat in a days because I know that's super popular in this particular niche. So, definitely I will post some what I eat in a day so that you can get an idea of the things I'm eating. I may do like a full week of dinners or something like that. I don't know, like fun things. I have all these plans and I can't wait to share that with you. If you have anything particular you want to see from me, please let me know. I am starting a list. I am creating things. I would also love to do like a big Q&A episode. I just have to have enough questions in order to have a Q&A episode. So, in the comments down below, ask me anything and everything that you want to know. List out a bunch of questions. I would love to do a Q&A episode. That would be so much fun. If you've made it this far in this video, thank you so much for being here. Truly sharing my story has been one of the most rewarding experiences of all. Knowing that other people have started their own weight loss journey based off of a video that they've seen of me is life-changing. I am an open book, so ask me anything. And if you're still on the fence about starting your own GOP journey, I need you to know that you are worth it. Whether it's fast, slow, messy, or smooth, you're worth taking care of. If you are ready to get started, I will link down below who I use to get my medication from. The tellalth I use is Amble, and they have the most affordable prices you are going to find on the market today. That link is down in the description. I also have a free GP1 starter guide if you want to just get to know these medications a little bit better. And if you want to watch the video that I talked about earlier that is popping off right now, I will go ahead and link that one right here. I will see you in my next video.

- Microdosing GLP-1 Meds: My Weight Loss Journey: Kind: captions Language: en Let's talk about micro dosing GLP1 medications. Hi, if you don't know who I am, my name is Nikki and I've been on GOP1 medications for over two years now, which is absolutely insane. I've lost almost 80 lbs using these medications, almost 100 from my highest weight. And on this channel, I share my story of weight loss and everything else that comes with it. The good, the bad, the ugly, and everything in between. So, if you are here, I just want to say a huge thank you for being here. Thank you for being part of this community because honestly, it's just so much more fun with you here. So, thank you. I don't know what's been happening lately, but my videos are starting to blow up and my videos are starting to be seen and you guys are commenting. You guys are showing me that this is a topic that needs to be talked about. GOP1 medications need to be out in the world. People need to know that they are available and people need to know how they can change lives because these medications have completely changed my life. I have gone from this to this in 2 years. But what I will tell you is that because I am a micro doser, it has been a little bit slow. And that's okay. I lost most of my weight the very first n months of my journey. So the first n months was a significant drop in weight. I mean it was still slow but it was it was a good amount. Lost about 50 lbs that first year of 2023. I started at the end of March, beginning of April and lost about 50 lbs that year and then in the entirety of 2025 I only lost 22 lbs. And so far this year it is going really slow as well. I have about 35 lbs left until I hit goal. But the reason why it's taking me so much longer than most of the people around me that started with me is because I am a micro doser. So, let's talk about what does that mean in the GOP world and how does it really affect me and make it to where my weight loss journey is so much slower than those around me? Because there are people that I started with in March of 2023. We found each other on Tik Tok and we have been friends since then. I have watched these people get completely to their goal weight. Some of them have been maintaining for months and they lost the same amount of weight that I need to lose, but their weight loss has been much faster because they've been able to stick to the normal dosing schedule when it comes to GOP medications. And I want to make sure that I'm very clear in a couple things because I've gotten some comments on some of my videos and I want to make sure it's very clear. I take these medications for obesity management. I am not diabetic. I do not take them to manage diabetes. I take them for obesity management. I also am not a doctor. So I am not in any way means trying to say or trying to make you believe that I am a doctor and that I am giving you this advice to follow for yourself. I am here sharing my journey and what I've done and what works for me. That's what this weight loss channel is about. This channel is about the story and about hopefully motivating you and giving you some ideas of what you could possibly talk about with your doctor. So, when people comment down below and tell me that I'm telling people to do things wrong, I'm not telling anyone to do anything. I am telling you what I do and I'm going to keep it completely real and honest and I'm not going to like make things up and pretend that I'm somebody that I'm not. Like, that's just not who I am and it's not going to happen. So, if you want to leave a comment like that down below, like, go for it. I'm probably going to say something super smartassy back, but that's okay. I mean, those comments are fun and you're still giving me recognition and you're still like helping my algorithm. So, really, it's fine. Um, little bit of a side note, though. Okay. So, I realized pretty early on that when I started dosing up, I would start having some significant side effects that I did not like. We talked about them a little bit in some of my other videos, but because of these side effects, I had decided that I cannot dose up according to the manufacturing dosing schedule. According to the dosing schedule, you're supposed to go from on some of glucide, you're supposed to go 25, it goes from 0.5 all the way up to one, but some people will stick in a 75 there and then a one and then I think it's like 1.2. I never went higher than this, but there's like a couple other ones above that, right? That you're supposed to go and you're supposed to stay on one dose for 4 weeks and then move up. I realized pretty early on that I was not going to be able to get above on some of I could not get above the 0.5 the 510 milligram. I could not get above that without having side effects that I was not enjoying. So I stayed low and sometimes I would even take less than.5. I would take 0 4 or 3 or 0 2 or 0.1 right that is what micro dosing is so micro doing is taking less than an actual like manufactured dose or taking between or just staying low and not ever actually dosing all the way up. That's what micro doing is and that's what I have had to do just because I don't have a choice. I cannot dose up without having significant side effects that I cannot do my daily job and my daily functions. I can't be a mom and a teacher and have to run to the restroom every 5 minutes with like explosive diarrhea. I know TMI, but I can't do that, right? So, I've managed to realize that I have to micro dose. So when I switched over to tzapatide from saglutide, I started at 2.5 milligrams, which is the baby dose. Looking back, I kind of wish I had started a little bit lower than that because the 2.5 milligram dose was amazing for me. It did its job. It did exactly what it was supposed to do. And I stayed on the 2.5 milligram dose for I believe like 5 to 6 weeks. And then I moved up to the five mgram dose. Again, I wish I had slowly moved up because what I realized was once I got to the 7.5 milligram dose, that's when those side effects started coming again. And at one point, I actually tried to go to a 10 milligram dose and I could not do it. I had anxiety. I It was not a fun dose for me. And I went all the way back down to 5 millig. And now I'm like tiny slowly going up. I'm doing like instead of so if it's like and this is just a random number so don't throw anything at me but say I'm doing 30 units and the next like manufacturer dose would be 50 units. I'm going 30 35 40 45 50. So I'm like upping my units by like five every single time. So that way I'm between the 5 milligram and the 7.5 milligram. And I haven't even hit 7.5 millig again because I'm micro doing every single week to make sure that I'm doing everything I can to avoid the side effects that I do not want. And I personally don't see anything wrong with this because I feel like you can take less medicine than is prescribed. The less medicine you're taking, the better in my opinion. But again, that's my opinion. Talk to your doctor. Tell your doctor about the side effects you're having. ask about micro doing if this is something that you want to do. But ultimately, it is what I've done and it has helped quite a bit. If you watched my last video, you do know that I am wondering if some of my side effects have to do with my PMDD, which is a PMS like menstrual cycle situation. And I'm wondering if by going back on birth control, these side effects will change and I'll be able to start micro doing up to a higher dose. I don't know. I feel like there's a lot of things that are up in the air right now until I get back onto birth control because I was off birth control for like a year and a half. Like almost all of this journey where the weight loss slowed down, it was after I got off birth control. So, I'm wondering when I get back on birth control if my weight loss will actually pick up, which is kind of crazy to think. And maybe I'll be able to start dosing up a little bit higher again. I don't know. It's It's kind of all over the place. I feel like this journey is all over the place. There's no right way. There's no wrong way. There's just your way, and you've got to figure out the way that you want to do this journey. GOP1 medications are a lifechanging medication that can help you on your weight loss journey. If you've tried everything else and nothing is working and you're on your last like willingness to like do anything to lose the weight, I just need you to know that it's not over. You can try GOP medications. Talk to your doctor, talk to a tea health if you want. I do have Amble's information down below. That's who I get my medication from. They are a fullervice teleaalth company that you can get set up with and you can start life-changing GOP1 medications for yourself. Try them and see if they help you like they've helped me and many other people. I also want to do a little bit of a shout out here and let you guys know that those of you that are sharing your journey here on YouTube, on Tik Tok, on Instagram, no matter where you're sharing your journey, even in person, talking about them to the people around you, I just want to say thank you. And I want you to know that even if you are getting people that are commenting back at you with things that are so ignorant and stupid, I need you to just I need you to hold the line with me. Hold the line with me because these medications can help so many people and the less shame around it, the better. The more people who are getting on board, the more people who are standing up and saying, "Yes, I am taking these medications and yes, they have changed my life and I am healthier than I have ever been because of these medications." That is what we need. That is what's going to help so many other people. We can't let them win, right? We can't let the people who think that you should just be eating less and moving more cannot let them win. All right, that's my like little bit of a motivational TED talk at the end of this video. A side note, my scale said 181 lbs this morning, which is the lowest that I have been. So, that's pretty cool. If you made it this far in the video, go ahead and let me know that you made it this far by typing 181 down in the comments. So then I know you actually watched my whole video and you are a ride or die. Thank you so much. And if you want to get to know me even more or you want to just binge some of my content, go ahead and watch this video next. And I will see you in my next video. Die.

- GLP-1 Weight Loss Journey | This Week Makes No Sense!: Kind: captions Language: en Let's talk about that. Holy crap, you guys. You guys saw that number two, right? It's weigh in Sunday and I am so tired this morning. It's my first week of actual summer break. So, I have not worked all week. I have been ridiculously lazy. Actually, I've just been working really hard on Oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Let's Go, which is my like full GOP1 starter course. It's literally like 22 mini lessons on everything we need to know when we're first starting these medications and it's videos like this. So, I've literally filmed 22 mini lessons in the last week and then I've been editing them and working on the lesson. So, I worked my ass off this week actually, but I didn't do anything else besides that. Like, we stayed home almost the whole week. I didn't exercise at all. I I don't know. Honestly, I don't know how the weigh-in is going to go today because I'm also on my period, which means that I'm probably bloated and holding on to some things. So, I don't know what the scale is going to say today. I'm actually terrified because I'm worried it might go up. I did stick to my calorie goals pretty much the entire week. I will take you through my entire week after we weigh in and we'll talk about the things that I did right and the things that I didn't do right. We'll talk about what the week looked like and hopefully I don't know. I don't want to I don't want to get ahead of myself. Like I don't want to say for sure I gained weight or for sure I stayed the same because I don't know. Sometimes on my period week I have lost weight but most of the time on my period week I gain weight. I don't know. Should we just Should we just weigh in? Let's Let's go weigh in. Oh, well, okay. This is exactly why I don't like to talk before I weigh in. Okay, let's let's let's talk about that. Holy crap, you guys. You guys saw that number two, right? What the heck? I don't I don't even know. I don't even know. That is the lowest weight that I have weighed this entire journey, y'all. 180.8. What the hell? This week was I I don't Let's go through it. Let's go through this week so we can try to figure out what caused such a big drop in weight. And I'll remind you what I weighed last week. I just need to look it up on my phone. Y'all, what the absolute What the hell? I don't even know what to say. I can't. You guys saw 2.5 lb loss. So, last week on May 25th, which was last Sunday, I weighed 183.3 lb. And then you saw this morning that weight said 180.8 2.5 lb this week. 2 and a2 pounds. That scale has not said 180. I've had 181, but I have not seen 180 pounds. I feel like this tells us so much information though as we go through the week. First thing, first things first is how much having no stress can play a role in weight loss. Because the biggest difference, the biggest difference between before and now is that I was home all week. That I wasn't teaching. And I'm not telling you that teaching is bad and that I don't love it because I do love teaching. But teaching comes with so much added stress. It comes with waking up early in the morning and getting ready and then going and having to be on all day long and and it comes with it does come with stress. And I do believe that when you are out of that stress bubble and your cortisol levels can even out and you can just chill the out the weight comes off easier. Stress plays a huge role in weight loss. And I don't know how to prove it better than with this huge drop in weight when my stress levels literally went to zero. I'm on my period, too, guys. Like, I am in my period. And typically on period weeks, we gain weight. Also, on the back end of my first what I eat in a day video, I posted my very first one on Friday and that was from Tuesday, I believe. I believe that was what we ate on Tuesday. And I was terrified to post it because I do eat out. And as we go through the week, you guys are going to see that I ate out almost every single day. I had some sort of fast food, I think, every day this week. I can't remember. We will we will talk it out as we go through day by day. But what I didn't do this week is have a breakfast every single day just because I'm waking up later. And I just don't have the time to work in breakfast and lunch. I I just I don't have the time to eat three meals. So I don't think that I really ate three meals at all this week. That could have played a role as well. I don't know. Let's let's dive in. Let's dive into the data. And then you guys as you're watching this, try to pinpoint the things that I'm doing differently or the things that you think helped me lose the weight and then comment down below so that we can like repeat it next week and then if you're on a weight loss journey, you can do them, too. All right, let's get into the PEP app. You guys know that I track everything in the PEP app. I track my calories in Chat GPT. So, Chachi PT can estimate what I'm eating. And then I take those numbers, like the calories, the carbs, the fiber, and the protein. I take those numbers and I put them into the Pep app so that I have it all in one beautiful place. And I did put it in chat GPT all week long, so I know exactly how many calories I ate every single day. But what I didn't do is put it into my app all week long. So, you can see here's the PEP app. This last week is the week we're on. And you can see the the ones that have three dots are the ones that I put in my calories or even the ones that have two dots maybe. But the ones at the end of the week that only have one or have no dots, I forgot to put my calories in my PEP app. Again, I'm home. I'm just extra lazy. I just forget. But I did track it in Chachi PT. So, we will still be able to go over the things that I ate that day. Also, I reached out to the Pep app to figure out the actual cost of it because I feel like I was just like telling you guys, I think it's this much. I think it's this much. But for sure, it's $39.99 for the entire year. So, $40 for the entire year, but if you use my code nick77, then you get $10 off. So, it's $29.99. $30 for the entire year, guys. That's less than a planner. And if you're using something like My Fitness Pal, that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is $20 per month. So, $30 per year for this app is nothing compared to these other apps that we have paid for that have completely ruined our lives. I absolutely hate My Fitness Pal. Like, I I cringe when I think about My Fitness Pal, but I paid $20 per month for My Fitness Pal forever. I also paid the yearly subscription for Lose It, which I prefer Lose It over My Fitness Pal, but they're so they're the same thing. So, I don't like those apps, but the Pep app is just like my place to come. that is my like calming place because it has my injection, it has my calories burned, it has my weight, it has all of these things and it's just like a calm happy place versus me coming in here to put in what I ate. I'm not putting in what I ate here because I don't want to search for it. If I have to search for what I ate, I don't want to do it. I like just typing it into a Chad GPT and Chad GPT shoots out numbers. That's what I like. And then I also add in notes at the bottom, especially if something crazy happened that day or I want to just remember it so that I can talk to you guys about it later, which is cool. These are the conversions that I've gotten so far. I've had 23 of you sign up for a trial and 15 of those people actually did convert. So, that is kind of proof right there that shows you that it is well worth it. That once you try it, because there is a free trial, but once you do the free trial, you love it and 15 people have stayed. And I wouldn't be surprised if more of these 23 end up converting. And I get $10 per conversion. You get $10 off. Full transparency, but I think it's a great app. Okay, a little bit of a tip. When you're adding in what you're eating on a daily basis into Chhat GPT, make sure to include the date before you start that day because I just had to go back through Chat GPT to find everything that I ate this week. And that took way longer than I would have liked, but also if I would have put it in the Pep app like I'm supposed to, it wouldn't have taken me so long. So, I'm going to do better this week about making sure to put it in the PEP app. And I think I'm going to start putting in like maybe a summary of what I ate in the pep app because I could do that. So at the end of the day in Chachi BT I'm going to say give me a summary of what I ate and then I'm going to put it and log it into my notes. That way next week when we do this it'll be so much more easier for me to go through the days. As I was doing it I did notice that I had a couple days where I ate low calories but I ate out. The biggest thing that I've taken from this week is that a lot of people want me to change my eating habits. A lot of people want me to eat better. But if I can lose weight like this and still eat my favorite foods, why am I going to change anything? It's been 2 years. I got the best comment this week and someone told me instead of taking out the things that I love, add in more healthy foods. That's what I'm going to start doing. I have gone down a chia seed rabbit hole. I am going to try some chia seed pudding. I'm I don't know. I've gone down this weird rabbit hole with chia seeds, which means I'm going to try to bring some more healthy things into my lifestyle without getting rid of my favorite foods. That's what we're going to start doing because I do think that I should be eating healthier foods, but I'm also not willing to give up my favorite foods. I'm so picky that it's very hard for me to eat healthy. It's that simple. So, we're going to start with Monday. And on Monday for breakfast, I had two slices of Papa John's pizza. And then I also had Taco Bell Mexican pizza on Monday. Monday, I essentially ate out twice. And then I had some Goldfish that day. And then I had a very light dinner. But overall, my calories for Monday was 1,920. I'm not going to go through exactly what I ate every day. I feel like that would make this video very long and I don't think you want to know that. I'm going to pinpoint the fact that I ate fast food almost every single day and still lost 2.5 lbs. This is a hill that I'm willing to die on. I don't think that when you are first starting to geop medication that you should be making all of these drastic changes. You need to figure out how the medication works in your body first. You need to figure out your mental game before throwing in a diet change. And I mean, I'm two years in. I'm still losing weight by doing this. I just I think that the the healthy eating, the diet change, the lifestyle changes can happen later. Tuesday was my what I eat in a day. So, you guys can go and see exactly everything I ate on Tuesday, but Tuesday was the day that I had Five Guys, which means I ate out on Tuesday as well. On Wednesday, I had McDonald's for lunch. But Wednesday was actually my most solid day of eating, though. I actually hit 1,840 calories, which is where I wanted to be. My goal calorie-wise is anywhere between 1550 and 1850, but I had a couple days this week where I ate less than that. And not on purpose. It was literally just because I ran out of time to eat. I have been so busy working on my course this week that filming the videos, editing the videos, writing. I've been on my computer a lot and then I'm also spending time with my kids and my family. So, just timewise, I just didn't have time to eat or I just forgot to eat and I don't support that. But every now and then, if you have a week like this and then next week will probably be a totally different week. I do not think I will lose as much next week, but a week like this every now and then is okay. I just don't think that every single week should look like this week. On Thursday was the only day that we did not eat out at all. We did not leave. We stayed home and I had like a taco bowl for breakfast and we made these little cute mini pizzas for dinner. I feel like this is what happens when I don't eat out. My calories take a huge hit. I only ate 1,015 calories on Thursday and that is not enough. I ate like a giant bowl of taco salad and then we had that pizza for dinner. So, I ate two solid meals, but I was only able to eat half of the pizza instead of the whole pizza because of the suppression. And I was full halfway through the taco bowl. So, because of those two things and not eat very much. But when I eat fast food, because it's naturally very high in calories, even if I only eat half of it, I'm at least still eating my calorie goal, this is where it gets hard on GOP medications because you're not very hungry. So, it becomes hard to get the healthy foods into your diet. I was done with half of that pizza. I was not going to eat a salad as well. I was full. But I don't want to just eat a salad for dinner. That's not very satisfying for me. And I think that's where things get more difficult. On days that I don't eat out, I tend to eat a lot less calories. And I do not like that I ate 1,000 calories in an entire day. Like that is not healthy eating at all. But it it's what happened. I can't I can't deny what happened. All right. So that was Thursday. Friday we went out to eat. I begged my husband to take us to Red Robin. So, we went to Red Robin on Friday morning for lunch. I was not able to eat very much. I had three onion rings and then I had a side salad, part of a side salad. Had a side salad and then I had some of their new pork nachos, but again, I was not able to eat very much, so I ate out. I also for I also that morning had a banana and a genius shot. And then for dinner, I had some boneless wings that were in the freezer, like freezer boneless wings, which gave me 1,780 calories. That is a much more healthy calorie range of where I want to be. That included a day of eating out at Red Robin. So, I'm in this weird like I want to eat more healthy, but I also want to eat out. And when I eat at home and don't eat out, my calories take a huge hit. And if I eat out and enjoy my food, I can get right into my calorie goal. It's just this weird weird thing. That takes us to yesterday. Yesterday, I had Burger King for lunch. I ate half of the Whopper, two churro fries, and like three onion rings. And then I had a bag of popcorn while we were just hanging around the house watching TV. And for dinner, we had nachos that I made at home. And yesterday I only ate 1,200 calories. This is this is the struggle that I think we all face because we could have weeks like this. And I need you to hear me right now. We could have weeks like this where we don't eat as many calories and then we lose a decent amount of weight, 2 and 12 lbs, right? But if every single week was like this, if I ate only 1,200 calories every single day, I would wreck my metabolism and that would make it to where I would have to eat less than 1,200 calories every single day for the rest of my life if I wanted to lose weight. The reason why, and I am not a nutritionist, I am not a doctor, but all of my research, the reason why these weeks work for me is because they're not every week. A week like this every now and then is really just resetting my metabolism. It's telling my metabolism that something is happening differently and then this week I will eat more calories and my metabolism will not be wrecked. You cannot live in this giant calorie deficit for a ridiculous amount of time or your metabolism will reset to that lower calorie goal. And you don't want that. You want your metabolism to burn as many calories on its own as possible. And I think messing with what I'm eating every single week helps me. And I think it's helped me this entire journey. and why maybe my journey is so different than other people's that are sharing their story here on social media because I do think that a lot of people on social media try to share their best days and their biggest accomplishments and and they don't like to admit that they ate fast food every single day in one week and they're not going to whereas I will I will tell you exactly what I ate and I'm not going to change what I'm eating to show up here on social media in a different way. Do want to change little tiny habits at a time and I'm going to take you guys along for that ride. Like I said, I had a salad this week. I had a banana for breakfast. Things are freaking delicious, right? I just placed another order. I got two more packs of them. This is healthy, right? I am making progress from who I was 2 years ago, even from who I was a year ago on this weight loss journey. Like things are changing. They're just changing so slow and some people want me to change them so much faster and that's just not ever going to be my reality. So my five habits, I did focus on protein. I made sure to drink those genius shots. Did I hit my protein goal every day? Of course not. Not not with a thousand calories, right? I tracked everything. I absolutely have been loving tracking things with Chad GBT and the PEP app. So that's happening. I'm also posting my weekly weighin. So, that's three habits out of five. I did not exercise at all. I was actually very lazy this week. I barely got off the couch. I ate breakfast some days, but I did not eat breakfast every day. I'm going to tell you right now, during the summer, that habit is probably going to get thrown out just because I'm sleeping in, and it's harder for me to eat. But, I am making sure to try to drink something early in the morning. Typically, I will grab one of these in the morning. And I guess technically this is breakfast because it has 23 g of protein. So, we can call this eating breakfast every day. So, technically, I guess I did eat breakfast every day because I did have one of these. So, four out of five. Four out of five habits. This week was weird. I don't know what next week is going to look like. It could be just as weird. I'm not planning for these things. I'm just living my life and sharing with you guys what happens along that ride. I am trying to post three videos per week during the summer. I'm posting my Sunday, my Tuesday, Wednesday video, and then one on Friday or Thursday night, Friday. My Friday video is typically more of like a what I'm thinking, what's on my mind, more in the GOP1 world still and in the weight loss world. It's more of a casual video, whereas my Wednesday, Tuesday video is more of my educational videos that I like to make. And then, of course, my Sunday weigh-ins. I'm so excited about this summer. Her Glow Era is thriving. There's like almost 230 women in there now. I've had a ton of people this week downloading my free GOP1 medication starter guide. It's completely free. It's a starter guide. It's like 40 pages of everything that you would want to know in a guide. It's called Oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] maybe if you're just like kind of maybe thinking about it or you started. It's part of my Oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] series. My next one is Oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] let's go, which is my 22 mini lesson course that I've been working on really hard this week. And that is really for anyone who is starting these GOP medications or who is in the first 6 months of these GOP medications. I cannot wait to release that very soon. That is about to be ready. I've been working my ass off on it. I just really want it to be something that is helpful for people who are starting this journey and are feeling so overwhelmed because there's so much chaos in the social media world. There's so much information out there. When I first started, it was very small and it wasn't as overwhelming and now it's really overwhelming. So, I'm hoping that this course is just a happy place for people to get all the information that they need without having to listen to a million and one different people and just get it from someone who has been on this journey for over 2 years and just loves helping and teaching people. If you made it this far into this video, then I really hope that you hit that subscribe button and join this community because I would love to have you. I'm going to put the what I eat in a day video right here so you can go and watch that. And then here I'm going to put the other video that I posted this week. And I will see you in my next video.

- My GLP-1 Weight Loss Journey: 13 Things That Work for Me: Kind: captions Language: en Today, I'm sharing 13 little things that help keep me on track with my GLP-1 weight loss journey. I've lost over 25 lb on a GLP-1, and I've had to fight for every ounce. Right now, things are even harder. My dose isn't going up for another 2 weeks, and the food noise has definitely come back. So, am I still losing weight? You'll find out when I report this week's weigh-in. So, let's get into my update and the 13 little things that have made a big difference. Oh, and I've got a free vitamin and mineral chart for you to download to help you keep your nutrition on track. Okay, let's go. [Music] Weigh-in update. If you're new here, to catch you up real quick, I'm on week 40. I'm taking 5 mg of Zepbound. I started out at 210.1 lb. The last time I weighed in, which was 2 weeks ago because I spaced last week, I was at 285.1 lb, which is exactly 25 lb. And today, I weighed in at 184.3. So, I'm down 0.8 lb since 2 weeks ago. This is pretty much par for the course. I've averaged 2/3 of a pound lost per week. Sometimes it's less, sometimes it's more. It's going down slowly over time. That's just the way my body has been reacting. I am at this point really looking forward to my dose increase. I'll move up from 5 mg to 7.5 mg on Zepbound in 2 weeks. And the food noise has crept back in since about 2 or 3 weeks ago. And I thought about going up immediately, but it meant that I would have had a month of 5 mg medication that I didn't use. I guess I could have used it up quickly and just upped my dose. I didn't think of that. Anyway, I just decided to see how well things go if I stay at 5. And if it was really hard, I would have gone up earlier. It's been hard, but it hasn't been really hard. It's interesting to have the food noise back. I'll find myself looking in the pantry and then being like, "Whoa, I haven't done this in forever." Just looked in the pantry for no particular reason. And then I check in and it's like, "Well, am I hungry?" And most of the time I'm not. It's just these old habits. And so, I would say most of the time I'm able to modify my behavior and, you know, notice it and not eat. But sometimes, I've been munching more. I'm still managing to lose weight at pretty much the same pace, which is interesting. But the difference is the mindset. I'm working a lot harder at trying not to think about food or trying not to eat just because I'm thinking about food. So, yeah, it's labor-intensive. I'm really looking forward to a break. But I'm also proud of myself that the food noise hasn't meant that how I'm living my daily life looks very different. I guess, now that I'm saying that out loud, that kind of makes sense because until 9 months ago, the food noise was my constant companion. So, I was kind of used to dealing with it. And until menopause, I was able to stay at a relatively normal weight. And after menopause, my eating habits didn't change, but I could not stay at a normal weight. Like, my weight kept creeping up and up. So, I think I've just sort of defaulted back to whatever it was I was doing before when I had all the food noise that helped me to, you know, not overeat being plagued by this constant barrage of thoughts about food. And yeah, I I miss the quiet. I'm really looking forward. Now that I think about it, I might not wait 2 weeks. Now that I hear myself saying this, I'm like, "Why am I going to suffer for 2 weeks?" Yeah, I think I might bump up sooner. Yeah. Thanks for listening. I just worked through this. Now, I'm going to go through the 13 little things I've identified that have just really helped me on this journey. And it's interesting, you'll notice that they aren't things that have helped me lose weight. It's been these pretty random little things that helped me stay consistent in losing weight over the long run in a healthy, sustainable way. When I first started a GLP-1 9 months ago, I was counting two things: my protein and my fiber. And that's pretty much still what I track. I realized that I do better when I track. And when I think like, "Oh, I got this. I don't need to track." I don't eat enough. It's a weird problem to have. Basically, I knew that I couldn't rely on my appetite. I had to intentionally plan to get enough protein. I firmly believe that whole foods are the best source of all nutrients, including protein. And so, I eat a lot of tofu, beans, and whole grains, chicken and turkey, and fish, and Greek yogurt. I'm not a huge fan of eggs, but I'll have eggs sometimes. Um a little bit of cheese. But yeah, those are my protein sources. What I found eventually, because of the decreased appetite, is that I could eat three meals a day, but I did need to supplement to get enough protein. So, that's where the first little thing comes in, protein powder. I'm going to sound like a broken record saying whole foods are always best. Yet, there are things that I eat to help me supplement. And one of the things is finding a protein powder that I really like. My stepdaughter told me about this when she was in college. We were visiting her. We took her to Target to go shopping cuz that's what you do when you visit your kids in college. And this is one of the things she wanted to get. I had never heard of it, and I was always on the lookout for a protein powder I like cuz so many of them have a weird texture or weird flavor. And she said she really liked that one, so I tried it. She's in her 30s now, and I still use this protein powder. It's the my favorite one that I've ever found. So, yeah, I just stick with it because I like it. And if I am making a morning smoothie, it gets most of its protein from Greek yogurt. But if I put one scoop of this, it gives me 9 extra grams. If I put two scoops in, I get 18 extra grams of protein. So, it's a really big boost without filling me up more. And that has been really helpful for me to get enough protein. I know that taste is subjective. So, if you have a favorite protein powder, protein drink, protein bar that helps you supplement your protein, drop it in the comments because what I like isn't going to be to everyone's taste, and we learn a lot from each other. I've learned a lot from you guys in my comment section. Mhm. Number two is also a little thing that helps me get enough protein, and that's having protein coffee in the morning. If you've watched other episodes of mine, you've seen me mention this before. It's a protein shake, OWYN. It stands for Only What You Need. It's plant-based. This container has 32 g of protein. They also sell a version that has 20 g of protein in it, which I haven't tried, but I like the taste of this, so I'm guessing I'd like the taste of that one, too. And I mix this with my coffee every morning, and I start out with 32 g of protein. It's a processed food. This does not occur in nature. I feel like it's not as bad as it could be. You know, it's not Cheetos or Twinkies. This is another way that I just make sure I'm getting my protein even when I'm not that hungry. And the third little thing is protein bars. Now, this is my favorite. It's Barebell brand. You might have heard of it. You might have heard me talk about it before. I really like them. This is my favorite flavor, caramel choco. They have other really good flavors, too. And there are other protein bars I also like, but I just like this one the best. Now, I don't eat these every day. I do have a protein coffee probably like 5 days a week. There's just some days that, you know, I don't I don't have it for whatever reason. And this, I probably have a smoothie, well, I go through phases. I'll go through a phase where I'll have like a smoothie every day for a couple weeks. I just went through one of those recently. And then I'm like, "Eh, I want something different for breakfast." And so, right now, I think I'm having maybe two or three smoothies a week, which means I'm eating this two or three times a week. This, I usually eat after I strength train. So, that means two to four times a week. It's just an easy way to get 16 g of protein and like a little trap trap snack that tastes like a treat. A trap. It's been different eating to get enough nutrition versus trying not to eat too much. So, I'm not always eating to satisfy my hunger. A lot of times, I'm eating to support my metabolism and to support my muscle and just to support my health. So, those are three simple ways that I make sure I get enough protein. But again, I want to emphasize that most of my protein I get from whole foods. By the way, I've got a protein smoothie recipe that you can get if you sign up to my email newsletter, and it uses this protein powder and Greek yogurt and a bunch of other stuff to make a tasty smoothie that I've been making for years. And if you're interested in it, sign up to my email newsletter below. If you're new here, hi. I'm Bobby. I'm a therapist and an artist, and I'm sharing my GLP-1 weight loss journey here on YouTube. I am not a medical doctor, and I'm not your therapist. I am just sharing my experience here on YouTube. None of this is medical advice or mental health advice. Always talk to your own health care providers when you're deciding what to do for you. Then, besides appetite decreasing, a lot of times thirst decreases on GLP-1s. And I feel really lucky cuz I was in a good habit of drinking water before I started GLP-1s, so I could just kind of keep up that habit. Because I do think my thirst decreased. I realized I was queued to drink because my water bottle was around. Whereas, I remember like feeling thirsty in the past, and I don't really get that anymore. But I was in the habit of drinking, so I just keep drinking. And that brings me to number four on the list, my Hydro Flask bottle. If you have watched other episodes, I drink from this I feel like almost every time I'm filming cuz it is just with me at home. It's not, you know, spill-proof, and so this is the one I use when I'm at home. I film at home 99% of the time, and so I'm drinking out of this. Yeah, it's 40 oz. I shoot for about 80 oz a day of water. When I am on the road or in my car or I just want something that isn't going to spill as much, I've become a big fan of number five on the list, my Owala water bottle. And the reason why I like this sometimes is because when it's all sealed up, it's not going to leak at all. You can chug from it, you know, like that, but there's also a straw in it, so you can sip from it. So, yeah, really nice. Insulated, Hydro Flask also insulated. So, these two things just really help me stay hydrated. I need the visual cue because I'm not as thirsty. This one today had my protein coffee in it cuz I did like an iced coffee with my protein shake in it, and then this one has water in it. I know there are lots of different brands of water containers, and this one I got cuz it was at Costco, so it was a good price. And this one I got because these come in like a gazillion colors, so it was really fun to pick out a fun color combination. I don't know if it shows up on camera, but this is like a really pale like minty green. Just love it. But, you know, there are other brands, too. So, if you're really loyal to a particular brand of water bottle, tell me why in the comments because I'm curious about other brands. I know I'm getting more than 80 oz of water a day because remember that foods that have water in them count towards your hydration, so like fruit and soup and things like that. And then anything else I'm drinking like, you know, a can of seltzer water or something like that. So, I know that I'm getting more than 80 oz, but I do shoot for 80 oz of water. One of the 40 oz I put number six on the list, which is electrolytes. My brand of choice is Element, and I checked on my purchase history on their website, and I've been buying Element since 2021. So, for 4 years I've been buying Element. And yeah, I just really like it. I started drinking electrolytes back then cuz I was eating super low carb at the time, and that kind of increases your need for electrolytes. But, yeah, I just put a packet in one of my things of water every day, and then the other one is plain water, but I do often add just a little lemon juice just to give it some flavor. So, that when I have that visual cue of the water sitting over here, I see it and I'm like, "Ooh, lemon water." So, yeah, that is how I stay hydrated. And those three things really help. Totally worthwhile investments. I'm going to link to everything in the description below, so if there's anything that you want more information about or that you want to purchase, there'll be links in the description to the products themselves. Or maybe, you know what? I might just make a storefront for this episode, so you can just click on that link and see all the products in the storefront. I think that might be easier. I don't know. I'll figure that out later. There's so many important reasons to stay hydrated, and one of them is to keep your GI tract hydrated because, as you may know, when you're on a GLP-1, your digestion moves more slowly, and one of the simplest ways to avoid side effects and to keep your gut healthy is to stay hydrated. The other way is to eat enough fiber. Even if you're eating really healthy, you can have all kinds of GI discomfort from GLP-1s because your digestion is moving slower, and you can have constipation or diarrhea because they're just very common side effects with these medications. The recommended amount of fiber per day for women is 25 to 35 g, and I know there are so many people out there it's really popular to take like fiber gummies and fiber supplements to hit that 25 to 35 g of fiber per day, and I don't want to rain on anyone's parade cuz we all have to do what works for us, but I am of the opinion that hitting 25 to 35 g of fiber a day is not that hard most of the time. If you're eating a lot of whole foods, it's honestly not that much fiber. It's not even that much food. I go into this in depth in an episode that I'll link to below. There's a special chapter all about fiber. It's like a deep dive. So, if you want to know more about it, I'll put the title of the episode up here cuz I don't remember it off the top of my head. But, yeah, there's like a whole lesson about fiber. Most days I get all of my fiber from foods. And one of the ways I do that is to make sure to eat certain foods really often, and one of them is number seven on this list, chia seeds. One tablespoon of chia seeds has 3 g of fiber in it. You put a couple tablespoons of these in chia seed pudding and you're hitting 6 g of fiber, which is, you know, almost a quarter of your daily fiber. Mix them with yogurt or milk for a pudding with fruit. Yeah, they're really good for you, and I have relied on them. I don't think I eat them every day, but I rely on them at least three or four times a week. I'm either throwing them in a smoothie, making a pudding, or just like sprinkling them in stuff for a fiber boost. They have a couple grams of protein, 2 g of protein, 3 g of fiber per tablespoon. I'm a fan. The other thing that almost made the list was beans because beans are really high in fiber. But, I wanted to choose one, and I don't know, I just have a soft spot for chia seeds. There's one exception to when I will supplement for fiber, and that's if I'm having a really low food day. Maybe I skipped a meal, maybe I'm not feeling great. It doesn't happen often, but a couple times a month for the last, I don't know, few months, I will use psyllium husk, which, oh, I don't have it here with me. I just buy it ground up in a powder. One tablespoon of psyllium husk has six or seven grams of fiber in it, so it's a very easy way to boost your fiber if you're a little low. And so, that's what I'll do is I will just dump that in my soup, in my pasta, in my yogurt. It will thicken things, and so like I don't put it in tea because it would make the tea kind of like, I don't know, gelatinous unless you drink it really fast, but I want to enjoy a cup of tea. So, put it in things where if it thickened up a little bit, you don't really notice, like yogurt and soup, things like that. And it's just a way to get a little bump of fiber. So, I just keep it in my pantry as a little bit of insurance. But, like I said, I rely on whole foods for my fiber, beans, whole grains, chia seeds, really anything plant-based, especially fruits. Raspberries are crazy high in fiber. So, I've kind of alluded to staying hydrated and getting enough fiber as a way to keep your GI tract happy, and one of the things that happens often with GLP-1s is constipation. Even with the best of habits, just a lot of us get constipated. When I was on semaglutide the first few months of my GLP-1 weight loss journey, I had a lot of constipation, and I had to do certain things every day to make sure I wasn't constipated. Take Miralax, take a magnesium supplement, eat prunes, and then fiber and water. When I switched to tirzepatide, constipation was not a side effect for me, so I didn't have to do those things every day, but what I've noticed with tirzepatide is that it's made me more vulnerable to constipation. Like a lot of times I would get constipated from flying cuz it's just so dehydrating. This is like even before GLP-1s, and the longer the flight, the more likely I was to get constipated. Now, if I fly even for a short flight, I'll get constipated for a day or two. So, I think my body's just more vulnerable to it because of this medication. Fortunately, the bright side of figuring out how to deal with it when I was on semaglutide has meant that I'm able to get on top of it quicker, and there are two things that help me get on top of it quicker now. The first is number nine on the list, which is MagO7. This is a specific type of magnesium supplement that works for me. I know people who have tried it and it didn't work for them, and then there are other magnesium supplements that haven't worked for me and that work for other people. So, I actually link to a few different ones that I know people have had results with, but this is what works for me. And on semaglutide, I was taking one to three of these every night just to poop like a normal person. And now, I don't think I've taken these except after I've flown. A couple weeks ago I went to visit my daughter. It was two short flights to get to her cuz there's no direct flight, and that was enough. The couple days after that, yeah, I was constipated. But, I had packed some of this, so this has just been super helpful for me in dealing with constipation. The other thing that I took daily on semaglutide and that now I pack with me on trips for constipation is number 10 on this list, which is Miralax. Now, I bought the generic kind because that's the kind of girl I am. I obviously don't pack this big bottle. I put a little bit in a baggie, and then I hope that TSA doesn't think that it's drugs. So far, they haven't. But, I just want to have a little whoa, I just want to have a little bit of Miralax on hand because I know that that will help me after the flight. It also was my daily friend when I was really struggling with that side effect on semaglutide. My doctor recommended that I take this daily. Talk to your own doctor about dealing with side effects. Before you take anything, talk to your doctor. If you're enjoying this episode, I would be really appreciative if you'd hit like and think about subscribing to my channel. I'd love to have you join me on this journey. The YouTube algorithm is weird, but when you get likes, it helps YouTube learn who wants to see this. So, people who want this kind of content are more likely to find it or have it shown to them. So, yeah, just that one little click can help my channel and help other people. I have a whole episode on side effects that I will also link to in the description. And the comments are really helpful, too, because people were posting about things that helped them with their side effects that I hadn't known about or tried. So, you can get so many ideas if you're struggling with side effects by what worked for me in the episode and what worked for other people in the comments. So, the Mag07 and the Miralax are my go-to's now if I have any constipation. And then also I just want to add as a reminder that the water and the fiber are just also really important. Those are a given that I'm always striving to get enough fiber and water. And then if I have some constipation, I've got my go-to's. Because it's easy to eat too little on GLP-1s, it can be hard to get enough nutrition. We want to be in a calorie deficit if we're trying to lose weight, but we don't want to be in a nutritional deficit. And it's possible, but it's more work to get enough nutrition if you're eating in a calorie deficit. I've been trying. I've been trying really hard to get enough nutrition. I know one thing that happens with lack of nutrition over time is loss of hair. So, I keep pulling my hair back and trying to see if my ponytail is as thick as it used to be. And I think it is, but then I start to second-guess and be like, is it thinner? Or I'll put up a messy bun and be like, is it smaller? And I think it's the same or I'm paranoid. I don't know which one. But I just do know after 9 months of being in a calorie deficit, there might be nutritional deficiencies that have developed. So, the last three things on my list are the three little things that I feel like are really helping me to combat the nutritional Because big picture, I'm trying to get 1,700 calories a day, which my dietitian determined was a good weight loss calorie goal, and enough protein and enough fiber. But, look for a second at the difference between a low nutrition, enough protein and fiber, and a high nutrition, enough protein and fiber. There is a really big difference between these two meals. Even though if you're only looking at, oh, I I hit my calorie, my protein, and my fiber goal, you know, you think, oh, you're golden either way. But, what's missing in the meal on the left is all kinds of micronutrients, vitamins, minerals that our body really needs. And those are the things that if we get deficient in them, our body's going to direct what nutrition it does have towards our vital functions, and it will neglect things like our fingernails, our hair, our energy levels, we'll feel tired. So, here's what I'm doing to try my best to not become malnourished while being on such a long-term calorie deficit. I got into such a deep dive when I was preparing this part of this episode that I ended up making a vitamin and mineral chart that you can download below. You don't have to sign up with your email or anything, just like click on the link and you can download it, you can print it out if you want. It's two pages. I do not want to track every single one of these nutrients, even though it's important that we get them all. If you read over the sources of these vitamins and minerals, which I divided into animal-based, plant-based, leafy green vegetables, and dark green vegetables in general are in not every single category, but so many of them that I feel like eating my dark leafy green vegetables every day is doing so much to cover my bases. Number 11 is dark leafy greens. I put kale up here as a visual, but I'm talking about chard, spinach, brussels sprouts, broccoli. Broccoli's not leafy, but all these dark green vegetables are powerhouses. I just did this the other day, and this has been a really good reminder of just what powerhouses the dark green leafy vegetables are. If you are on a GLP-1 and you're in a long-term calorie deficit and you don't want to become malnourished, work green vegetables into your diet every single day. Throw some spinach in your morning smoothie. Throw some kale into your salad. Make sure to tear it up and massage it. Yes, massage your kale with a little bit of olive oil and salt, and it makes it easier to eat. And then just throw it in, like you don't have to have a whole kale salad. I like to mix half kale, half romaine lettuce. Throw a whole head of chard or bok choy into a pan and sauté it, and you'll eat a ton of green vegetables as a side dish at your dinner. Greens are easy to eat. Buy it frozen. You can buy all these vegetables frozen, and the nutrition is there. Having said that, my doctor recommended that I take a multivitamin while I'm on a GLP-1. I've kind of taken them on and off even before that, and I think I had multivitamins at home, and I just wasn't that good about taking them. I did start taking them more regularly when I started this medication cuz I knew I wouldn't be eating as much. And this is the one that I take. It's not because my doctor recommended. She just told me, just take any multivitamin, like it doesn't really matter. I take this one because they're gummies and they taste good. So, if there are things that I'm not getting in my diet, it's going to help fill in those gaps. Full disclosure, I forget probably two or three times a week to take this. So, I'm not even taking it every day. But still, like if I'm taking it four or five times a week, I feel like that's going to fill in gaps. So, fingers crossed. One more thing my doctor recommended. She recommended what I'm putting 13 on my list, which is vitamin D. I did not test deficient for vitamin D, but I was on the low end. I don't get a lot of sun. I tend to wear sunscreen when I'm outside, and I don't drink dairy products that are fortified with vitamin D. So, I take vitamin D. This is Target brand. Yeah. Um again, my doctor said it doesn't matter. She recommended I take 2,000. Talk to your doctor, see what your doctor thinks. I know people who are deficient usually like take a lot more than that. Um but this is just something to prevent me from becoming deficient in vitamin D. Those are my 13 things. My goal being on Zepbound isn't just weight loss. It's fat loss, and it's improved health. So, all of these 13 things aren't really helping me to lose weight faster. They're helping me to lose weight healthier, and that's how I want to do it. I mentioned many times in this episode how I focus on eating whole foods. For a look at my meal prep that really helps me keep healthy food on hand, watch this video next. Thanks for watching.

- 2 Months on Mounjaro (Tirzepatide) |What I’ve Learned So Far ||Weight Loss Journey |Vlogtober Day 2: Kind: captions Language: en Hi, my name is Shaina. I'm on a weight loss journey. I'm trying to lose 70 pounds and I'm using a GLP-1 medication, specifically Mangaro, which is a Trespatide. I'm currently in my third month and I wanted to go back and I wanted to talk about what it was that I learned my very first two months taking a GLP1 taking Mangaro. If you're interested in hearing what I learned or you've already passed the two months and the three months and you want to drop in the comments what you learned, let's make this video for people that are just coming onto the scene that are brand new to the medication that are really just trying to learn what they should expect or what they may even encounter when they take a GLP1 medication. All right, let's go. [Music] When I started doing my research on taking a GLP-1 medication, I was looking at a lot of videos. I was doing a lot of reading. I was looking at a lot of different people and asking people in my personal life what they were taking, what they were using, and how they felt about it. I was somebody that was on the fence on taking a medication to help me lose weight. My doctor recommended it to me way back in January of 2025 and I did not start taking the medication until July of 2025. So, I'm currently on I just took my week 12 shot. So, I'm currently in my last week of my third month. When I was learning about this medication, I heard a lot of people say a lot of different things, but what I was really looking at is I was looking at the results, the weight loss results that they had. Right? So, I'm looking at people losing 5 lbs in a week, losing 10 pounds in a week, losing 50 lbs in 5 months, losing 50 lbs in two or three months. I was really intrigued on how this medication was helping these people lose weight, which seemed so so dramatic and so so fast. And I wanted to be a part of that journey, too, because I was sick and tired of being my starting weight of 205 pounds. 205 pounds. I'm 5 foot three. I was tired of it. I was done. So, I told my doctor, "Hey, I want to go on this medication. Can you sign me up for it? Can you write me the script?" And she said, "Yes." So, when I started this medication, I thought, "Oh, this is going to be easy. All I have to do is take a shot. That's the scariest part because I heard about all of the other symptoms and things like that, but I just I didn't think much of it. I thought this was just going to be an easy journey." And like you hear a lot, it's a magic bullet, right? You take the shot, that's it. You're not hungry anymore. and you just keep going on with the rest of your life. That wasn't the case. This shot was not a magic bullet. I still needed to put in effort into my diet and into my workouts in order for this medication to work. Yes, the first week the the weight came off quickly, but I'm sure that it was a lot of just water weight that my body was just letting go of because of this new medication that I was introducing into my system. But I realized very very quickly that I needed to eat well to feel well. If I ate poorly, it was going to reflect in the way that I felt that same day or the very very next day. And that happened pretty quickly during that 2.5 milligram journey. You really learn really quickly the things that you can eat and the things that you can't eat. And you do realize that this is not a magic bullet and I have to put in the work to help it. You learn that using a GLP1 medication is another tool just like using a fitness app that's going to help you show you workouts to work out. You can watch the fitness app while sitting on your couch, but that's not going to help you lose weight. The fitness app is a tool to get you up, to get you moving, to get you going, but you still have to do the work. You still have to get off the couch, get out of the chair, and go do the work of whatever the fitness app is telling you to do. If you don't do the work, the tool is not going to work. If you eat poorly, you will feel poorly. Therefore, this was not the magic bullet that I thought it was going to be based on just what I was seeing and my tiny tiny bit of knowledge of what the medication was. The second thing that I learned was everyone does not experience the same symptoms. A lot of the common symptoms are constipation, diarrhea, nausea. I did not experience a lot of constipation. I did experience some diarrhea and I experienced a tiny tiny sliver of nausea, but nothing that I would write home about. I had more nausea when I was pregnant than I've ever had on any type of this GLP-1 medication. But what I did experience was sleepiness. The first couple of shots, I was pretty tired, more than normal. I didn't know if it was the medication or if it were just me being a mom of four and being exhausted, but I did experience different symptoms than I had heard other people talking about. One that was really strange for me was a dry throat and a dry mouth. That was a symptom that I didn't really hear until I started doing more research because I had actually experienced it. So, don't think that you're going to go in to taking a GLP-1 medication and you're going to get all the symptoms that you hear everyone talking about. You may have them all or you may have none or you may have one or two. You may not have them all. So, don't go out and try to prepare yourself for all these symptoms that you're going to have because you might be one of the lucky ones who doesn't experience any of the negative side effects of a GLP1 medication. All symptoms are not common for everyone. A third thing that I learned when I started taking this GLP medication that I had heard about, but I wasn't really familiar with and I didn't quite understand was food noise. I didn't know what food noise was. I heard a lot of people talking about food noise and because I didn't feel the same way that they felt, I thought that me myself didn't experience food noise. I was waiting for the food noise to stop because everyone you hear everyone saying my food noise stopped. My food noise stopped. I feel liberated because my food noise stopped. Nothing stopped for me. I didn't understand what that was because I don't experience food noise the way that other people experience food noise. And what I had to learn and what I did learn on this medication and through my experience is that food noise is different for everyone. Some people think about food all day long. They're thinking about what they're going to have for breakfast. Once that while they're eating breakfast, they're thinking about what they're having for snack or for lunch or for dinner. And they're always thinking about food. That was not something that I did. What I realized that my food noise was was it came from boredom. It came from emotional eating. If I was just feeling kind of blah, like I just want to be by myself, sit down and watch a movie, turn on Netflix, I'd grab a bag of chips, I'd grab some popcorn, I'd get something to drink. But I didn't think that that was food noise. But that's my version of it because even now when I'm still kind of just wanting to veg out and sit on the couch and watch Netflix or TV or something, I still do that. But I don't grab the bag of chips because I don't want it. So I don't grab the extra drinks because I don't want them. So my version of food noise was different. But I had to understand what it meant for me to not eat as much, to not snack as much or to not overeat when my body was already full. So to me, food noise is now when you find yourself mindlessly snacking. When you find yourself filling getting a second or a third plate of food, when you know that you're no longer hungry, being able stopping the food noise is saying, "Wow, I'm full. I don't need that second plate of food." Or what the medication is telling you is you cannot eat that second plate of food because you are already stuffed to your brim. or it's being able to go out and not grab that extra snack and not think about grabbing that extra snack. And that is something that I learned on this medication that you will learn for yourself. Whatever your version of food noises, whatever makes you mindlessly snack or overeat, you will learn that about yourself on this medication as I did if you don't already know what it is. The last thing that I learned on my 2.5 milligram of Mangaro during my first two months of Mangjaro was that weight loss is not linear. I thought that being on a medication and losing that 5 lbs in the first week and losing two plus pounds and the pounds and a half for the weeks after that that my weight loss was going to be linear straight across. That first month I lost 10 lbs. I thought that was going to happen my second month and my third month and I was going to be on the track to lose 60 to 70 pounds in six or seven months. That did not happen for me. During my second month, I only lost about 2 and a half pounds. I had to learn that I was not going to lose the consistent weight week after week after week just because I was taking this medication. Some weeks you're going to lose more weight and other weeks you're going to lose less. And whether it's because of what you're eating, your hormones at the moment, your stress levels, you will learn to understand that it is not a linear process and you're not going to lose the same amount of weight week after week. You also may not be hitting the same milestones as other people. And that is okay. I know a lot of people are looking at others journeys just to see will you where you might be able to go, what you might experience, what you might be able to lose. But everyone's body is different. Everyone's system is different. We all lose weight in different ways. Just because we're taking the same medication and we may be on the same path does not mean we're going to lose weight in the exact same way. And that is something that I myself did have to learn. I knew it. But when you watch people lose weight, you're wondering why you're not doing the same thing, right? You wonder how this person could be losing this much and you're only losing this much. And I had to learn that weight loss within myself is not linear and I cannot compare my progress to someone else's journey. If you're watching this and you're on a GLP1 medication as well, if there's something that you learned when you first started taking a GLP-1 medication, put it down in the comments. This video is for people who are just starting out their journey, who are looking to see what they may experience when taking a GLP-1 medication, what they should understand about taking a GLP1 medication, and what they even may learn about themselves taking a GLP-1 medication. Thank you guys for watching. If you like what you see, if you like what you hear, give me a like, hit that subscribe button, hit that bell, and I'll see you guys tomorrow. Have a good day. Bye.

- 10 Mounjaro Facts I Learned the Hard Way: Kind: captions Language: en-GB 0:00 10 things I wish I knew before starting&nbsp; 0:02 Mounjaro. Not just the basic stuff, but&nbsp; 0:05 some of the real honest kind of stuff&nbsp; 0:07 that might help with confusion, might&nbsp; 0:09 help with some frustration and even some&nbsp; 0:12 pain. Now, whether you just started&nbsp; 0:14 Mounjaro or you've been on it for a few&nbsp; 0:16 weeks, check this video out. There might&nbsp; 0:18 be a few things you didn't know because&nbsp; 0:20 I didn't know. So, hey everyone. Welcome&nbsp; 0:23 back to my channel. And if you're new&nbsp; 0:24 here, my name is Dell and I'm&nbsp; 0:26 documenting all my Mounjaro journey since&nbsp; 0:28 day one. Um, the good, the bad, and even&nbsp; 0:31 some of the weird. So, starting with&nbsp; 0:33 number one, and I think we all know&nbsp; 0:35 this, whether you're on it or not,&nbsp; 0:36 there's a lot of side effects. Now, not&nbsp; 0:38 everyone suffers from the same side&nbsp; 0:40 effects. Everyone's a bit different, but&nbsp; 0:42 there is a number of side effects that&nbsp; 0:44 is connected to mounjaro. So, I want to&nbsp; 0:47 start with one of the first things that&nbsp; 0:49 um, a lot of people get and it's really&nbsp; 0:52 bad. I have not had it so bad. I've had&nbsp; 0:54 a little bit in here and there, but over&nbsp; 0:56 the years when I have suffered from&nbsp; 0:58 these things, I think I'll just share&nbsp; 1:00 what I know. One of the things is when&nbsp; 1:03 you're suffering from nausea,&nbsp; 1:05 one thing they say and it's true, it's&nbsp; 1:08 to drink ginger tea. Now, I am not a fan&nbsp; 1:12 of ginger tea. Yeah, I'm not. But if you&nbsp; 1:14 can drink it, it really does help. Now,&nbsp; 1:17 I wouldn't go more than two cups a day.&nbsp; 1:19 Three at max if you have to. But I would&nbsp; 1:22 suggest giving it a try if you're&nbsp; 1:23 suffering from it. Now, if you're having&nbsp; 1:26 a meal,&nbsp; 1:28 have it in bits. Don't have it like if&nbsp; 1:31 you're having some chicken and lettuce,&nbsp; 1:33 have a little bit of it. Maybe have a&nbsp; 1:35 little bit later. Don't eat, even if&nbsp; 1:37 it's a small portion, do smaller bits&nbsp; 1:39 throughout the day, but still try and&nbsp; 1:40 eat as much calories and much um protein&nbsp; 1:43 as usual, but eat it in bits throughout&nbsp; 1:46 the day. It really does help. Now,&nbsp; 1:48 little things like crackers help with no&nbsp; 1:50 butter. Make sure there's no butter&nbsp; 1:52 because that can set it off. Just dried&nbsp; 1:54 crackers and some peanuts. These are the&nbsp; 1:57 things that have helped me. Now again,&nbsp; 1:59 if this consists if it keeps carrying on&nbsp; 2:02 consistently,&nbsp; 2:04 contact your GP cuz it's always best to&nbsp; 2:06 make sure you're okay and nothing else&nbsp; 2:08 is a problem. Number two, constipation.&nbsp; 2:11 Now, a lot of people have been suffering&nbsp; 2:14 from constipation. It's one of the&nbsp; 2:15 biggest side effects everyone's been&nbsp; 2:17 complaining about. I had a little bit of&nbsp; 2:19 it. Not as bad as some people like my&nbsp; 2:21 mate um Njaro with Ali. He's my mate&nbsp; 2:24 over another channel. He's had it pretty&nbsp; 2:25 bad at one point. But over the years, I&nbsp; 2:28 have suffered from constipation and all&nbsp; 2:31 these other things from medications that&nbsp; 2:33 I'm on because I've got bipolar and all&nbsp; 2:35 these other things. But there is a few&nbsp; 2:37 things that I've learned over the years,&nbsp; 2:39 right? So, let's get into that. So, I&nbsp; 2:42 don't think any of you who are watching&nbsp; 2:44 are stupid. Yeah, I don't want to put&nbsp; 2:46 anyone down. if you are. But obviously&nbsp; 2:48 water is something we all have to drink&nbsp; 2:51 whether you're on Marjaro or not. It's&nbsp; 2:52 something that is really important that&nbsp; 2:54 we drink and they say we should drink up&nbsp; 2:56 to 2 liters a day. Well, we are for a&nbsp; 2:58 man. I think um a liter and a half for a&nbsp; 3:00 woman. Don't hold me to that. But one&nbsp; 3:02 thing is for sure, if you're having&nbsp; 3:04 bloatedness or you're constipated, water&nbsp; 3:07 is very very important to drink. and at&nbsp; 3:10 least try and get as your your maximum,&nbsp; 3:12 maybe even a little more per day cuz&nbsp; 3:14 that helps flush you out a little bit.&nbsp; 3:16 Now, I know some of you are going,&nbsp; 3:17 "Yeah, but I've done that." Yeah, I know&nbsp; 3:19 it's true, but you still got to do it.&nbsp; 3:21 Um, I also recommend that you drink some&nbsp; 3:23 uh water with lemon in it. And I also&nbsp; 3:26 recommend if you can drink apple cider&nbsp; 3:28 vinegar, it helps. Now, obviously fiber&nbsp; 3:31 supplements help and stool softeners&nbsp; 3:34 help, you know, stuff like that. And&nbsp; 3:35 they do. They all do. But one trick that&nbsp; 3:38 I've learned over the years that really&nbsp; 3:40 has always helped me, and it may not&nbsp; 3:43 help everyone, but it's always done the&nbsp; 3:44 trick for me. Now, everyone probably&nbsp; 3:47 knows, oh, let's drink a load of orange&nbsp; 3:49 juice cuz it helps. And it does. It does&nbsp; 3:51 help. It does help. The problem with&nbsp; 3:53 orange juice is it's full of sugar, as&nbsp; 3:56 we all know. Now the thing is is that&nbsp; 4:00 I learned over the years that if I eat&nbsp; 4:03 between one maybe two three max of&nbsp; 4:06 oranges whether it's sassumas or&nbsp; 4:09 clementine or whatever you I always&nbsp; 4:10 getting confused with the names but if&nbsp; 4:12 you can eat two oranges per day for a&nbsp; 4:15 few days now don't expect to eat two&nbsp; 4:17 oranges and you're going to go straight&nbsp; 4:19 away but if you eat two actual oranges&nbsp; 4:21 one they're better for you and two they&nbsp; 4:23 work a lot better than actual orange&nbsp; 4:25 juice. No, it really does. And I&nbsp; 4:27 remember an old school doctor told me a&nbsp; 4:29 long time ago, eat a couple of oranges,&nbsp; 4:32 forget all the orange juice. It's bad&nbsp; 4:34 for you anyway. And all these other&nbsp; 4:35 things. And I did. It work like a treat.&nbsp; 4:38 And it still does today. So if you can&nbsp; 4:40 grab two oranges, whether you like them&nbsp; 4:42 or not, it makes a difference. Better&nbsp; 4:44 than orange juice, no sugar, all that&nbsp; 4:46 good stuff. Apple cider vinegar, and&nbsp; 4:48 squeeze some lemon into your water.&nbsp; 4:50 Obviously, fiber supplements as and make&nbsp; 4:52 sure you drink your water. Next one.&nbsp; 4:54 Okay, so number three is diarrhea. Now,&nbsp; 4:57 this can be a tricky one because&nbsp; 4:59 diarrhea can be dangerous. Obviously,&nbsp; 5:01 bloatedness and constipation isn't good&nbsp; 5:03 either. Diarrhea can be dangerous&nbsp; 5:05 because you lose loads of salt, loads of&nbsp; 5:08 liquid, you can get dehydrated and it's&nbsp; 5:10 all round bad for you. So, if it lasts&nbsp; 5:12 more than about 2 to 3 days, definitely&nbsp; 5:15 go and see something about it. Even if&nbsp; 5:17 it's the mangjara causing it. But what I&nbsp; 5:20 will say is a lot of people and I've&nbsp; 5:23 learned this over even on starting my&nbsp; 5:25 majaro electrolytes. I've never really&nbsp; 5:27 had them before. I never really had&nbsp; 5:28 them, but they help because they keep&nbsp; 5:31 salt in your body and it really just&nbsp; 5:33 helps hydrate you. So if you haven't got&nbsp; 5:36 any, consider trying grabbing some.&nbsp; 5:38 They're available pretty much&nbsp; 5:39 everywhere. Get a good brand though.&nbsp; 5:41 Don't get just any old cheap one because&nbsp; 5:43 they may not be as good. All right, so&nbsp; 5:45 things to eat and things to avoid. So&nbsp; 5:47 bananas are really good. Um I would have&nbsp; 5:50 rice. Um stay away from dairy and some&nbsp; 5:54 fatty. Anything fatty like and high&nbsp; 5:56 fiber. Definitely stay away from high&nbsp; 5:58 fiber food because that really I mean&nbsp; 6:00 obviously it's the opposite of you know&nbsp; 6:02 being bloated. Fiber is good. So still&nbsp; 6:05 have some fiber but don't overdo it.&nbsp; 6:06 Again stay away from um anything that's&nbsp; 6:09 fatty. That's just a no-go. It's like it&nbsp; 6:11 runs through you. Um boiled potatoes are&nbsp; 6:15 really good. Now, boiled chicken and not&nbsp; 6:17 fried, not grilled, boiled chicken is&nbsp; 6:19 really good for you and stuff like that.&nbsp; 6:22 Now, if you're still having it after a&nbsp; 6:24 few days, even if you've eaten all the&nbsp; 6:27 things that you're supposed to, please,&nbsp; 6:29 please, please see a doctor because or a&nbsp; 6:31 GP because it's just not good for you&nbsp; 6:33 and it's one of the more dangerous&nbsp; 6:36 things you could go through. Everyone's&nbsp; 6:37 had it, but one of the most dangerous&nbsp; 6:39 things you can have is diarrhea and if&nbsp; 6:41 it persists, you need to check something&nbsp; 6:43 out. It could be anything else as well.&nbsp; 6:45 Now number four, the dreaded food noise.&nbsp; 6:48 Now a lot of people like myself, the&nbsp; 6:51 food noise didn't start working straight&nbsp; 6:53 away and um it kicked in will say on&nbsp; 6:57 five 5 mg, but it might start for you at&nbsp; 7:00 the beginning and it may not. Now I'm on&nbsp; 7:02 7.5 about to hit 10 and I'm still&nbsp; 7:04 suffering through food noise. Now the&nbsp; 7:07 thing about food noises it will feel a&nbsp; 7:10 lot of people will get it but if it&nbsp; 7:12 starts wearing off don't panic don't&nbsp; 7:15 think this don't think that just move up&nbsp; 7:17 another dose or give it a little bit of&nbsp; 7:19 time because it takes a while before the&nbsp; 7:21 mara does build it might take up longer&nbsp; 7:23 for some people but the mangjaro it&nbsp; 7:26 takes a while to build up in your system&nbsp; 7:28 and if the food noise does creep back&nbsp; 7:31 best thing to do is just eat more&nbsp; 7:33 protein try and stay away from all all&nbsp; 7:36 the other stuff. If you slip here and&nbsp; 7:38 again, which we all have, it's okay to&nbsp; 7:40 have done that. Don't kick yourself in&nbsp; 7:42 the teeth like I have a couple of times,&nbsp; 7:44 just carry on with what you're doing.&nbsp; 7:46 And if it still persists, you might need&nbsp; 7:48 to go up a dose, but don't panic. It's&nbsp; 7:50 not the end of the world like it was for&nbsp; 7:52 me. I've seen people on my Facebook&nbsp; 7:54 group um moaning about, not moaning is&nbsp; 7:56 the worst way, but saying, "Oh, it's not&nbsp; 7:58 worth it." And I've been there. But just&nbsp; 8:00 remember that move up a dose, but give&nbsp; 8:02 it time. Don't expect the the food noise&nbsp; 8:05 to stay there for a long as long as&nbsp; 8:06 possible. It can go, but don't panic.&nbsp; 8:09 Number five, you may lose weight even&nbsp; 8:11 when you're not trying, even when you've&nbsp; 8:13 been naughty. Now, this sound going to&nbsp; 8:15 sound crazy, but if you've slipped and&nbsp; 8:18 if the food noises kicked in and uh&nbsp; 8:20 you've had, like I did, pizza, Burger&nbsp; 8:23 King, and all the bad stuff, well,&nbsp; 8:26 don't feel like you've you failed at it,&nbsp; 8:29 and you might have actually lost some&nbsp; 8:31 weight. It's weird because I had all&nbsp; 8:32 these things and I lost 8 lb. It just&nbsp; 8:35 seemed impossible. But if you lose&nbsp; 8:37 weight after eating something big, don't&nbsp; 8:40 panic. It's not that you're being ill.&nbsp; 8:42 It's just that you might not even know&nbsp; 8:44 it, but your body is eating differently&nbsp; 8:46 than usual. Um, it might need the extra&nbsp; 8:49 calories to help you boost you. Or the&nbsp; 8:52 fact that you might actually be eating&nbsp; 8:54 less than you even knew. Like I got a&nbsp; 8:56 whole big pizza. I ate the whole thing.&nbsp; 8:58 The whole thing in 2 seconds. But I will&nbsp; 9:00 say I couldn't eat again all the rest of&nbsp; 9:02 the day. I didn't know. I didn't realize&nbsp; 9:04 because I was only concentrating on, oh,&nbsp; 9:06 I ate that pizza, but I didn't eat&nbsp; 9:08 anything else that day. Still is not the&nbsp; 9:10 best idea if you can avoid it. But if it&nbsp; 9:13 happens, don't panic. And if especially&nbsp; 9:16 if you lose weight after it because it&nbsp; 9:18 still can you can still lose weight. So&nbsp; 9:20 don't worry. And if you do kick yourself&nbsp; 9:22 in the teeth, make sure you go to the&nbsp; 9:23 dentist after it and get them fixed and&nbsp; 9:25 get back on track. Now, when I say get&nbsp; 9:27 back on track, I should say this. Look,&nbsp; 9:30 it's a long-term thing that we all got&nbsp; 9:32 go through. It's a plan and it's a thing&nbsp; 9:35 we need to learn. It might take weeks.&nbsp; 9:37 It might take a year to get into a&nbsp; 9:39 certain routine. And so, if you slip up&nbsp; 9:41 now and again, it's okay. And and you&nbsp; 9:43 know what? The best of us do. So, it's&nbsp; 9:46 still adjusting into our bodies. Even if&nbsp; 9:48 you're six to 7 months in, some people&nbsp; 9:50 are still adjusting. and getting used to&nbsp; 9:53 a um a routine that even in the year&nbsp; 9:57 that you've been trying to get into with&nbsp; 9:58 the last 10, 20 years, what five,&nbsp; 10:01 whatever it is, yeah, it's not easy just&nbsp; 10:03 to break. So, if you do slip up now and&nbsp; 10:05 again, don't worry about it. Just carry&nbsp; 10:08 on. Again, it's still adjusting to&nbsp; 10:10 ourselves and we're all good. Now,&nbsp; 10:13 number six, if you're feeling this is a&nbsp; 10:15 side effect you could say, but if you're&nbsp; 10:16 feeling exhausted and um it's you're&nbsp; 10:20 feeling extremely tired, make sure that&nbsp; 10:23 you are definitely still eating enough&nbsp; 10:25 and getting all your calories in. Um&nbsp; 10:28 because it could be that now it could be&nbsp; 10:31 just a side effect. Get some sun in the&nbsp; 10:33 morning. If you can get some daylight in&nbsp; 10:34 the morning, it helps your vitamin D. If&nbsp; 10:37 you're still tired, sleep. Just sleep.&nbsp; 10:40 because I slept for about 2 weeks&nbsp; 10:42 straight and it is a side effect. For&nbsp; 10:44 me, it passes. If it doesn't, check with&nbsp; 10:47 your GP. Also, take magnesium. Magnesium&nbsp; 10:50 helps with your sleeping and all that&nbsp; 10:52 kind of stuff. And also check with your&nbsp; 10:54 G GP if you can take that too. What I&nbsp; 10:56 was saying is is that um if you are&nbsp; 10:59 tired and if you're able, sleep when you&nbsp; 11:02 can because it will pass. Now again, it&nbsp; 11:06 it could go on for days, it could go on&nbsp; 11:08 for a week, but for me, it went on for&nbsp; 11:10 now, if it consistently keeps going.&nbsp; 11:12 There could be some other kind of&nbsp; 11:13 problem. So again, get that checked out.&nbsp; 11:15 But make sure you get make sure you're&nbsp; 11:17 eating properly. Make sure you're&nbsp; 11:18 getting all your calories, the amount,&nbsp; 11:20 because it could be that. Make sure&nbsp; 11:21 you're getting all the water you need.&nbsp; 11:23 Try and take some magnesium, and get&nbsp; 11:26 some daylight. It's those things are&nbsp; 11:28 really important. So if you're feeling&nbsp; 11:30 tired and you've taken all those things,&nbsp; 11:32 just rest. just rest because your body's&nbsp; 11:34 still getting used to the mangjaro and&nbsp; 11:36 it's like what's going on what's going&nbsp; 11:38 on either you're hyper or you're&nbsp; 11:40 sleeping and I've got bipolar so I'm one&nbsp; 11:42 or the other anyway but the thing is is&nbsp; 11:44 that just don't panic sleep if it goes&nbsp; 11:47 too long check with your GP number seven&nbsp; 11:50 about mental health now whether you&nbsp; 11:52 suffer from mental health issues like I&nbsp; 11:54 do I've got bipolar which can be a&nbsp; 11:56 roller coaster some people who don't can&nbsp; 11:58 still start getting mood kind of issues&nbsp; 12:01 because of the mjari Again, that's&nbsp; 12:04 because your body is getting used to not&nbsp; 12:06 eating and it's a mental shift. It's not&nbsp; 12:08 just a physical thing. It's also a&nbsp; 12:10 mental thing. So, you've got like all&nbsp; 12:13 these things going on in your body and&nbsp; 12:16 your your old habits want to kick in,&nbsp; 12:18 but you're not in the mood for it. And&nbsp; 12:19 you might feel low and you might feel&nbsp; 12:21 high. But look, it's, as I said, it's&nbsp; 12:24 more than physical. So, if you've got a&nbsp; 12:26 good friend to talk to, talk to a&nbsp; 12:28 friend. Now, I've got um a Facebook&nbsp; 12:30 group which is amazing for help and tips&nbsp; 12:33 and you know all the good things and&nbsp; 12:36 everyone's so nice to each other and I&nbsp; 12:38 find the community is one of the biggest&nbsp; 12:39 things that's helped me through and uh I&nbsp; 12:42 don't feel alone so you shouldn't feel&nbsp; 12:43 alone either. Also, if you leave&nbsp; 12:45 anything and you want to chat in the&nbsp; 12:47 comments or you want to message me&nbsp; 12:48 through Facebook, I'm welcome. So don't&nbsp; 12:50 feel alone because if you've got the&nbsp; 12:53 food noise and if you've got a real low&nbsp; 12:55 mood and you feel bad and you don't have&nbsp; 12:57 to have any mental health issues before&nbsp; 12:59 this, these things can happen and your&nbsp; 13:03 whole body and your routine is changing.&nbsp; 13:05 So you're on this kind of a roller&nbsp; 13:07 coaster in general anyway. So don't feel&nbsp; 13:09 alone. If you feel real bad, obviously I&nbsp; 13:12 keep saying this, check with your GP.&nbsp; 13:14 And now why I say that is one, I'm not a&nbsp; 13:16 doctor, so I'm not giving out actual&nbsp; 13:18 advice. I'm just giving recommendations&nbsp; 13:20 that I've gone through. But what I will&nbsp; 13:23 say is is that I notice a lot of people&nbsp; 13:25 haven't been calling or speaking to&nbsp; 13:27 their GP because they're scared that um&nbsp; 13:31 oh they'll take me off the Mjaro. It's&nbsp; 13:33 possible, but what's more important?&nbsp; 13:35 Your health in the long term or just&nbsp; 13:38 looking better and feeling better? You&nbsp; 13:40 have to make choices. Now my doctor said&nbsp; 13:43 I have to make choices. you either die&nbsp; 13:45 because you're going to be fat and have&nbsp; 13:46 a heart attack or lose some weight. So,&nbsp; 13:49 I'm losing the weight. But if that's&nbsp; 13:51 also affecting me in other ways, you&nbsp; 13:53 have to make choices. So, if anything&nbsp; 13:55 goes wrong that you don't feel happy&nbsp; 13:57 about, don't be scared to call your&nbsp; 13:59 doctor because if you have to come off&nbsp; 14:00 it, then so be it. There sure there's&nbsp; 14:02 another way of doing it. So, just that's&nbsp; 14:04 why I keep saying check with your GP.&nbsp; 14:06 All right. Number eight. So, it's not a&nbsp; 14:08 race. So if you feel one week you've&nbsp; 14:11 lost we'll say 5 lb and the week after&nbsp; 14:13 you've lost one don't be down on&nbsp; 14:15 yourself because it could be something&nbsp; 14:17 else could be that you've built up&nbsp; 14:18 muscle could be some it could be&nbsp; 14:20 completely different. Now do they reckon&nbsp; 14:22 staying around 2 lb a week is more&nbsp; 14:24 sustainable because remember if you&nbsp; 14:27 eventually ever want to come off mjara&nbsp; 14:29 or if you're trying to keep a plan&nbsp; 14:32 losing weight loss weight and that is&nbsp; 14:34 your main goal to lose as much as it's&nbsp; 14:36 not sustainable because you'll get to&nbsp; 14:38 the point where you're really hungry&nbsp; 14:40 you're looking skinny that's great but&nbsp; 14:42 it won't be sustainable and over time&nbsp; 14:45 you may even start creeping up weight&nbsp; 14:46 and it's got other health issues. So&nbsp; 14:49 look, if you lose eight pound in one&nbsp; 14:50 week, that's great. And that's because&nbsp; 14:52 even if you're not trying to lose, it&nbsp; 14:54 just happened and you're eating well,&nbsp; 14:56 you're doing all this, that's great. You&nbsp; 14:57 lose one pound a week, it's okay. Just&nbsp; 14:59 stick with it. But don't try and rush&nbsp; 15:02 anything. Don't try and starving&nbsp; 15:04 yourself. Don't try and miss meals.&nbsp; 15:06 Don't do any of these things. Keep to&nbsp; 15:08 what you know. Just eat your meals,&nbsp; 15:09 drink your water, and all that good&nbsp; 15:11 things. Whether it's up or down is good&nbsp; 15:13 as long as you feel good. Even if the&nbsp; 15:15 pound is it's only a pound, if you feel&nbsp; 15:17 good, that's the main thing. And even if&nbsp; 15:19 you don't, just stick with it, but don't&nbsp; 15:21 try and push it. Number nine, you need a&nbsp; 15:24 routine. Now, track your meals. Take&nbsp; 15:27 your injection the same time, same day&nbsp; 15:30 every week. Um, I know people do micro&nbsp; 15:32 doses and that's all fine, but try and&nbsp; 15:35 take it the same time every week. You&nbsp; 15:36 need a routine. Now, track your food,&nbsp; 15:39 check your calories, check all that, but&nbsp; 15:41 try and get into a routine where you're&nbsp; 15:44 eating certain amount per day. You're&nbsp; 15:46 eating them out um the same time every&nbsp; 15:48 day. Because remember, your body's so&nbsp; 15:51 used to eating crap all the time when&nbsp; 15:54 you want when you're feeling low&nbsp; 15:56 whenever you're hungry. What you want to&nbsp; 15:58 be able to do is if you ever decide to&nbsp; 16:00 come off Benjaro, we'll say it's a year,&nbsp; 16:01 give it a year or so, at least your&nbsp; 16:04 brain now is in the kind of a routine&nbsp; 16:06 where even if you're still hungry,&nbsp; 16:08 you're you're eating those times in the&nbsp; 16:10 day, which we're not I'm not I wasn't&nbsp; 16:12 used to. I'll eat whenever I'm hungry,&nbsp; 16:14 feeling low. In a year's time, when you&nbsp; 16:17 get to used to doing these things, get&nbsp; 16:19 yourself in your brain and your body&nbsp; 16:21 into a routine. Even if you start coming&nbsp; 16:23 off mangaro, at least you've finally&nbsp; 16:26 created a kind of a muscle memory&nbsp; 16:29 routine in your head. So you can do that&nbsp; 16:32 still when you come off it because you&nbsp; 16:34 can't just start a big routine the day&nbsp; 16:36 after you've been eating chocolate and&nbsp; 16:38 everything for 10 years. Yeah. So give&nbsp; 16:41 yourself a year to create this routine.&nbsp; 16:43 It may not happen overnight. Don't be&nbsp; 16:45 obsessive about it either. I mean we all&nbsp; 16:47 slip up now and again again again as I&nbsp; 16:49 said but try and build up that routine&nbsp; 16:52 over how long you're going to be on&nbsp; 16:53 mjaro and if you stay on manaro still&nbsp; 16:55 it's good to have that routine so your&nbsp; 16:57 body knows when and what what's&nbsp; 16:59 happening it gets used to it. Number 10&nbsp; 17:01 mjaro is a miracle drug but it isn't&nbsp; 17:05 everything. It's a tool of one of many&nbsp; 17:07 things you need. Yeah. Now if anyone&nbsp; 17:10 says to you oh it's it's just an easy&nbsp; 17:12 way out. It isn't. It's a miracle drug.&nbsp; 17:14 But one thing I learned from the&nbsp; 17:16 beginning, I stuck myself and thought,&nbsp; 17:17 "Right, sit back. You know, I'm going to&nbsp; 17:19 get skinny." No, it doesn't work like&nbsp; 17:20 that. You still have to do the work. You&nbsp; 17:22 still have to eat. As I said, all the&nbsp; 17:24 things I said. Now, if you don't do all&nbsp; 17:27 the work, it's not just going to work on&nbsp; 17:29 its own. So, just remember that it's not&nbsp; 17:31 a miracle drug and it ain't going to do&nbsp; 17:34 everything for you. Yeah. And a lot of&nbsp; 17:36 people like myself think, "Oh, it&nbsp; 17:40 doesn't work like that." So, anyone who&nbsp; 17:42 says to you, "Oh, is the easy way out?"&nbsp; 17:44 Trust me, anyone who's been on it for a&nbsp; 17:46 while, it isn't. Yeah. Who wants to be&nbsp; 17:48 sticking? First of all, who wants to be&nbsp; 17:50 sticking themselves once a week with an&nbsp; 17:51 injection on their own at home? Nobody.&nbsp; 17:54 Second of all, uh some people don't uh&nbsp; 17:57 still have to suffer from the food noise&nbsp; 17:58 and all these things. You still have to&nbsp; 18:00 exercise. You still have to buy stuff.&nbsp; 18:01 You have still have to do the routine.&nbsp; 18:03 None of this is easy. Yeah. Even if you&nbsp; 18:05 haven't got the food noise, getting into&nbsp; 18:07 that routine after you've been out of it&nbsp; 18:08 for a long time isn't easy. and&nbsp; 18:10 exercise. All right. So, this is just&nbsp; 18:12 another tip I've learned from&nbsp; 18:14 experience. Yeah. And it's important and&nbsp; 18:16 it's true. So,&nbsp; 18:19 you need to do All right. So, when&nbsp; 18:22 you're losing loads of weight, you lose&nbsp; 18:23 muscle muscle mass. Now, people don't&nbsp; 18:26 know what's that. You just lose muscle&nbsp; 18:28 mass. Yeah. You lose strength, you could&nbsp; 18:29 say. And that's fine, but a lot of&nbsp; 18:31 people don't know is when you put the&nbsp; 18:33 weight back on, you don't gain the&nbsp; 18:35 muscle back the muscle mass back like&nbsp; 18:37 you did when you lose it or what you&nbsp; 18:39 originally had before you lost it. So,&nbsp; 18:41 it's very important that you try and do&nbsp; 18:43 some exercises. Yeah. Even if you're&nbsp; 18:46 very you're not able to do a lot, you&nbsp; 18:48 know, maybe if you're struggling and&nbsp; 18:50 you're not in the position to be able to&nbsp; 18:51 jog or run and do weights and all that,&nbsp; 18:53 that's fine. But try and do something.&nbsp; 18:56 Even if you lift two cans of two cartons&nbsp; 19:00 of milk or cans of beans, it might sound&nbsp; 19:03 heavy to some people, but I'm telling&nbsp; 19:05 you, you do that for a little while, you&nbsp; 19:06 start feeling the the resistance. Now,&nbsp; 19:09 if you're sitting in a chair and you&nbsp; 19:11 can't just lift your legs back and&nbsp; 19:14 forwards as much as you can, and you&nbsp; 19:16 feel the resistance, everything helps&nbsp; 19:19 because you want to see if you can keep&nbsp; 19:21 the muscle mass. If you put the weight&nbsp; 19:23 back on, you're not putting the muscle&nbsp; 19:24 mass on. And if you stay lean and skinny&nbsp; 19:27 and it all works out for you, you still&nbsp; 19:30 want to retain some muscle mass to be&nbsp; 19:31 strong. Also, it helps to lose skin&nbsp; 19:33 because the obviously the bigger your&nbsp; 19:35 arms, all right, look, it helps. Even if&nbsp; 19:37 you don't get massive, it still helps&nbsp; 19:40 with all that. But again, you want to&nbsp; 19:41 keep your strength up and when you're&nbsp; 19:43 losing muscle mass and you're feeling&nbsp; 19:45 weak, it also kind of puts you in a bad&nbsp; 19:48 mood anyway, you know. But this is&nbsp; 19:50 something now I knew from boxing and&nbsp; 19:51 iikido. I actually found this out a long&nbsp; 19:53 time ago. So losing weight, slimming&nbsp; 19:56 down, getting ready for something or a&nbsp; 19:58 fight or whatever you're doing. Yeah,&nbsp; 20:00 you need to keep up your strength&nbsp; 20:01 because you lose all that and you don't&nbsp; 20:03 want to lose that. And if you put a hell&nbsp; 20:05 of a lot of weight back on, you're not&nbsp; 20:07 putting all the muscle mass back on and&nbsp; 20:09 it's going to be harder to lose even&nbsp; 20:10 more weight after it. Yeah. So, what I'm&nbsp; 20:14 going to say to you is about your GP.&nbsp; 20:16 I've said it before, you need check&nbsp; 20:18 everything I've said. Go and do your&nbsp; 20:20 research. Check everything I've said.&nbsp; 20:22 use mine as a template and do check&nbsp; 20:23 every single one out to see if it suits&nbsp; 20:25 you or not. Check with your GP with&nbsp; 20:27 everything. I am not a GP if you've not&nbsp; 20:30 noticed cuz I don't know anything about&nbsp; 20:32 anything really. This is just things&nbsp; 20:33 that I've learned and found out over the&nbsp; 20:35 course of the last 3 months. People from&nbsp; 20:37 the comments, people in the Mara&nbsp; 20:40 community which are amazing. This is&nbsp; 20:42 what I've learned, experience, some&nbsp; 20:43 things I do actually know, believe it or&nbsp; 20:45 not. But I would check the GP because&nbsp; 20:49 not everything suits everyone. And&nbsp; 20:50 again, I'm really angry at the people&nbsp; 20:53 that say, "Oh, I don't want to speak to&nbsp; 20:55 the GP cuz he might take me off it or&nbsp; 20:57 she, sorry, she or they might take me&nbsp; 20:59 off it." Well, that's stupid because&nbsp; 21:03 just say your GP has to take you off it&nbsp; 21:05 temporarily because they want to make&nbsp; 21:07 sure you fix whatever the problem is.&nbsp; 21:10 You might be able to go back on it, but&nbsp; 21:11 just say you don't tell your GP and you&nbsp; 21:13 get really sick and then you have to&nbsp; 21:15 come off it. You may never be able to&nbsp; 21:16 come back on it again. So, just remember&nbsp; 21:19 if you don't want to come off it with&nbsp; 21:20 the GP, you may never be able to get&nbsp; 21:22 back on it if you don't fix the problem&nbsp; 21:25 or it might even lead to long some more&nbsp; 21:27 long-term health cuz not all all these&nbsp; 21:29 things benefit everyone. So, these are&nbsp; 21:32 just tips to look in, check out, but GP&nbsp; 21:34 needs to know everything you're doing.&nbsp; 21:36 You need to make sure I don't want you&nbsp; 21:38 getting sick no matter what happens.&nbsp; 21:40 We're all in the same boat. We're all&nbsp; 21:41 this together. We're doing it all&nbsp; 21:43 together. So please, please, please&nbsp; 21:45 don't ignore what I'm saying and check&nbsp; 21:47 with everything I'm saying about it.&nbsp; 21:49 Yeah. Now, one more very very very&nbsp; 21:53 super important thing. Yeah. This is the&nbsp; 21:55 biggest tip of all is I should have sort&nbsp; 21:57 said this at the beginning. Yeah. If you&nbsp; 21:58 don't do it, it's it could be bad. So,&nbsp; 22:02 make sure you like and subscribe cuz if&nbsp; 22:05 you don't, I'll pop around. I'll find&nbsp; 22:07 out where you live. I'll come around and&nbsp; 22:09 I'll give you the biggest biggest wet&nbsp; 22:12 kiss you've ever had in your life. And&nbsp; 22:14 you don't want all this in your face and&nbsp; 22:16 in your eyes and in your ears and in&nbsp; 22:18 between your teeth for the rest of the&nbsp; 22:20 day. I've got enough to deal with it my&nbsp; 22:22 during the day myself. So don't get to&nbsp; 22:24 that point cuz I mean it. I will. So&nbsp; 22:26 there's all my tips for now. Um I'm sure&nbsp; 22:29 there's more tips out there and if you&nbsp; 22:31 know any, please let them know in the&nbsp; 22:32 comments because all the people who are&nbsp; 22:34 in the comments be able to see it as&nbsp; 22:36 well. Um, unless you're a doctor, don't&nbsp; 22:39 start telling people what to do, but&nbsp; 22:40 just give out your tips of what you&nbsp; 22:42 think you are or what you've gone&nbsp; 22:43 through. If you've gone through any of&nbsp; 22:45 the things or you know what I'm talking&nbsp; 22:46 about, please let me know that, too. I&nbsp; 22:48 read all the comments. I get back to you&nbsp; 22:50 all because I feel like if you took the&nbsp; 22:52 time to write it, I take the time to&nbsp; 22:55 read it and reply. So, yeah. So, there's&nbsp; 22:57 my tips. Please like and subscribe cuz I&nbsp; 23:00 told you what will happen if you don't.&nbsp; 23:01 And remember this, if I can do this, so&nbsp; 23:04 can you. But for now and until next&nbsp; 23:07 time.

- I Lost 17kg in 12 Weeks on Mounjaro (Full GLP-1 Journey & Results): Kind: captions Language: en before three months. After three months, today marks three months since I started taking Mangaro. I have officially lost 17 kilos, which is about 37 12 lb in 12 weeks, 3 months. That is my progress, everyone. Goal weight, where I am, and how much I've lost and where I started. Get a screenshot of that. In this video, I'm going to walk you through my starting point, my results, side effects, what's worked, what hasn't, what I've been doing, my dose journey, and my biggest lessons learned so far. If you're new here, I would recommend pausing, pause, pause, pause, go back and watch my earlier videos, including my first video where I talk about why I'm starting this journey. It was filmed on day one when I took my first injection. It'll shed some light on where I was, where I started, my mindset at the time. And I also have been documenting this whole journey, vlogging every week. There is a link up there and down below for my Mjaro journey playlist that has everything to do with Mjaro in it. And also my monthby-month wrap-up videos. I'm doing something a little bit different. I'm going from the start to month three in this video. My other monthly wrap-up videos are just comparing the progress for that month from start to finish. If you've been following along, welcome back. How are you going? How's your journey going? I've actually just filmed footage of me trying on clothes. Week one, I tried on clothes that currently fit me and clothes that I couldn't fit into that I really wanted to be able to. I tried everything on again today and I filmed it. Pretty much everything that was not able to fit me three months ago fits me now. Some of the clothing's loose. I actually got quite emotional. We're going to start with results because that's what you're all here for. >> 97 kg is 213.85 lb. >> So, I started at 213.85 lb or 97 kilos. The day I took my injection, I was actually 96. So, I'd lost a kilo from when I got my prescription, which was I think a gap of about 4 weeks from when I weighed myself, took my measurements, had my consult, ended up getting my prescription. It was sent to me when I started taking it. In all that space of time, I already I lost a kilo somehow. I think it must have been my period. So, anyway, officially I started at 97 with my doctor. Day 1 96. At the end of week 12, I have weighed in at 79.7 kilos. 79.7 kg is 175.71 lb. >> I'm under 80 kilos, which I haven't been since like 201 17, maybe. I've lost 17 kilos or 37 12 So, here's how my measurements have changed from week 1 to week 12. Because it's not just about the scale, the way that you feel, how your clothes feel and fit you, and how you see yourself and everyone else around you, like that is clearly progress as well. Around my chest, I've lost 13 cm or 5.1 in around my waist and also around my stomach. I've lost the same 18 cm or 7.1 in around my hips and around each thigh. I've lost the same amount, 11 cm or 4.31 in. And around my biceps, I've lost 9 cm or 3.5 in. That's a total of 80 cm or 31 12 in from my body overall. 80 cm. I've already had to buy new clothes. My rings fit me again. I'm constantly getting people asking me what I've been doing. Have I lost weight? It feels amazing to finally feel like myself again. I've had to wear belts as well to keep my clothes up. The ones that fit me when I started Mangjaro were around a size 16 or 18. XL, XXL was generally what size I would buy and wear. A lot of those clothes don't fit me anymore. As you can see, a lot of them are way too big. Some of these clothes I kept because I really wanted to be able to wear them again. And also just as a good reference to see what size I used to be and what size I wanted to be again. And some of these are size 12, some are large, some are medium, some are a 14, some are a 10. It feels amazing to feel more like me again. And it's only taken 3 months to get here. And I'm still going. I've got a couple more kilos to lose to get my to my goal weight. So, I'm actually in a bit of disbelief. It's just been so easy. I'm not going to go through each week. If you want to see my first two months where I lost most of the weight, watch the two monthly recap videos. I kind of go into more detail and summarize each week. I'm in Australia. I've got the quick pen which is four official doses and then there's a fifth dose at the moment still in the pens even though they've announced they're changing them. So I did 5 weeks on two and a half and then I decided to go up to five. The next five weeks I did on 5 milligrams obviously including the fifth dose for the last two weeks of my three months week 11 and week 12 which is just finished. I went back down to 2 1/2 mg. So if you don't include the kilo that I lost before I started injecting myself with Mjaro. In weeks 1 to 5, I lost 10.2 kilos. In week one, I think I lost 4 and 1/2. Weeks 6 to 10 on 5 millig. I lost about 4 kilos or 8.8 lb. And then the last 2 weeks on back down to 2 1/2 mg, I've lost another 2.8 kilos or 2 lb. Overall, I found two and a half has really worked for me. I had great results in the first 5 weeks. I'll cover a bit more about my side effects in the next chapter of this video. But the reason I went back to two and a half is generally because I got really strong intense constipation on five. Even though the side effects everyone wants, hunger suppression and no food noise, they were great. I didn't really have any issues. It was probably optimal for me at five for those side effects, but the constipation I just couldn't get under control. I tried quite a couple of different ways to get around it. I have IBS, so I really don't want to exacerbate anything digestively, if that makes sense. And I was kind of yo-yoing between diarrhea and constipation, generally really bad constipation. And it just wasn't getting any better. was getting worse because this medication is a compound medication. I decided to try going back to 2 and 1/2 to see if it would help and if I still saw results. I've lost two nearly 3 kilos in the last 2 weeks. The constipation has leveled out. Thank the Lord. Obviously, I've got less medication in my system. It's only week two, so it'll get a little bit more less and less. I'm getting a little bit of food noise, but it's manageable. And a little bit of hunger, which is normal. These are both things that I will have to deal with or learn to deal with when I'm not on this medication or before I go off it. So, I don't mind it. It reminds me of what it's like when you're not on Mount Jaro. I'm still feeling really full really quickly. I'm barely getting any headaches, which is fantastic cuz I'm a headachy person. I'm going to quickly go over my side effects based on my dose and my journey so far. Obviously, everyone is different. That's one of the biggest things I've learned about side effects is everyone's going to react differently. Yes, there are common side effects, severe ones, rare ones. The ones that I was expecting to have more or less was nearly the opposite to that. These are my main side effects. Constipation, obviously, like I just spoke about, biggest struggle, I wasn't prepared. I didn't have a plan in place. I was just like, oh, constipation, because I have IBS, generally more diarrhea or IBS. I thought I was going to get really bad diarrhea. I thought it was just going to go fully that way. I was so unprepared to be so constipated. Oh, nausea. First week was pretty bad. Usually I get a little bit after my injection, like the day after. This week I didn't have anything. It's Sunday. I took my injection last night. Haven't had any nausea. Dry mouth. Dry mouth. That's quite common though, I think, with a lot of people. IBS symptoms. I've just touched on that lightly. It's generally what I experienced. Some weeks it was when I went up to five, I had a bit of a yo-yo. So, in the same day, I'd have constipation then diarrhea or the other way around. Haven't really had a lot of tummy aches or anything. I have had a few. I've missed one day off work because I had really intense everything. I had the works was not great. the gas and the burping which started on 5 milligrams after I went out for the first time and had restaurant food because mangaro slows your digestion down. It took a few days to digest and I was getting really really intense burping. Not sulfury just really strong fullbodied every 10 minutes all day belching burping. It was horrendous. That lasted a couple of days and that resulted in my day off work. I feel like it was to do with what I ate more than anything, which is a lesson learned. The only thing that I struggle with is forgetting to eat. You don't get the hunger as often. You don't think about food. You don't crave food generally. Even on 2.5, that is still there. It's just not totally eradicated. So, I can still forget to eat, which I have like yesterday I forgot to eat. Honestly, I'm a lot happier at 2 and 1/2. So far, it's effective. It's also very sustainable for me and I'm not getting too reliant on that feeling of not being hungry, not thinking about food, blah blah blah. My problem is portion sizes and eating too much in one go, not stopping when I'm full. So, that has been something I've really worked on and has been a lot easier for me because of Mjaro. You feel fuller quicker, you feel fuller for longer, you don't think about food, you don't crave food. All those things help. The main benefit for me is when going back to two and a half, not as much constipation, barely any, and it's cheaper. Food, calories, daily routine. When I started, I used an online calculator to figure out what my daily calorie goal was going to be based off wanting to lose at least half a kilo a week. I thought, what is sustainable and realistic and healthy? And I thought half a kilo is recommended. Half to 1 kilo obviously is optimal. I'll I'll aim for half a kilo and see how we go. It was about 1,200 calories a day based on being really sedentary. Office job, desk job, just walking to and from the office, no exercise, nothing ma major based on my weight, my height, age, blah blah blah. I just went off that and then aiming for 100 g of protein and about 25 g of fiber per day. I don't eat a lot of junk food. Like I said, it's portion sizes for me. It's my main problem. So, I found like foods that are really easy for me to prepare like for meal prep and are nutritious, full of flavor, clean. So, just vegetables and chicken essentially is what I've been mainly eating. I will add in other things. I also have salmon and one steak a week. Lots of vegetables, low FODMAP, IBS friendly food, obviously. Lately, I've been loving kiwi fruit because that's really high in fiber, so it's good for IBS. I also adjusted that calorie goal every month because I was losing weight. I will also need to adjust that when I start moving a bit more and doing a lot a bit more exercise, focusing on getting enough nutritious food and getting enough fuel for the day. But I also am able to fit in things that I like, treats. Having said that, I don't really crave a lot of treats anymore, but I am still enjoying things like dairyfree ice cream, the odd chocolate here and there. got this really great chocolate coconut water which is so nice. Love it. I'm not just like being really bland and boring. I'm still allowing myself to have things I love. Like on the weekend I have eggs on toast. I have butter. Like it's not all doom and gloom. And even when I'm been eating out, I've just eaten to feeling full having dessert. Still losing weight. It's just more how much I'm putting in my mouth. I generally have a coffee in the morning followed by a protein smoothie. That's generally what I have for breakfast during the week because it's easy. Also, I didn't track anything in week one and two, which was probably a mistake on my part. I then decided to start using the Pep GLP1 tracker app to log everything including my meals, water, shots, side effects, notes, progress, measurements, weighins, like everything goes in that app at any time. I can pick it up and just note that like, oh, I'm feeling really whatever, which has been a game changer. Hugely useful. I've got a code. It's Samantha 19. If you use that, you get $10 off your annual Pro subscription. I tried a few different apps to see which one I like the most. That was the best one for me. And you can also scan your food and it just like determines how much nutritionally is on the plate. It's amazing. When it comes to my lifestyle, I've been really bad. I keep saying that I need to start exercising in the mornings. I'm not a morning person. I'm struggling here. I'm really That's the one thing I need to sort out is my motivation to get up early in the morning to exercise. And I don't mean like doing like hit workouts or anything. I just mean like doing some yoga, pilates, foam rolling. I really need to start incorporating that into my routine. And I keep saying it and everyone who's been watching my videos and my progress is probably like, "Oh, we're sick of hearing about you and your intention to exercise. Just like start just do it already." [sighs and gasps] Gosh. Tools and support. There are two other things I've been using alongside Maljaro that I really recommend. One is a ring, smart ring. I also have obviously an Apple Watch, but I don't wear this to bed. This is a sleep tracking ring, but it also tracks steps, heart rate, potty temperature, cycle tracking. The list goes on. It's nuts how much you can do. My discount code for 10% off is SRK 10. The other thing I've started using is a 5in-1 cavitation machine. If you're on a Mandaro journey or you're going to go on one and you're worried about loose skin or you have loose skin, you need to get yourself a at home 5in-1 cavitation machine. I've got a discount and a link in the description for the one that I use. You can also use it on your face for like anti-aging lessons and reflections. What's the biggest lesson I've learned at this stage? Um, I think slow and steady does win the race. Obviously, month one was huge for me. I had a massive drop, 10.2 2 kilos. It felt incredible. I was really shocked. Amazing results, like really good. But month two and three have showed me like what long-term progress should look like because I've kind of lost a more of a steady amount in month two and three. It's not always linear. It's not always fast, but it's working. I never thought I'd be able to lose the weight. Honestly, I thought, "Oh, this is me." I thought, "Oh, I'm getting older. It's getting harder. I've tried everything. Whatever I do, I just can't. It's just get I'm putting weight on instead of losing it. Like I just I was just at a loss. I'm actually really really proud. I'm in disbelief. I can't actually compute. I just I honestly was like this is this isn't going to work either. Like it'll work for everyone else, but it's not going to work for me. If you're thinking about starting a GLP1 medication, please seek professional medical advice. Don't listen to me. I'm just sharing my experience with you all. Make sure you have a plan for any side effects if you have them. Like, don't just go in blindly. Make sure you're getting enough fiber from the get-go. Make sure you're getting enough protein. I would also suggest meal prepping. That's been huge because it's ready and done. I don't have to feel like, oh, I can't be bothered cooking. I'll just have something quick and easy. Like, I always have prepared meals fresh. Water, protein, and fiber. Those three things. Remember, everyone's journey looks different. Get a soft measuring tape. Measure yourself. Make note of it. Use an app to track your progress. Seeing it all on a screen in front of you daily. The motivation honestly, like I know that I have an affiliate code and obviously I benefit if you download the Pep app and use it, but game changer. And on that note, best decision, one of the best decisions I've ever made. This has been lifechanging. Life-changing. Actually, you know what else I haven't done? I haven't checked my BMI. Let's do this together. We're going to use the one that's the Lily, which is the manufacturer of Mjaro. Height 177. Weight n uh 79.7. Calculate. [sighs] My BMI is 25.4. I started in the obesity range. My BMI was like 30 whatever. And if your BMI is between 25 and 29.9, so just under 30 in that 5 to 30 category, 25 to 30, you are categorized as overweight. My BMI is 25.4. So I'm point4 over. To get to a healthy weight range, I need to be between 18 and a half and 24.9. I'm nearly there. This weight loss journey, it's just a journey, a life journey. It's taught me so much, but there are a few things that have stood out. With the exception of like week one where I lost 4 and a half kilos, it's been fairly consistent. I've had a few weeks where I've lost nothing. A few weeks where it's been about half a kilo here and there, but it's been pretty steady and consistent, especially my measurements. Steady progress is optimal. It's ideal and it's healthier. Going up to five has been marginal for me. There are a lot of opinions going around two and a half is a starter dose. Go up to the highest dose possible as soon as you can. Stay on 2 and 1/2 as long as you can. First piece of advice I was given by the doctor was stay on two and a half as long as you can. If it's working for you, there's no need for you to go up. I sort of regret going up to five, but I wanted to see what the side effects were like. That was the plan cuz that was slowly coming back. I thought, well, let's go up to five. Let's try it. If the side effects are manageable, great. The fifth dose is a no-brainer, especially before they start changing all the pens. If you don't know what the fifth dose is, I've done it twice in my vlog. So, if you're curious, just find the vlogs. Week five and week 10. That's when I do the fifth dose. It's just the leftover bit in the quick pen. But if I think in the US, you don't get a quick pen. You get one dose per pen. So, sorry. I'm really proud that I've learned to listen to my body. I've learned to not give myself as much food. My eyes are no longer too big for my stomach. When I'm full, I stop eating. Constipation has been the hardest challenge that I was not expecting and the biggest learning curve. Ironically, because I have IBS, you would think I would already have that sorted. Water, protein, and fiber, they make a massive difference to how you feel every day. I had no problems drinking lots of water, but sometimes I would still not be the best. There will be a video shortly where I will cover how I get my prescription, why I chose Mangaro, any other commonly asked questions. If you've got any that you want me to answer based off this video or any of my other videos, please write it in the comments and I will try and answer that in that video which is coming out soon. especially where I get my prescription from, how I got my prescription in the first place, what healthcare provider I'm using, where I get my actual medication from in Australia, all of that stuff. I'm going to cover that in another video because otherwise this video will be way too long. In my first video for this Mjaro journey series playlist, I cover my goal weight, which is 75 kilos. So, I am I'm nearly there. What am I? 4.7 kilos away. I reckon I will hit that in the next month. The goal is to get to my goal weight, which is 75. And I used that number because that's what I weighed I think in like 2017 or something. I've got like scan body scans from those like in gym scanner things and I've got measurements and I used to have to measure myself when I was modeling. So I've I got a fair idea of what I look like or what my body was like at certain weights. So I thought 75 was a nice round number. So that is the goal at the moment. I've never had a huge amount to lose. So I'm not in a huge rush. As for how long I plan to stay on Mount Jaro, I will discuss that with my doctor probably in a month when I finish my next pen. My focus right now is on like sustainable long-term progress, establishing and keeping my healthy habits going, including obviously starting a bit of exercise, but more so the psychology of it all. That's the thing that is going to have to really shift for me and something I no one else can do for me. Something I'm going to have to work on, especially while I'm still on two and a half. I have the help of the medication. I don't actually know what the plan will be. I've got 5 milligram pen and another prescription for another 5 milligram pen. But I'm using the click method. So I've got 10 doses out of both of those pens. So I'm currently two doses in to my current pen. So I've got 18 weeks left. I think that's probably all I'll need. I'll be surprised if I get another prescription after that, even just based off my progress. There you go. There's my 3 month update. How I lost 17 kilos or 37 12 lbs in 12 weeks. three months. Guys, if you've got any questions, please pop them in the comments below and I will try to answer those in my Q&A. Please don't forget to check out my vlogs. If you want more of a detailed overview of every week, I take you with me. We go through the highs and lows. And also, I am posting on Tik Tok as well. So, please check me out over there and on Instagram as well. If you found this helpful, please hype this video and give me a thumbs up and subscribe. Check out my full MJRO playlist for my weekly vlogs, my monthly updates, and all the behind the scenes progress. Thank you so much for watching. I will see you in my next video. Bye.

- 12 Months on Mounjaro- I'm Done: Kind: captions Language: en It's been exactly 12 months since I started taking Mounjaro and I never thought I'd be in the situation that I'm in now. So today I want to explain exactly what that is. I want to talk about some of the common pitfalls for people who've been on these medications for a little bit longer and I want to share with you my exciting news and what I've been up to over the last few weeks. First let's talk about maintenance. If you've ever been on a diet, somebody has probably said to you that losing weight is hard but maintaining that weight loss is even harder. So when it came to GLP-1s, I wanted to know how people were doing this differently and I've been looking at clinicians all over the world and how they're approaching maintenance with their patients. And so commonly the approach is get them to weigh themselves regularly, keep them accountable, keep them focused on keeping that weight off. And it almost feels like you've committed a crime of being a fat person and must forever be accountable to that. And I know that's not what it is. I know that's not the way it's intended and this may be necessary for some people given whatever their underlying causes of obesity are. But for me the ultimate goal of being on these medications isn't just about the smaller body. I keep putting down the smaller body aspect in my videos but it is a big deal. It does make a big difference and it is wonderful but it's not everything. And actually the bigger win is to free yourself mentally from the mental aspects of obesity, the constant checking your food, the constant obsessing over your body size and weighing yourself, all those things. And what is so exciting to report in today's video is that I didn't realize that I'd achieved that a few weeks ago. I was out for dinner with some friends and they were just being very complimentary as to how I looked and told me about my body which they meant really really well. And they said to me, "How much have you lost now in total?" And I realized I didn't know because the batteries went in our scale a few weeks ago and I haven't replaced them. And they said, "Oh you must be dying to know." And I thought, "No, not really. I'm not actually not that bothered about how much I weigh on the scale cuz when I wake up every day I feel happy in my body." And they said, "Do you worry about gaining weight back? Do you feel like you're monitoring for weight regain?" And I said, "No, I don't really think about it." And then they asked me how many calories I was eating a day and again I wasn't really sure. So they asked me what my approach to food was and I don't have any food rules whatsoever. I eat pretty much what I fancy but also mindfully. I really try and think about what I'm eating and have I eaten enough of different things and I'm really trying to incorporate more and more different foods into my diet and eat as many veggies as I can. And so I eat to really nourish my mind and my body and feel like it's indulgent but I don't really have any restrictions whatsoever. And when I was sat there I just suddenly realized that I'm not even trying. I'm not even trying to lose weight. I'm no longer part of all this diet culture stuff. It's all completely gone and it is so freeing. And it was a real moment of both extreme excitement because being free of that stuff is as big as losing the weight. But at the same time there was a little bit of sadness because this has been a lifetime battle. Trying to have a really relaxed and healthy attitude towards food and my body has been a lifetime in the making. And I sat there and realized that there was no fanfare, there was no party, it was just kind of a quiet contentment and as great as that was, I wanted a party. And it's so nice to know that you can get to this point. So many people that I see talking about being on these medications for longer are exhibiting a lot of really quite eating disordered views and are really obsessive, obsessed with their body in a way that I don't think you have to be which I do think we can guide people away from. But while you're on these medications, whilst you're working on the body, you also have to work on your mind. I talk to a lot of people who've been diagnosed with ADHD and autism as adults. And what is a really common thing to hear in these patients is them say things like, "Oh I wish I could go back and tell my former self not to worry about all these things that were so problematic and not to blame yourself for all these things." Because actually once you get the diagnosis, it's like you understand yourself so much better. There's been a bit of that for me with a GLP-1. Going on it I thought, "Oh why did I beat myself up for years? I have spent decades reading books and studying myself and overanalyzing everything and trying to work out why I'm so useless." And then I've gone on this medication which has fixed things that I've realized were beyond my control. And I've spent so long regretting that over the last year. And actually what I realized over the last few weeks is that all of that study and all of that effort has resulted in me molding a mindset where I can actually get completely free of everything and I am now so grateful to it. I'm so grateful that I spent all this time because particularly when I talk to a lot of people on these medications, so many do not have a healthy mindset cuz they're not getting any support to do that. But I've no desire to change my body anymore and that is really really exciting and it is a place you can get to. From a very rambly point to one that's less so, I am currently taking 2.5 mg of Mounjaro. This is the dose that I've always taken throughout my whole weight loss journey. I intend to stay on it for the long term. Not just because I want to maintain the weight loss but because I want to maintain the health benefits that I've talked about in my previous videos. And I don't know how to clear up my acne rosacea without the medication. So I'm staying on it. The only negative for me staying on Mounjaro is the cost and obviously the worry about how do you get a hold of it because it's not available through the usual channels for somebody like me on the NHS. But I think it is worth staying on the medication for the amount of benefit that I get. Do I worry about the long term risks and side effects? Honestly no. I worry a lot more about how I used to be. I had a lot of health problems in a bigger body that have now cleared up and those are more threatening to me than the risks of the medication. A common question that I get is have I ever considered microdosing particularly because I've mentioned before on this channel that if I miss a dose or I take a dose late I don't feel any different. I am not going to consider microdosing because on 2.5 mg I get maximum benefit. I have no side effects. I'm living my best life. Why would I try and reduce it? The only reason to reduce it would be to try and save money. And for me my most important thing is always the health over the money aspect of things. Everyone's allowed to again differ in their opinion on that. But when it comes to taking a dose that hasn't been studied and tried and tested, why would I do that when it's not even going to benefit me financially because I'm not somebody who's going to use the pen beyond its expiry. There are some people out there who will say use the pen beyond its expiry, it'll be fine. But I don't know how we can say that cuz we have literally no studies on that. And so in the same way I wouldn't eat moldy food, I'm not going to inject an expired medication. The other thing to bear in mind is that this medication has brought me such incredible benefit that I really want to try and make sure I can take it for as long as possible. And one of the reasons that I might have to stop is if I develop side effects. And if I develop side effects because I've been tweaking and playing with my dose, I'd feel very different about that to if I develop them when I've been taking it as is recommended. The thing that I see people again commonly doing when they've been on this medication for longer is people get more confident with it. You get those going from "Oh I can't bring myself to give my first injection" to "Oh let's crack open this pen and do a golden dose. I'm going to I'm going to change my dosing regime from whatever's recommended to what I saw somebody on the internet say." And people get more confident at tweaking and playing with things and they keep tweaking and playing with things that we don't need to play with. We should be tweaking and playing with our lifestyle with the support of a GLP-1, not tweaking and playing with the medication to try and obtain a lifestyle. People are using it the wrong way around and I think some get bored after a few months and start doing this and just get a lot more confident. The other thing is novelty wears off and for a lot of people in those first few months you can get rapid weight loss for some, the changes in how you feel are amazing and then the novelty wears off. And that loss of novelty and that loss of dopamine I think for some people results in them feeling like they're not getting progress even if they're still progressing just because it doesn't have the same intensity. And so that's why they start doing this stuff. Don't be one people. If you are losing, if you are heading towards whatever goal you have with your current regime, you don't need to keep playing around with it. Just let it work, let it take its time and focus on something else because ultimately we're all going to get to points in our lives where our weight is not the most important thing, we're trying to focus on other things. And so maybe having that lack of intensity sometimes makes your journey much more manageable and realistic in the long term as well. So yeah, for me I'm staying on it long term. I'm more than happy with that and that is my personal assessment. I know that won't be the same for everyone. I do find it very interesting that there's no controversy about people taking this long term for type 2 diabetes or lots of other medications that have come out after GLP-1s that people are taking long term and nobody's worried about the long term side effects of those. It's just the weight management medications. So my weight loss journey is over and it is so exciting to be moving on to the next thing which is supporting other people with theirs. And that's what I've been up to over the last few weeks. I sat down with the BBC to give an interview for our documentary they're making on GLP-1s. Now I'm not sure I was the most coherent at this point because that morning I had spent hours sat down with the medical regulator here in the UK and they gave me the green light for my own clinic here which will be an online remote clinic that people can book into and I can do one-to-one consultations online and support people with weight management and GLP-1s. So I'm really really excited for that. I'm not opening a pharmacy, it's not actually the medications, it's the consultation and the information and making sure people are doing what's right for them and being able to support them with that, that's what I'm looking to offer. Though I have partnered with a lovely little pharmacy that I found here in Manchester. So if people do want to get their medications through the clinic, that is a possibility as well. So yeah, all the information will be live on the website. The clinic opens its doors on Monday the 20th of October, so that's next week. And obviously those are online virtual doors. The website will be going live this Wednesday so people can go and have a look at it from then which I'm really excited for. It would just be so nice to actually work with individuals. And while I've been waiting for the clinic to open over the last few months, I have actually gone back to working in the NHS. So I've been working in an NHS practice and I picked one that's very innovative and I've kind of gone back on a scheme where I can do longer appointments with patients. So it pays peanuts but I actually get to do a job I enjoy. But it's been quite heartbreaking going back into the NHS after a few years away, seeing the difference and the deterioration in the standard of care has been quite shocking to me. At the same time, when I'm supporting patients in my private clinic, I want to be able to know what's available on the NHS, how the NHS is actually working, what services are actually running, um and how things are going, and also to have that wide view of health care. As much as I want my focus to be on obesity, obesity affects so many systems of the body, and being up-to-date with everything else is so incredibly important. So, yeah, that's what I've been doing over the last few weeks. I've been working a few days in the NHS, getting the clinic open, doing lots of things allied to all of this, but it's been really, really exciting. But yeah, when it comes to my own weight loss journey, I'm done. I do want to share with you more about my running though, cuz I'm really, really enjoying that. It makes me very happy. So, that is it for today's video. I am done when it comes to the weight loss, and who knows, maybe in the future that will change. Maybe I will suddenly develop side effects, or I'll lose all the benefits, or something will happen. And if it does, I'll share that. Because if I'm prepared to share the positive, as we know, I'm more than happy to share the negative as well. So, that's really, really important. And you might think, well, how much have you really been done with the weight loss if you're open-minded to things like that happening in the future? But that's life. There's always twists and turns in life that you don't see coming. People's health can change at any point, and that's something I really have gained an appreciation of with 20 years in health care. So, all you can ever say is that right now, this is where I'm at, and I am really happy, and I never thought I would have a right now like this.

- How I lost 50lbs in 3 months on Mounjaro: Kind: captions Language: en it's been over 3 months now since I started taking mojarro and I've lost over 50s I've gone from a dress size 20 being very tight to a size 10 being quite snug I've gone from a BMI of 34 which is nearly morbidly obese to today hitting a BMI of 25 which is healthy and I am thrilled with that not that BMI is everything but to celebrate I want to do an update video I want to explain what I've done to lose the weight the challenges that I faced over the last few weeks because it has got quite tricky and my big plan for February because I'm going to do a very radical change that I am hoping hoping will make a big difference so if we've not met before hi my name's Emma I'm an NHS and private GP by background I am a registered doctor here in the UK which means that if I accept so much as a sandwich from a drug company I have to declare it and so my videos are not sponsored or endorsed by any drug company at all so let me answer your questions today and start off with some quick and easy ones hi editing me here I just want to address two points very quickly firstly yes I am still on 2.5 milligram of moonaro I haven't increased my dose because I am losing weight on 2.5 migr it is true that I could increase it to 5 milligrams and see if I lose more but it's working now so why risk the side effects on 2.5 milligrams of mojarro I feel generally healthier and I'm not sure why I've talked about this before is it my thyroid do I not my glp1 who really knows but I definitely feel healthier just for taking it the second thing that it does is allow me to be in a calorie deficit without feeling really off and unable to function so I can be in a calorie deficit and be quite comfortable now and the third thing that it does is about 3 to five weeks after I went on it I started to get fullness after I ate and that has continue to evolve even though the level of mjara in my system will now be at a steady state and I'm going to talk more about that in today's video and then the second point that I want to address is the speed of my weight loss people have said I should be concerned and it's not healthy I spent about a year before I went on mojarro having investigations for everything because I had lots of niggly underlying symptoms and I found nothing that was helpful for this anyway so I am not worried about anything underlying that's causing me to lose weight that could be scary the second thing to bear in mind with the size of my weight loss is that everybody is different and so the one to two pound recommendation is one of these generic recommendations that isn't right for everyone saying the same thing will happen to me at 5'3 as a female with my background pure sugar diet granted lots of exercise too but trying to eat Whole Foods and then never feeling full and eating more and more and more to try and get satiety versus somebody else who's on a weight loss Journey maybe they're 6'8 they're male they're an athlete their diet's really healthy already you wouldn't expect us to lose at the same rate so when it comes to generic guidelines I know as a doctor you need to challenge guidelines sometimes the most important thing for me is to know that what I'm doing is healthy and that I'm not doing anything extreme or dramatic which I'm not and so I'm not really worried about the speed of it the most important thing as I said is what I'm doing day today and that is what I'm going to talk about more in this video how many calories am I eating a day I could not imagine a life more tedious than one where I have to track calories I don't even really have to imagine that because I've spent most of my life so far doing it and I refuse to do it going forward but having had those experiences I had my first calorie counting book before I was at secondary school I can eyeball a plate of food and roughly what I'm eating so I know a typical day for me is somewhere between a, and 1500 calories not that I specifically track it I have some days where I eat less and that's fine I know some people are very feir mungry around eating less to those people I would recommend you pick up a book by Dr Jason fun he's a kidney doctor he's incredible and he talks about how in his career he used to see a lot of patients whose kidneys were failing because of their type 2 diabetes which more often than not was driven by their obesity and he was frustrated that we were just plowing people with medications rather than actually treating the Obesity so yes I have some days where I eat less and I don't worry about it and I have other days where I eat quite a lot more and I don't plan to eat more it's just some days I wake up and my body says we need more food today and I'm okay with that and it's nice that I could hear my body enough now to know that it's craving foods and I have a much better Mind Body Connection because of the moonaro and because I'm generally eating better rather than before for mojarro where my body just kept saying more more all the time and sugar definitely improved the days where I eat more are so important one because if my body's asking for things I need to give it two because if you go into a calorie deficit for any length of time it has been shown that our bodies are incredible and they adapt to the lack of food by burning fewer calories so you do slow down your metabolism so I like to have these days where I shock my body a bit by eating a bit more so it keeps my metabolism High and from a mentality point of view the third really big benefit of having these days where you eat more is that not every day needs to be a diet day there are so many people around food and by people I do mean me who are black and white thinkers so you can restrict really well for a few weeks and then you have one day where you eat a tiny bit of chocolate and it's all over so having these days of not being in a deficit so good for your mentality and I know somebody's going to ask me how often I have those days I would say probably about once a week sometimes depending on my cycle it can be a few more in a week but I don't worry about it too much I also then don't compensate the next day by having fewer calories because I have more the day before would say that I don't have any days where I usually overeat anymore I can't say I had a single day where I've eaten huge huge amounts I had Christmas day where I ate a little bit more I had a four course meal and we've recently been on a family trip where I different types of food and I really want to to scum with jam and cream I'll eat all that stuff and not fretch too much about it um yeah I I really enjoy my food I definitely feel even from the beginning on this mararo I've never said like I have done previously I'm on a diet now let's not enjoy life wait till I'm thin then we enjoy life I've not done any of that this time I've just said right this is a permanent change because I might be on mjar forever let's just enjoy life but spend most of the time in a calorie deficit and that is what I do which brings me I've not quite finished food yet but the next question I get so much is what is my goal weight I don't have a that's a lie I have a goal weight from years of chronic dieting I think anybody who has chronically dieted has a figure in their head that they think that's where happiness resides and so for me that's my wedding day weight that is the lowest weight I've ever been as an adult I'm very close to that I'm within a stone of that at the moment which is incredible well that's where I thought I should be I'm not sure that's the right weight for me now because when I got to that weight I really had to restrict to get there and so I'm not actually sure what my weight should be but I'm doing this thing at the moment where all those foods that I eat on my cravy days I'm trying to introduce them to my days where you know just dayto day so that I don't have days where I feel I need to Crave them and that's probably going to increase my calories a little bit and my weight is still coming down though I'm not too bothered about it coming down much further and so at some point those will level out and at that point that's where I'll settle when I was previously restricting I still liked my junk food and one thing that is definitely changing on the mojarro is that I'm going more and more for Whole Foods and I'm getting rid of as much alra processed from my diet as I can over the last few months I love McDonald's I have a real thing about McDonald's because I used to work these horrible 11:00 a.m. till 11:00 p.m. shifts where they were really long you'd often finish late and so you didn't have much time between shifts you were always driving to and from work it was a long commute and I went to McDonald's a lot and I always found McDonald's was super satisfying it would fill me up and it's one of the few Foods that I go and get nine chicken nuggets and a few fries I feel full after I've eaten it and that's why I go for it all the time it's great for that and then a few weeks ago I decided to dig out a recipe from a vegetarian cooking course I went on for this beautiful Meal which is carrots leaks parnet halumi it's got all sorts cabbage and a little bit of pasta in there I ate this meal with my husband and it's meant to serve four we divided it between the two of us I was still insanely hungry afterwards whereas with my nuggets I get full but what I've been doing over the last few months is tracking my Hunger against what foods I'm eating and what I have seen and it's got bigger and bigger is that when I eat at McDonald's I get instantly full and I can feel good satiety that day but the next day I'll be hungry again whereas when I eat the healthy food I don't really get any satiety which is just annoying but then my Baseline hunger the next day is much better so I know that's obvious I know everybody knows that the case but my body has never responded normally to Foods before I used to do keto uh because I was really into weightlifting and I wanted more energy and I had a lot of friends who were on it who were getting loads of benefits it just made me nauseous now my diet is fairly keto most of the time and it gives me shedloads of energy it suppresses my Hunger it's as though my body can now respond to Foods in the way that it should and that may be the moonaro but I also wonder if it's because on the whole my balance is going towards more of those Whole Foods because as I've seen this trend I've realized that I think the ultra processed foods are causing me to be ravenously hungry and so when people ask me what my goal is my goal is no longer anything to do with weight I'm happy I'm BMI 25 I need some kind of places that I can go to tell people my BMI but my goal is no longer weight related my goal is about eating more Whole Foods it's about feeling at my best every day and achieving a way of eating and a mentality with food where I can enjoy it socially because the social aspect of food is massive those are my focuses and that has been a big shift over the last few weeks to move away from oh how can I optimize today for weight loss to oh how can I optimize how I feel what can I eat now that's going to make me feel good later and then also assessing the way I'm thinking to think is this something longterm that I can do is this a healthy way of thinking what's driving where I'm at this is why I Journal I think journaling is such a good way of monitoring yourself and keeping yourself in check and what I've realized is that next month I want to do something really quite radical next month I want to cut out all pro processed food for 4 weeks so for the whole of February I only want to eat unprocessed food and see what happens I don't care about losing weight I just don't want to eat anything processed so over the next few days I'm working on my definition of processed versus unprocessed I'm coming up with some good healthy meals I'm getting recipes and then next month I want to see what happens to how I feel if I just eat unprocessed food I'm hoping this will be the thing that really tips my Hunger over into feeling entirely normal and healthy because I I think I'm nearly there I also wonder if this could be the key to me coming off the moonaro and maintaining the gains that I've got all around and it's also a lifestyle that I want to share with my family I just think it is healthier everyone is talking at the moment about Ultra processed food and how those foods are addictive and I very much think the reason that I got into the state that I was where I was always hungry and uncomfortable is because of ultr processed food and so I want to see if I can get rid of it completely as see what happens I think that covers the majority of the diet stuff I will say I tend to eat one or two meals a day as well that has been consistent from the start I've never liked three meals a day excise wise what exercise have I been doing to lose the weight well in my previous video I mentioned how the first day I woke up after taking muaro I felt like I'd already done my workout and I wanted to see how long that would last for so I didn't exercise for the first time in years for the first few weeks of mararo and when I realized that feeling was never going to go and that I just missed doing exercise I started reintroducing it I also didn't want to introduce too much exercise early on because particularly when I started getting the satiety exercise can affect my satiety if I do low intensity exercise I get hungry if I do high intensity exercise I get less hungry so I didn't want to make it too complicated just change one thing at a time learn how to deal with that and then add the next thing so in the last few weeks I really have started stepping up my exercise I now do a run a few times a week and I weightlift most days we just have quite heavy free weights in the house I did used to competitively weightlift I've been on National martial arts teams I'm used to a lot of intense exercise I do lift quite heavy and to those who are saying oh your weight loss must all be muscle as long as I can still squat 100 kilos I'm really not too concerned about my muscle mass it is natural with all forms of weight loss to lose some muscle and there is no evidence on mojarro that you lose any more muscle MTH than if you were just just doing a calorie restriction diet side effects I only ever have one side effect on mojarro and that is going dizzy when I stand up this is something called postural hypotension I had it before it became much more notable when I started mojarro and in the last two or three weeks it's become even more noticeable so in the past I only used to get it when I went from lying down to standing up now I get it from sometimes sitting down to standing up and my blood pressure is quite low it's always been quite low but I'm not really sure why this is I just know now in the night if I ever stand up because my son calls me or something happens if I stand up at night I need to stand and count to 10 before I move which isn't something I've ever had to do before because I feel the wooziness and sometimes I need to sit down for a second so that is my only side effect have you had to buy all new clothes I would have loved to buy all new clothes but the reality is we don't have much money at the moment so I'm back in my old clothes like this is a top that I've been wearing for a few weeks now and it's still had the tag on it I've kept all my Slimmer clothes my size 10 and twelves from my 20s underneath our huge bed I've dug all of those out half of them have tags on so I'm enjoying my previous shopping it was really nice on Christmas Eve was the first time I really got into smaller clothes and I was there trying everything on it was like shopping but you already know you like everything and so I've dug all those clothes out and I did stay with some of my bigger clothes for a while I like big baggy clothes they make me feel lovely but I've had jeans fall down while I'm out so I really I went on Christmas Eve and bought my first size 10 pair of jeans in a long time but yeah I I have had to swap my wardrobe over now because one of my friends said I looked like I was homeless when I went over it was just I was going to a house for a coffee so I wanted to be comfy so I just wore comfy stuff um so yeah I I either need to invest in a belt for those pieces or I do already have a lot of smaller clothes so I am a little bit disappointed that I've managed to do this at a point point where I don't have loads of disposable income uh I always thought I would go to selfes and do a personal shop I've done that in the past it's amazing and they tail of the clothes too as well that's what I've always wanted to do but I just can't afford to do that though that being said I have treated myself to something that it's a piece of jewelry from Boodles and I went to get it years ago because I just think it's beautiful and a bit different and it just didn't look nice on me well I didn't like the way it looked on me and I've always wanted it and so I thought I'm going to try it again so I went and I tried it look lovely and now I'm just waiting for that to be made and so I'm going to pick that up and I'll show you it when I get it but that is my piece to celebrate getting healthy and yeah so that's going to be my big Indulgence I probably should have bought clothes but I really really like this piece so yeah that is it for my video today hopefully this was helpful in some way to you obviously what works for me won't necessarily work for you this is pure anecdote doesn't mean that it's evidence of anything I'm a B believer in that you'll hear stories of everything on these medications particularly things like mood I've heard people say that it completely gets rid of all their Joy something called anhedonia I've heard other people say that it's cured their depression and you hear everything in between we're all different and that's great and that's fine but it does mean that if you go on these medications you need to be in tune with yourself not what other people tell you that you should be feeling so yeah that is it for today have a lovely day and I'll see you guys very soon bye

- Obesity, Triumph & Anger: James' Mounjaro Weight loss Journey: Kind: captions Language: en hello and welcome to the downsize my name is Christopher drum and this is my wife Loren's opportunity to talk about our journey around gp1s our adventure around gp1s more specifically I've been on monjaro zip bound compounded tepati and honestly I'd be on whatever the newer better version of it was if it came along since September 29th of last year and lost right at 70 lbs so it's been an exciting path for us and we started doing this YouTube channel and have over the last gosh few months introduced this segment called downsized dish where we bring on people to talk about their own Journeys today I'm excited to welcome a gentleman all the way from the bottom of the World As We like to call it from Australia introduce yourself hi I'm James Newbery I'm a computer ner from Melbourne Australia that's really the story well do you want start I tell you what let's start talking a little bit because you sent on some great pictures so let's set up your journey around weight and all of that with some of the photographs so let me those up here we go let's get back there we go I think that's the beginning BL is the beginning this photo would be recognizable to anybody who lived through the 1980s as the night where the photographer came to your house and took the family portraits and and I don't know what I weigh here but this Photograph prompted my stepmother to put me on my first diet apparently I'm fat just look like a little boy Man compared to my brothers I was a little thicker but I think I look like a normal kid M my stepmother had truly struggled with weight and she had fallen into as a lot of 1980s house waves had she'd fallen into the orbit of Oprah Oprah Winfrey oh yeah and Oprah Winfrey's weight loss journey and constant struggles and that nent wellness fitness diet culture industry yeah and so we had skim milk in the house every product became low fat every product became basically High carbohydrate healthy eating pyramid obsessed and I believe that is the Genesis of all of my weight problems because I believe what that did for a lot of us is set up fundamentally the conditions for metabolic derangement where our hormones are not in balance and our bodies just process sugars differently because we don't have satiety we don't have great blood sugar control and all sorts of other mechanisms like that under the hood that these medications help with absolutely I couldn't agree I'm a little bit older than you are but there was a lot of packaged stuff because fat was bad everything else was good turns out when you took all the fat out of food you just put sugar and carbohydrates into it she was like oh look these cookies are fat free so I can eat a whole box and super easy to blame the food companies yeah but I don't think that's fair the companies were just serving market demand and the person I blame is the guy who started all this actually in the 1950s is a doctor called anel keys sorry anel yeah anel keys so he does the seven country study and I believe a US president has a heart attack M and people say why and this fellow who had a really lowquality observational study says oh my God it was fat and from that point fats demonized yeah the healthy eating pyramid is created turns out a lot of lobbyists got in there and oh 11 serves of carbohydrate a day is healthy well there there's a huge weed industry too it's incomplete to blame the companies and the corporate culture it's more that if you really think about it if you're really good at something you go win a Nobel Prize right if you're good you go into clinical practice and help people and make a lot of money if you're not good you wind up in a regulator producing stuff like the healthy eating pyramid yeah I tell people this all the time and and I get and I'm sure you see the comments oh we have to blame big food and we have to blame big Pharma we there's a lot of blame to go around but to point the finger solely at any one thing and go this it come on let there's a bigger story going on houst let's figure out the bigger story and the thing I would say is that to anybody dealing with obesity it's not your fault truly it's not your fault you have been gaslit your entire life to believe that it's just down to your choices that's not entirely true right it's not your fault but you are in this mess and it is your responsibility to pull yourself out and that's a really tough thing because diet and exercise doesn't work if you plot the number of hours exercise per week on on average and the average BMI of the average American you see there's actually a one toone correlation exercise is super important for training your cardiovascular system but it's not going to help you lose weight calories in and calories out is a fiction absolutely well so let's talk a little bit about your journey because I know you sent some pictures and you you have have had some good progress so to to me about your space from little boy right to glp1 how how does that happen Okay so I really should have sent you another photo but that's okay here we here for a second the way it works in my world is very simple I am constantly struggling my weight I'm constantly white knuckling and thinking about food and thinking about I can't have this oh my God I had that I'm a bad person and then 2019 comes along and my now ex partner says if you don't lose weight I'm going to have to leave you because you're the same size and same age as my dad when he died oh and that's the kind of thing where you go oh my goodness and so I went on like I had tried 19 20 diets up to that point South Beach keto everything and I I went down to the doctor again and I said okay I'm going to need juram mine yet again I'm gonna go on vlcd this time and I'm and I did nothing but VLC shakes for 14 weeks and maybe it was 15 weeks from that time from the end of to April I dropped about 35 KS I was 125 kg about 260 bound and then the pandemic hit yeah which was brutal for all of us man yeah and at the time my ex partner was working for a Pharma company who was going to build a plant to make a vaccine before he knew what the vaccine was and I was working in the telecommunications company trying to keep everybody's internet up and and reconfigure the entire national network so it was a really low stress household there I am lighter than I've been for years not actually eating anything just shaking Shake drinking optislim and one day I go oh screw this I just need a drink it's just too much I just need a night of being drunk so I pour myself a drink and a drink leads to a pack of crisps and then I remember that food genuinely changes my mood and so I start comfor eating and I comfor eat and comfor eat lighten everything up in there right and so I'm working from home I'm cooking really elaborate stuff it's amazing and I unsurprisingly spell up to bigger than I'd ever been I had reached 165 kg right and I did the conversion somewhere are you there is that what you are there or no no it's further than that it's another 10 pounds than that oh good lord yeah and so obviously my ex partner has concerns and so we're in the longest lockdown anywhere in the world here in Melbourne and one of the rules were we weren't allowed to move house we weren't allowed to move house unless was domestic violence and neither of us was going to lie to the authorities and ruin clearances and criminal records and stuff so we had to endure the next six months in lockdown together when we just both want to be around literally anyone else so then I move eventually when I'm allowed to and I lose my mind because For the First Time in years I'm literally alone and then we go back into lockdown because for some reason Melbourne had like eight nine lockdowns it's insane somewhere along the way I was I I became crazy and wanted to ensure that I would be safe because I was still drinking heavily not alcoholically but heavily and I was bored so I would just drink wine in the afternoon and keep going all night and one night I went had a shower before bed and I don't remember but I fell over in the shower and woke up about 4:00 a.m. just like I had been out cold so so I went and bought an Apple Watch because of full detection figuring at least the paradigms will my body when lockdown lifted I discovered that the Apple watch could track swimming and so I added swimming into my life and I lost about 10 kilos just by swimming and really watching what I was eating and just adding activity and then it stopped but I was swimming every day and I was trying to eat Whole Foods rather than something came from a packet which is good idea yeah which is a great idea yeah and that continued on quite well and then I went well as part of the VC plan I was going to have bariatric surgery but because of all of the hospitals shut down in Australia before we even had a Cas and so I was in a video conference not unlike this one and talking to the bariatric surgeon and he says oh I can fit you in Tuesday week do you want me to do the surgery on Tuesday week and I and and with it's one of those moments where you say something and you don't realize you said it until after you hear it mhm and I said no I don't want any of this and so I just accepted in that moment that I was forever going to be the size of a house and there was nothing I could do I have sleep problems lots of insomnia lots of sleep apnea and so during that time I was speaking to a sleep specialist and he prescribed me a zic and I said what is this stuff and he says oh it will help with your weight go give it a try and see what happens so I go down to the local pharmacy and they say they're out eventually about two months later I get a call from the pharmacy and they're like we've got one pen come get it so I go down I get the pen and I try it and nothing happens I'm due for the next pen and it's out again and I go at this point the Kardashians are on it and the whole world is aware of as and I'm just like well that really seems like the wrong way to lose way once again moralistic crap in my head and I ignore it a year passes maybe two years pass and I'm living my life still swimming every day still trying to eat Whole Foods and then a friend of mine who's a weight L researcher calls me and says ' got this new drug that will be coming out called tepati M and the data is incontrovertible it fixes obesity and the same sleep doctor a few months later just to check up on my CPAP stats he he sends me a script he says tripti will really help I want you to lose weight because that will shrink your tongue and all the fat deposits around your face will will shrink and that will improve that you and you you'll have less CPAP less sleep ABA and you might be able to get off CPAP so I don't think about it I'm going to therapy for all of this Insanity that's built up and my weight loss researcher friend calls me and says have you got tripti yet and I say no I haven't I've got a script for it but I just don't know what it is and and how it works so I do a little research one of my goals is let me ask you a question about that how many other medications were you on at the time I was on what we call somac here which is a proton pump inhibitor for heartburn and a daily multivitamin and that was it that it yeah I'm I'm very healthy that's not too bad but either way did you ask that question about either one of those no I didn't so anyway where the change comes is there's I set a goal where I'm going to read two books a month for the next year and Johan har releases a book called Magic pill which is about the societal impacts of a zic I've been chasing him down I keep trying to get him on he's we're too small for him but Johan if you want to be on please that book I'm reading that book and I'm like this guy has a very similar mhm like when in the beginning where he's talking about the child abuse around food it's like this is similar to my life so I look him up and when you account for time zones we share a birthday and it made me wonder if like astrology was a thing but at the end of that book I went well I'm not ready I don't know what to do with this I need to sit with it and I'm feeling very angry so I start looking at YouTube and I discover your channel and here's a man talking about his journey on tripati and it was something that Mrs Durham said that that really changed my world she presupposed during One News segment that maybe there was a bit of PR a bit of jealousy a bit of moralism around all of this panic in this drug class and So eventually I went I'll inject I got the drugs and I injected and I didn't feel anything for a day and the next day came and all I wanted to eat was a salad now this is unusual I normally want a more substantial meal I ate the salad and I fell into a food coma I like what the hell is this I live right in the middle of the city and I walk to work I walk past McDonald's Burger King KFC like all of the fast food chains I literally walk past all of them to my office normally in the before times when I'd walk past them I would think to myself I'm not going to have any of that it's bad for me it's not aligned with my goals and I walked to work day three of the medication in my system and I just didn't notice them I didn't notice but they they didn't the thoughts weren't there and that's when I realized it was me it was something under the hood that had just set me up to fail and now there was this medication that gave me a Fighting Chance absolutely and so so did you know prior to this that there was food noise no I just assumed this was everyone's experience all the people that said and I came home that day and it cried like literal tears because I realized all the people all my life who had said you're fat it's your fault all you need to do is eat a salad I cried because I realized that for them that's literally all it is they it's not easy but if food noise was at a 10 before I'm on a low dose intentionally M and it's like three and it's like I feel such agency over food that I've never felt before I feel completely in charge I mean it's just it just amazes me it really does it's the the shift that we don't even know it exists and then when it's gone yeah it's startling it's like if a neighbor's car alarm was going off every day every hour of your life and then one day suddenly the battery ran flat it's genuinely life-changing but it also sets up a lot of grief and a lot of anger because for me realizing that all of this ignorance all of this hatred all of this judgmentalness was based on a wall of ugly ignorance and that I obesity is a complex hormonal disorder that's multivariant and it's not just eat less and move more no and the other side of it is being f then it may not be something you're controlling either well yeah all of these people when I when this drug hit me well it's actually a peptide but that doesn't matter when it hit me I suddenly realized that all of these naturally thin people had one advantage their body produces glp1 absolutely mine doesn't and you give it to me exogenously suddenly I want the salad suddenly I find it difficult to eat more than 600 calories for Mill well we've built a culture in Australia is the same way as the US right it's the basically from the 50s and 60s there were magazines there were TV shows it was everything that said thin is superior is morally correct is smarter is better looking is all of those things right it was white straight thin yeah everything right right yeah know I'm I know I'm an all white guy I know that's how the culture was built and now that we discover obesity is a disease so wait a minute thin wasn't necessarily morally Better or Worse fat wasn't morally better at work it just calls into question a lot of those preconceived notions this medication has even got me questioning the concept of free will because I've always been the guy who goes out with his mates and somewhere around 10 p.m. gets the tequila shots and a few weeks ago I go with my Maids out to the football and we watch a great game and I have two pints of beer and I am done tomorrow one of my mates has his 64th birthday and we have what we call boozy lunch right where everybody drinks two bottles of wine at a fancy French restaurant and I'm really not sure how that's going to go but I will dutifully pay my share because I want to celebrate my mate but I'm having to relearn who I am and all these things where it's like I love cocktails I still do but I only want one I love yeah I love wine three glasses is fine as opposed to three bottles which is an exaggeration and it's the US and Australia have so many things in common there and we have such that we built it pull ourselves up by our bootstraps we're tough kind of mentality that's conquer the universe thing that to realize you couldn't actually pull yourself up by your bootstraps to do this that that's not a thing yeah and so I haven't really increased my activity I was swimming on the on the before photo I was swimming 1.25 km a day I'm now swimming 1.4 my goal is 2 km for your American viewers 1.4 km is 1500 yard right every morning before Sunrise I was going to the gym at night and getting on the elliptical there are these are elliptical shots those t-shirts are precisely the same size I have shrunk dramatically in the space of 6 weeks today is my sixth shot and for the first time I don't have Diet fatigue I don't feel stressed by trying to White Knuckle counting carbs and protein and I'm still tracking my food I'm still trying to hit 150 g of protein 38 G of fiber yeah that's what I'm going for but I'm not my relationship with food has inverted my appetites are as are low so I'm now desperately trying to eat enough to nourish my body right as opposed to before where I was trying to eat desperately so little to shrink my body and I'm terrified irrationally that for some reason these droves will be taken off the market and so I've fallen down the rabbit hole and looked at patents and you know the guy in your chat saying sex sender is going generic next week C is releasing it in the next few months in America that's right it just came out and it's not any cheaper an oix patent on the something of November 2026 so I've tried to reassure myself that there will be glp1 agonists available this stuff is not cheap it is roughly 90 bucks a week in Australia uh which is the equivalent of $7 a week for one vial and I'd like to show like release the vials yeah absolutely so this is the box that the vial comes in and so you're getting it one week at a time yeah we get one vial per week I get four vials at a time for my chemist right and compared to my Apple watch I see that and so this is obviously compounded because we can't get the it's uh non branded in V this is a month's worth so this is four weeks worth yeah and I think this one was are you what is your dose right now I'm on five milligrams okay that's actually what this is this drug has changed my life and I'm still afraid it's a trick you to or yeah it's just too good to be true the only side effect I have is fatigue the constant food Comas I'm willing to pay that price I inject on Friday so that okay the weekend's written off but it's not optimal it is suboptimal but six weeks in so the side effects will continue to adjust and and if you behave the way Lorraine and I have and everybody's different we're not doctors you'll get you'll become a little accustomed to it and the side effects will adjust a little bit and I we we have fatigue pretty early on I mean now really I have constipation a little bit but honestly mine's not bad at all my my digestive system was so overactive prior to that it's normalized it honestly but you know it's this is such an interesting medicine in how your body reacts differently every time you take it your mind thinks a little different I mean that's exciting it is it's also terrifying it is who am I going to be at a normal weight because of my size a lot of my romantic Partners have been attracted to that so I'm going to need a totally different dating pool which is neither here nor there but I'm going to have to make different jokes because what's funny when you're fat is really offensive when you're thin there's a lot that we're not really ready for I mean the culture has just pushed us so much into defining ourselves as what we weigh and when that steps aside and you have to say who the heck am I yeah I don't know we'll figure it out right yeah yeah and so I'm really hyped to see where this Rabbit Hole goes and as I say the first time ever there's no fatigue there's no stress oh there's a little stress nothing unreasonable the stress is more did I eat enough fiber today did I get enough vitamin A or whatever so talk a little bit about what you're eating because that's a good bit of protein so I mean what you eating on a daily basis so ironically my calorie intake has not changed dramatically I for a very long time subscribed to a meal service called my muscle Chef which delivered to me a 19900 calorie a day plan these are like microwave meals you put I think form would be an example in the US I decided to get rid of that and cook myself and I'm cooking about 1900 calories a day my morning begins with what you call oatmeal but I add a scoop of protein powder to that so there's 50 grams of protein straight away then I will have some chicken breast and salad something like that for lunch dinner will be a steak or similar a snack in the middle of the day will be a piece of fruit an orange usually and when I go out with my friends whatever I fancy usually something in the steak and salad realm because I'm in Australia and the food's always awesome it hasn't materially changed and the weird thing seems to be that my body just processes food differently at the moment I am adding creatine to my diet and the reason is I want to protect my muscle mass jealously and that's why I'm eating so much protein looking at the withing scales I'm eating 2 gr per kilogram of lean muscle mass and in protein and I'm adding the creatine because I want to swim faster so I need my muscles to be protected and to on resistance training days get more tuned in and more dialed in and so the past few weeks loading creatine watching the scales stay static or go up like 200 grams half a pound a day and then St like that's being insanity and going no this is because I'm retaining water I'm retaining water because I'm taking this substance this substance will help my muscles you've got the digital scale right so you're getting some of that data right that's what I tell people all the time that data if you look at it can tell you a lot of what's going on yeah and for all our life we've been trained to obsess over the bathroom scales which is so wrong if you think about it the only Power we have is over the kitchen scales so why are we focused on like why don't I just throw out the bathroom scales I don't have the strength but I am tempted it shows you a lot of other things though and I think tell people all the time Lin does too it's the once we get past the weight is the only measure and say let's look at muscle and there's two different muscle measures on there let's look at Water there's like 12 things you s in one of the charts there's so many other things that we can look at and say are we healthy not what do we waigh yeah and anybody doing this there's an app called me360 and this takes a photograph of you and then another photograph from the side and calculates all your body measurements I have genuinely found that more helpful so you don't have to use an app you could use a tap measure but I found that more helpful than the number on the scale because I've not seen in my mind I've not seen the changes so far but people are commenting at work about how I look great how I look thinner in the face I don't see it yet I also worry that they're still in that thinness is good morally correct sort of mindset forgetting that I'm still the same man inside and remember it takes decades yeah to to change mindset of culture right so so we're gonna actually at 7 o'clock we're going to go have to be live in a little while but I do want to bring lra in for a second okay because I know you wanted to talk about that whole sort of toxic diet culture conversation hi line hi how I feel like you and I could have like a private conversation for hours we could natur a long beautifully yeah because my mom also started me on the diet around age 10 started taking me to weight loss places all the same kind of things and I look back at the pictures of myself and I'm like this is a heavy kit this insanity and you were saying I wonder if that caused my metabolic dysfunction yeah I mean I have a sister who's a year younger she was always the skinny one I was always chunky one my parents fed us the same we both swam on the swim team we both played all the sports and but I couldn't eat what she was eat like if I ate what she was eating I'd up blow up while she was like this little tiny sick person so it it was always very I don't know if I I and I think it's the fact that we're missing these do ones in our bodies and another thing you said that was interesting was you don't feel like you're eating less calories now than you were maybe before I'm objectively not so I've been tracking for a long time and I'm a computer nerd who worked his way through University as a research assistant I can weigh food and I can put it in the app yeah so you're weighing and measuring and but you I think maybe when you were on the very low calorie diet yes that was a few a couple of years ago yes I mean I think and that's about 800 calories a day right yeah I've done those too where you eat like basically lettuce and then you buy their protein supplements you know what I think it messes up your metabol I think it like you hurt yourself by doing this for a long perod of time I think fat matters I think actual fat matters yeah so yeah might I wonder if once you get once you lose the weight you want to lose I wonder if you'll still be eating the same amount if you'll find you can eat more I i' be very interested to body kind of regulates where you calories you need a day it just sounds like you're eating not very many calories the the protein sounds very high and some people go by the protein grams of the goal weight and some people say you should go the protein grams of your current weight so anyway just something to think about so I'm really fascinated by the gut microbiome because this is what in theory makes a lot of these signaling peptides it's the bacteria inside our gut and micr fases and all sorts of things cool it's very cool so I'm looking at trying to eat across a week 30 different plants and enough protein and enough fiber and I'm really curious to see where it ends so it's genuinely about forcing myself up to 1900 calories a day rather than pulling myself down trying to nourish this and I really want to see if I can undo all this damage yeah that's a great experiment I mean to get that wide variety can only so I was reading an article today that this guy was postulating that you should really only be eating things within a 100 or 200 miles of your house because the gut microbiome and the B and your larger biome were the same thing it was all one body and such that because we imported so many things it messed up the entire system is he right I don't know but it sounds cool it does sound amazing so talk to me though about your thoughts on on the whole toxic diet culture I've spoken about it I'm sure you've heard me yeah yeah there is no right way to lose weight there is no wrong way to lose weight if you think about it compared to a caveman you are insanely muscly even if you weigh 150 and so when I see people like Jillian Michaels who used to be on The Biggest Loser go on television and demonize these drugs I asked myself I feel insanely angry yes and then I asked myself why have I never seen a Biggest Loser reunion because they all gain all their weight back it doesn't work all of these people all these people telling you that these drugs are bad and don't get me wrong this is not ibuprofen this is not paracetamol or acetam Menan as you would call it in America it is serious stuff you need to consider it carefully you need to talk to your doctor but it actually works it actually changes the game and to see all these Health influences writing clickbait and moralist they're terrified of losing their businesses exactly they're not going to be relevant anymore and they're yeah they're yeah they're terrified I and the go ahead no go ahead and the cognitive dissonance where they've been the morally correct people their entire lives yes that's slipping away well if what defines you and makes you a better person is your weight and it turns out you didn't even actually control that yourself a better person yeah so that's got to brain chemistry we just have a different gut chemistry just going on under the hood yeah you add this peptide for those of us that don't make it or don't make enough of it and suddenly we've got all that same agency I think the education piece around what's good food what's helpful for our system what supports Health that's a really serious conversation but if you're looking at an influencer out there in the audience I want you to ask yourself how does this person Define the cause of obesity do they think it's about calories in and calories out do they think it's about eating too much yes do they think it's about gluttony and sin yes or do they think think it's yeah or do they think that it's a complex metabolic derangement caused by a bunch of hormones going crazy that can be helped with a simple peptide it's just it's amazing and you it's not even like you can really explain it to someone who's not experiencing it it's and I feel like you're just getting started you're just you're getting in there you're having great success I mean man I want you to come back and check back in with us and yeah I will definitely and I mean I think it's just let me know when you want to talk again we'll we'll send I do want to warn everybody before we leave MH for me the anger was real the anger was when these pennies dropped the grief and the anger took a couple of weeks give yourself that space yeah because this is lifechanging give yourself some Grace I mean it's the when you figure out the whole world's been blaming you for something you had no control of man it's extraordinary well very good man we appreciate you joining us um I'll come back in a few months it's a lot it's a lot of G what I would tell you is you're doing great man for what it's worth I'm proud of you good job thank you thank you so much and I'm glad you got started and I'm you and the whole thing you said about your partner your ex partner that just kind of got me but I mean I'm glad that you're working through it and that you're moving forward so that that's awesome just that's all we can do is keep moving forward I am in a really great place and that's all that really matters and I want to thank you both because this channel while not why was genuinely helpful in helping me inject that first day thank you thank you we we appreciate the feedback sometimes we're just talking to the Black Box yeah all right well thank you for your time absolutely you've got a live I'm really hyped to get into your chat there and talk to the community let me close us out so thank you for joining us I'm Christ for dur I'm Lorraine Duram and this has been the downsized dish please like And subscribe thank you you

- How Much Weight I Lost On Tirzepatide By Week | Mounjaro, Zepbound, Compound Weight Loss: Kind: captions Language: en hey guys today I'm breaking down how much weight I lost by week and by month on compound tppe tide if you're new to my channel hi I'm Madison I lost more than 30 lbs on compound tepati tepati is the active ingredient in mongero and Zep bounds when I was on my journey I loved hearing these kind of breakdowns just a couple weeks ago I took my last her zeeti shots and I personally have decided to get off of it and end my journey I'm really really happy with how things went I did four months therapeutic where I lost most of my weight and then the last two months I did a weaning SL maintenance dose I did my weight loss alongside a high protein diet and regular exercise that included strength training all right let's jump into these numbers I have been really shy about sharing my starting weight for the longest time um but I'm just going to go ahead and share it at my top weight I was about 173 lb and I'm 5'7 so my BMI was right at 27 which is one of the lower recommendations when it comes to these medicines I do have an underlying condition of heart disease and PCOS so I qualified for this kind of treatment now okay my first week my hormones were so incredibly out of whack when I started this treatments one of the beautiful things about about this treatment is that my hormones got balanced so much I was trying to prevent my PCOS and prevent pregnancy through the pill and I was bleeding like 3 weeks out of the month it was literally terrible so I definitely had just a ton of inflammation and water weight so that first week on the 2.5 dose I lost 9 lb which is not like a normal amount of weight to lose on this medicine normally between like 1 and 3 lb is what you're shooting for but I am not the only one out there that lost like a giant chunk of weight that first week if you are someone who has just a ton of inflammation in water weights that first week on the medicine can just kind of like flush all that out and chill all of that out and oh my goodness like my face had been so puffy I was like not recognizing myself in photos cuz my face was so puffy and just like within 3 or 4 days on this medicine like I was seeing like my Jawbone again and like my cheekbones and I was like this is crazy um I do want to mention that after the first month on the medicine I did um switch to an IUD which immediately made a lot of my PCOS symptoms um better so I love that I was also working on balancing my hormones in other ways while on this medication but I think um all of that being said is why I lost 9 lb that first week cuz that was crazy week two I lost 3 lb which is also a large number within normal my providers I think um always said between like 1 and 3 lb is like ideal uh some some weeks you won't lose anything and that can be normal some weeks you might even gain a little bit which can't be normal especially if you still have Cycles so week two I lost 3 lb week three I lost 1 lb and week four I lost 2 lb so my total month one weight loss was 15 lb which is a lot a lot more than normal but I think because I had so much water weight and a hormonal imbalance and inflation going on I think that's why that number was just like so large week five I lost 3 lbs week six I lost one PB week seven I lost one PB week eight I lost 2 lb my total month to weight loss was 7 lb so now I'm getting into like the normal healthier numbers of weight loss and this whole time like I mentioned I'm doing high protein diet trying to eat minimum 1,200 calories a day doing regular exercise with strength training so I'm trying to do this as right and healthy as I possibly can and after that first month I started to get into more like healthier numbers when it came to weight loss I also want to mention I just wrote down pounds not ounces I don't know I also I didn't know I was going to end up like sharing all this and so it was just like a personal chart and I would just write like my current weight for that week or how much I lost that week and I just kept it on a note on my phone week N I lost one lb week 10 I lost 2 lb week 11 I lost 2 lb week 12 I lost one pound total of month three weight loss was six pounds so I would call that a great month week 13 I lost one pound week 14 I lost one pound week 15 I lost one pound week 16 I stayed the same so my total weight loss during month 4 was minus 3 lbs and at the end of this month I was actually kind of reaching my goal weight where I was hoping to end up I was considering even getting off the medicine and then after talking to some more people and doing some more research I was like you know what I want to wean down I want to do a couple months maintenance SL weening maybe lose just a couple more pounds and then you know if I do have some bounce back I'm not as worried about it so I decided after that month to drop two half doses so I was taking about 1.25 milligrams which is just a tiny tiny dose but I was taking it every week so week 17 I stayed the same again week 18 I was down one lb week 19 same week 20 I was down one lb so my total weight loss month five was 2 more PBS and that's what I was thinking of as a maintenance dose so now this next month month six I was taking my half dose every other week so week 21 I was down one pound week 22 I stayed the same week 23 the same week 24 the same and week 25 the same so I lost 1 lb during that last month and that was such a low spread out dose that I wasn't expecting um to lose much and now I've been off of it just a couple weeks and I have not gained or lost anything and I've been continuing my lifestyle choices but that being said I probably still have built up medicine in my system I do plan to continue updating you guys with videos maybe do like monthly check-ins about how I'm doing off the medicine so far I'm glad I did it this way I'm glad I stayed on the lowest dose for my therapeutic months because I did have some side effects I had some nausea fatigue sometimes a little dizziness like you know and it all would have been worse if I increased my dose I was able to steadily lose the weight I wanted to do in 4 months I'm glad I did a weaning maintenance dose those last two months it allowed me to you know get some coping strategies with the food noise coming back and being hungry ER again my biggest strategies are really um a 14 to 16 hour intermittent fasting and then a high protein diet I try to avoid sugar and fried foods but if occasionally they happen I try not to beat myself up if things don't go perfect with intermittent fasting or any of these I try to give myself a lot of Grace but just sticking to those lifestyle changes I do Pilates once a week I do weight training once a week and then I try to move my body through walks or whatever every day that I can I use the tellah health join Fridays I highly recommend them they're great about giving all kinds of support and they have some of the lowest compound prices you can find if you'd like to use my code my code Madison will get you some money off your first month membership if you have any questions for me about my journey feel free to leave them in the comment section if you'd like to share your journey where you're at if you had crazy weight loss your first month or you had to tie trade but first let me know I'd love to hear everyone's bodies respond so uniquely different to these medicines I hope sharing my story is helpful to others um but I do want to warn you not to compare all of our bodies are different and if you are on this journey congratulations on taking care of yourself and I wish you the absolute best of luck please give this video a like it really helps my channel subscribe if you have not and I will see you in my next video

- Mounjaro Journey Start to Finish: 11 Stone, Size 24 to Size 8 Now What? #weight loss transformation: Kind: captions Language: en Another day, another Mounjaro headline. Brits&nbsp; could soon be able to get Ozempic big style fat&nbsp;&nbsp; traps from high streeties. According to reports,&nbsp; bonuses to prescribe weight loss drugs to patients&nbsp;&nbsp; in England. They could get bonuses of up to £3,000&nbsp; a year to improve access to weight loss support.&nbsp;&nbsp; Every day there is a new GLP1 headline. Be it&nbsp; it's good for other things outside of weight loss,&nbsp;&nbsp; it doesn't support with other things outside&nbsp; of weight loss, you need to be on it long term,&nbsp;&nbsp; you should only be on it short term. There's&nbsp; no evidence of the long term. And there's&nbsp;&nbsp; decades worth of evidence of the long term. But&nbsp; ultimately, if you're considering using Mounjaro for&nbsp;&nbsp; weight loss like I did, there really is only one&nbsp; question. Is it worth it? So, what we're going to&nbsp;&nbsp; look at in this video is weight loss doses, side&nbsp; effects, how I maximize my weight loss on Mounjaro,&nbsp;&nbsp; regrets, and what I'd do differently,&nbsp; and maintenance once you stop medication. These are the size 24 shorts that&nbsp; I was wearing in this picture. So let's start with weight loss. So first of&nbsp; all when I started out I was 20 stone 12 lb. I&nbsp;&nbsp; was a UK dress size 22 to 24 and my BMI was 40.1&nbsp; placing me in the morbidly obese rate. I already&nbsp;&nbsp; have a diagnosis of polycystic ovary syndrome and&nbsp; irritable bowel syndrome. And in my last pregnancy&nbsp;&nbsp; I had had gestational diabetes putting me in&nbsp; increased 50% risk of type 2 diabetes within the 5&nbsp;&nbsp; years after that pregnancy. Just for some context,&nbsp; I'm 39 and I'm 5' 10. I will brief through what I&nbsp;&nbsp; lost each month. It's written down. So, in my&nbsp; first month, I lost £21. In my second month,&nbsp;&nbsp; I lost £16. In my third month, I lost £13. In my&nbsp; fourth month, I lost £13. In my fifth month, I&nbsp;&nbsp; lost 12. In my sixth month, I lost £11. And in my&nbsp; last month, so in my seventh month, I lost 13 lb.&nbsp;&nbsp; So, in total on Mounjaro, I lost 90. I had already&nbsp; lost a little bit of weight prior to using Mounjaro, &nbsp;&nbsp; but started to gain it back. So I went from&nbsp; 20 nearly 21 stone down to 10 stone four. Now how I came to the decision to titrate up&nbsp; was that when I first started the medication&nbsp;&nbsp; the general guidance was that you go up after 4&nbsp; weeks. So 2.5 was successful for me. I had good&nbsp;&nbsp; levels of suppression but I went up because&nbsp; that's what I thought you had to do. When I&nbsp;&nbsp; got to my second 5mg, I found that&nbsp; it wasn't effective anymore. I didn't have high&nbsp;&nbsp; levels of suppression. It felt like it was taking&nbsp; longer to work and wasn't working for as long. And&nbsp;&nbsp; so that's when I decided to go up to 7.5. Now, I&nbsp; lost the remainder of my weight on 7.5 millig. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; I didn't have to worry about titrating back up.&nbsp; However, when I got to the last pen of the 7.5,&nbsp;&nbsp; it was having the same difficulties that the&nbsp; last 5 mgram pen was. I wasn't It was taking&nbsp;&nbsp; longer to kick in. It wasn't lasting as long.&nbsp; So, by day four, I was finding I didn't have&nbsp;&nbsp; suppression and that food noise came back had I&nbsp; not have lost all of the weight. I think I would&nbsp;&nbsp; have then had to titrate up and probably&nbsp; gotten up to 15mg at some point. So, let's look at side effects. So I'll put up&nbsp; on the screen some of the side effects that we&nbsp;&nbsp; have information about. So some of the common,&nbsp; uncommon and the extreme side effects. But I'll&nbsp;&nbsp; talk about what impacted me at the start, middle&nbsp; and end of my journey because it did change. So&nbsp;&nbsp; in terms of positive side effects, initially I&nbsp; had increased energy levels and the food noise&nbsp;&nbsp; and hunger suppression were there. Now the energy&nbsp; levels didn't remain like that and towards the&nbsp;&nbsp; sort of middle and end of my journey actually I&nbsp; suffered quite a lot with feeling really lethargic&nbsp;&nbsp; particularly around the time of the injection&nbsp; the food noise being gone and the hunger levels&nbsp;&nbsp; suppression remained but I did have to increase&nbsp; my dose to keep them at the same level. In terms&nbsp;&nbsp; of negative side effects, when I started using&nbsp; the medication, constipation, this headache,&nbsp;&nbsp; this very hormonal feeling headache that would&nbsp; last one to two days after the injection, I used&nbsp;&nbsp; to get a rash around the injection site and spells&nbsp; of dizziness. It remained on and off throughout my&nbsp;&nbsp; journey. And then towards the middle and end of&nbsp; my journey, so by the time I was at 7.5 millig, I&nbsp;&nbsp; really struggled with my energy levels being like&nbsp; tanking and sulfur burps were they came in awful.&nbsp;&nbsp; And the worst one for me was hair loss. So my hair&nbsp; shedding was quite significant and I'll insert&nbsp;&nbsp; some pictures here. But it got to the point that&nbsp; I was scared to even wash or brush my hair because&nbsp;&nbsp; the level of hair that I was losing and whether&nbsp; that's the Mounjaro or a result of the weight loss,&nbsp;&nbsp; it was ultimately a side effect of this journey&nbsp; and that was probably the most difficult for me.&nbsp;&nbsp; I also experienced cold. My anxiety levels would&nbsp; go up. I'd take the injection and the day after&nbsp;&nbsp; I'd notice and maybe for a couple of days that&nbsp; my anxiety levels would be through the roof. So, how did I maximize my weight loss?&nbsp; Quite simply, I introduced movement. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; not necessarily extrrenous physical exercise,&nbsp; but I just set myself movement goals for each&nbsp;&nbsp; day. And I worked upon the basis of my Apple&nbsp; Watch. So, trying to get to 10,000 steps a&nbsp;&nbsp; day. And I then introduced going to the gym&nbsp; and doing couch to 5k and eventually park&nbsp;&nbsp; runs. They haven't been consistent throughout&nbsp; my journey, but movement has. And you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; even if it's walking on the spot, running&nbsp; up and down the stairs, walking to the shop,&nbsp;&nbsp; not taking the car, if I can do those things and&nbsp; adding to say going to the gym or doing a park run&nbsp;&nbsp; or or starting couch to 5k again, which I I have&nbsp; now been doing more consistently this year, I'm&nbsp;&nbsp; getting that movement in, which means I'm getting&nbsp; I'm in a calorie deficit. And I also make sure&nbsp;&nbsp; that I was hydrated. So, I would drink between&nbsp; 1 and 1/2 to 2 and 1/2 lers of water a day. regrets and what I would do differently. So these&nbsp; regrets and what I would do differently feed into&nbsp;&nbsp; the side effects. If I had have implemented&nbsp; these things earlier on, I think I could have&nbsp;&nbsp; minimized the impact of some of the side effects&nbsp; particularly say the hair loss, the energy levels.&nbsp;&nbsp; So first and foremost, I wish I'd have introduced&nbsp; strength training right at the beginning of my&nbsp;&nbsp; journey because like any weight loss journey,&nbsp; it's weight loss. So you will lose muscle mass.&nbsp;&nbsp; I wish I'd have introduced strength training&nbsp; earlier on and it doesn't have to be you know&nbsp;&nbsp; going and pumping however many weights just gentle&nbsp; you know weight training which you can do at home&nbsp;&nbsp; and I do now do at home as well equally it's I&nbsp; wish that at the very beginning I'd have taken&nbsp;&nbsp; more interest and understanding around my protein&nbsp; levels and my fiber levels and my healthy fats&nbsp;&nbsp; because I think by doing that one I would have&nbsp; reduced things like hair loss and the the energy&nbsp;&nbsp; levels tanking, but also because as you come to&nbsp; come off the medication and when you get things&nbsp;&nbsp; like the food noise and the hunger levels back,&nbsp; if you're if you've already adapted your eating,&nbsp;&nbsp; I think it makes that slightly easier. So,&nbsp; whilst those things don't blow your mind,&nbsp;&nbsp; they are what I would have done differently.&nbsp; When I came from 7.5 to 5 milligrams,&nbsp;&nbsp; the food noise and the hunger came back. And that&nbsp; was probably about 2 3 weeks into using the 5&nbsp;&nbsp; milligrams. And what that did is that allowed me&nbsp; to start using the tools that I had developed,&nbsp;&nbsp; which I'll link a video up here. You I won't&nbsp; go into those here, but watch that video and&nbsp;&nbsp; I explain sort of more about what daily tools&nbsp; I use to replace Mounjaro. coming down meant that&nbsp;&nbsp; I was even though they came back instantly, I was&nbsp; I still had that sort of barrier, the cushion of&nbsp;&nbsp; the medication, and it meant I could adapt to&nbsp; it a bit easier than just going cold turkey. I&nbsp;&nbsp; think I would have really really struggled. And&nbsp; you know, not to say it's not still a struggle,&nbsp;&nbsp; but that made it a lot easier. And it meant that I&nbsp; could move things around a little bit and finally&nbsp;&nbsp; settle on eating five smaller meals because at&nbsp; that point, my hunger wasn't back where it was.&nbsp;&nbsp; It was sort of in the middle of having suppression&nbsp; and not having suppression. So the five smaller&nbsp;&nbsp; meals means that I know I'm eating enough&nbsp; throughout the day. I know that I'm not&nbsp;&nbsp; starving and it gives me space to concentrate&nbsp; on my issue which is the emotional eating. So maintenance. So I am now coming into my 15th&nbsp; week post mangjaro and it's been up and down.&nbsp;&nbsp; It's not always been easy but my biggest issue&nbsp; is the emotional eating. So, I actually don't&nbsp;&nbsp; have the food noise. Haven't had that for some&nbsp; time. But it is just wanting to eat when there&nbsp;&nbsp; there's something going on, particularly if I'm&nbsp; bored or I'm stressed. And it's that conditioning&nbsp;&nbsp; and working on that that for me is the issue.&nbsp; My hunger has always been quite extreme. I'm&nbsp;&nbsp; finding my feet a lot more. So, I know that I'm&nbsp; eating enough. I know that the hunger isn't as&nbsp;&nbsp; in previous weight loss attempts when I would&nbsp; literally be, you know, so restrictive that I&nbsp;&nbsp; was actually hungry. This isn't about that. So,&nbsp; I know that when I've eaten and then I'm bored&nbsp;&nbsp; and I I go to the fridge, that's about not about&nbsp; food. That's about needing to find something to&nbsp;&nbsp; do. But as the longer I've gone on, the the easier&nbsp; that maintenance is becoming. So there are days&nbsp;&nbsp; when it feels really hard and then there are days&nbsp; more days now where it doesn't feel really hard.&nbsp;&nbsp; And week 14 update and I will give this its own&nbsp; platform. But in terms of my week 14 update in&nbsp;&nbsp; week 13 as you may have seen from my April Fool's&nbsp; video, I'm a little bit behind. But I had gone&nbsp;&nbsp; up 2.8 lb which wouldn't it's not fat because I&nbsp; didn't eat excessive calories. It would have been&nbsp;&nbsp; weight for whatever reason a weight fluctuation.&nbsp; I think probably my time of the month. Um,&nbsp;&nbsp; so this week I've gone pretty much back down. So&nbsp; I'm still N stone 9, which since stopping Mounjaro,&nbsp;&nbsp; I have lost about 9 lb. So in terms of this&nbsp; channel and where we're going, this is all&nbsp;&nbsp; about health and lifestyle and making changes and&nbsp; finding my feet as a slimmer person. So, I put a&nbsp;&nbsp; poll up recently where I asked what videos people&nbsp; wanted to see and it was kind of quite resounding&nbsp;&nbsp; in that people wanted to they want to know about&nbsp; the journey. So, my next video is going to be&nbsp;&nbsp; around the impact of losing 11 stone in weight&nbsp; and mostly that focuses on loose skin and what&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm doing to address that and how that's impacting&nbsp; me. I'll continue to do the weekly updates and any&nbsp;&nbsp; recommendations or comments or anything you&nbsp; want to share, just leave in the comments. If&nbsp;&nbsp; you haven't, do like and hype the video. Let's&nbsp; see if we can get it on the top 100. And if you&nbsp;&nbsp; want to continue to follow the journey, please&nbsp; do subscribe. And I will see you in the comments.

- Mounjaro Weight Loss - WEEK 1 RESULTS (TIRZEPATIDE) UK: Kind: captions Language: en hello and welcome to my week one major wegovy&nbsp; weight loss journey where we're going to talk&nbsp;&nbsp; about the weight loss results and we're going&nbsp; to talk about the skinny jab side effects or zed&nbsp;&nbsp; pound is what they call it in some countries as&nbsp; far as i know okay so my name is dell and i'm 48&nbsp;&nbsp; years old i'm about 5'6 i am 19 stone and 2 lb as&nbsp; i weighed last week and i'm going to be completely&nbsp;&nbsp; honest with you i am 47 bmi and i should be 26&nbsp; apparently so this channel is going to be in&nbsp;&nbsp; my journey of doing things i am not a doctor i&nbsp; need to point out that i'm not a doctor i don't&nbsp;&nbsp; know anything about the medic it's only by my own&nbsp; research and my own experiences what i'm doing and&nbsp;&nbsp; i'm just making the document if anyone feels like&nbsp; i'm helping that's brilliant let me know in the&nbsp;&nbsp; comments if you're feeling the same as me right so&nbsp; it's been week one and um i haven't weighed myself&nbsp;&nbsp; yet but i'm going to be completely honest with&nbsp; you i haven't felt much different in the sense&nbsp;&nbsp; of i'm still hungry all the time i feel like i've&nbsp; lost nothing and i'm eating as much as i normally&nbsp;&nbsp; do so and it's a lot i'm eating always eating at&nbsp; the bad times i'm always eating the wrong food i&nbsp;&nbsp; literally can't go to sleep without having a big&nbsp; dinner and um we'll say some kind of sweet stuff&nbsp;&nbsp; it's a fact i literally can't go to sleep without&nbsp; it so that hasn't changed at all which is a bit&nbsp;&nbsp; disappointing now i might check the scales in a&nbsp; minute and i could be 10 stone lighter which a&nbsp;&nbsp; doubt but i got a feeling i'm either the same more&nbsp; and if it's even a pound less it's probably not&nbsp;&nbsp; cuz i fluctuate all the time so all i was going to&nbsp; say was is that with um the side effects i've had&nbsp;&nbsp; a few side effects um what i'll say is look after&nbsp; i took the first injection i remember i remember&nbsp;&nbsp; thinking that well i started feeling the next day&nbsp; i was more tired than usual i'm always tired back&nbsp;&nbsp; to the being unhealthy and i got diabetes now this&nbsp; is new as well which i've caused myself by the way&nbsp;&nbsp; um i felt tired maybe a bit dozier than usual like&nbsp; you know and i wasn't sure if it was just me or&nbsp;&nbsp; that but it's definitely feel like it was that&nbsp; then the other side effect i started getting was&nbsp;&nbsp; um burping wind gas whatever you call it it was&nbsp; quite bad it was like big long ones do you know&nbsp;&nbsp; what i mean and it was kind of a horrible smell&nbsp; off it and i don't want to put anyone off but it&nbsp;&nbsp; was and if i wasn't already single i would&nbsp; be now after that you know but um as i say&nbsp;&nbsp; like yeah that's still going now with the gas i&nbsp; started to feel bloated which as everyone knows&nbsp;&nbsp; being bloated is very uncomfortable but i started&nbsp; getting worse towards the end of the week or the&nbsp;&nbsp; end of this week since i took it i think around&nbsp; last tuesday and today is tuesday um but what&nbsp;&nbsp; was happening is with the bloatedness it makes&nbsp; me felt fuller it made me felt full which is a&nbsp;&nbsp; good thing to the point where you don't want to be&nbsp; burping all the time now apparently that does pass&nbsp;&nbsp; so that's good because you know you don't want&nbsp; to be doing that all the time but i noticed that&nbsp;&nbsp; um yeah i started feeling full and um i was&nbsp; still very ravenous and i don't need to be&nbsp;&nbsp; full to want to eat that's my biggest problem see&nbsp; i was hoping for this food noise to disappear and&nbsp;&nbsp; it it didn't i thought i was convincing myself&nbsp; it wasn't but i'd have moments of ravenous and&nbsp;&nbsp; i couldn't help myself from going and eating so&nbsp; i'll be honest with you for the first week this&nbsp;&nbsp; week i've been i wouldn't say depressed um a bit&nbsp; disappointed i'm still optimistic now don't want&nbsp;&nbsp; to put people off of taking it or not taking&nbsp; it right it's just don't be disheartened i'm&nbsp;&nbsp; trying to be optimistic and i have read and i've&nbsp; heard and i even spoken to the gp about this that&nbsp;&nbsp; um should i up the dose already and all that is&nbsp; it too soon and all that and it can take a week&nbsp;&nbsp; or two weeks some people even have to go up to&nbsp; the next dose which you have to wait for the&nbsp;&nbsp; four weeks to build up um to the 5 mg and um i was&nbsp; just like i was expecting i'm talking to all these&nbsp;&nbsp; people on on facebook and stuff real nice people&nbsp; as well who are in the same kind of journey and&nbsp;&nbsp; um some people are calling it zedbound and some&nbsp; people are still calling ozempic i know they're&nbsp;&nbsp; very similar but they're not quite the same but i&nbsp; just thought i'd say that there but um zbound but&nbsp;&nbsp; um what i was going to say is that yeah they felt&nbsp; results in the same day and some people in a day&nbsp;&nbsp; after a couple of days and i was like expecting&nbsp; that too and they said oh some people i was like&nbsp;&nbsp; why do i have to be that one person who doesn't&nbsp; have any of these um well who didn't have it&nbsp;&nbsp; straight away why do i have to be that one person&nbsp; who takes ages now there is a bit of good news&nbsp;&nbsp; yesterday was the day before today obviously um i&nbsp; today is my my next injection yesterday along with&nbsp;&nbsp; the bloatedness and all the the wind passing wind&nbsp; i don't know if youtube allow me to say you know&nbsp;&nbsp; what i'm saying but i noticed i wasn't hungry as&nbsp; usual i noticed that i wasn't as ravenous as usual&nbsp;&nbsp; and i was like is it my imagination yet or is it&nbsp; too soon to say i don't know now again i didn't i&nbsp;&nbsp; actually all right i tell you what i've done this&nbsp; is crazy i normally this is going to sound bad&nbsp;&nbsp; but i normally go to bed with a ton of sweets&nbsp; and chocolate so i can watch a movie or tv or&nbsp;&nbsp; something in bed as i'm eating stuff before i fall&nbsp; asleep which everyone knows really bad thing to do&nbsp;&nbsp; now what i done was i brought up some a couple of&nbsp; when i say a couple about three bars of chocolate&nbsp;&nbsp; last night and some fizzy sweety things right&nbsp; i brought them up and i started watching some&nbsp;&nbsp; kind of youtube thing where i was helping me&nbsp; fall asleep and i woke up this morning they&nbsp;&nbsp; were still there i had actually forgotten that i&nbsp; brought them up i'd forgotten that i had knee in&nbsp;&nbsp; them i was like was that accidental now today i've&nbsp; taken my second dose and um i it's what time is it&nbsp;&nbsp; now it is it's4 to 1 um in the in uk time it's4 to&nbsp; 1:00 a.m and uh did i say that right no it's quart&nbsp;&nbsp; to 1 anyway yeah so p.m and today i've taken my&nbsp; injection this morning about 8:00 and um i'm not&nbsp;&nbsp; hungry now i don't want to start getting excited&nbsp; just yet because i i've had this before i've not&nbsp;&nbsp; been hungry i never eat breakfast i'm never hungry&nbsp; in the morning i'm wondering has it kicked in&nbsp;&nbsp; because those chocolates i didn't eat last night&nbsp; i'm not particularly hungry i even bought some&nbsp;&nbsp; protein shakes um to have in the morning to&nbsp; kind of fill me up i don't even want it today&nbsp;&nbsp; um i even got on the treadmill today which is i&nbsp; bought one it's kind of a walking pad they call&nbsp;&nbsp; it i bought one and just kind of left it there you&nbsp; know you know like use as a clothes or sort of put&nbsp;&nbsp; my clothes on you know how it turns out with the&nbsp; weight shim you buy a weight gym yeah next minute&nbsp;&nbsp; you throw all your clothes on it it becomes a&nbsp; bench but anyway so i was going to say is look&nbsp;&nbsp; i don't want to build up my hopes yet but i will&nbsp; say i'm not hungry and i still feel full i'm not&nbsp;&nbsp; hungry and the same as last night the fact that&nbsp; in all these years maybe i was just really tired&nbsp;&nbsp; i don't want to keep i know i'm being the kind of&nbsp; the cup is half empty at the moment right i don't&nbsp;&nbsp; want to say maybe i was just tired and and i just&nbsp; didn't think of the chocolate but it's been a long&nbsp;&nbsp; time before i forgot there was chocolate next to&nbsp; me do you get what i mean so and today i'm not&nbsp;&nbsp; hungry i haven't had that protein shake i don't&nbsp; want to keep repeating myself but i haven't had&nbsp;&nbsp; that protein shake yet and it feels like i'm not&nbsp; in the mood for it even though i know i probably&nbsp;&nbsp; should just to give myself something now look i'm&nbsp; going to weigh myself in a second and say what i&nbsp;&nbsp; um what i was what i am now i'm not expecting a&nbsp; big change to be honest with you so what i'll do&nbsp;&nbsp; is i'll weigh myself now and i will check in in&nbsp; a couple of days with another video if anyone's&nbsp;&nbsp; interested um to see if this is actually working&nbsp; now cuz i i fingers crossed i actually think it is&nbsp;&nbsp; it might have taken me a week but i actually&nbsp; got a feeling especially with that chocolate&nbsp;&nbsp; repeating myself again but i got a feeling it&nbsp; might have kicked in i'm just not hungry today&nbsp;&nbsp; which is great got on the treadmill feeling&nbsp; good about myself making this video and let's&nbsp;&nbsp; let's instead of me rambling on i'm going&nbsp; to weigh myself and tell you what i what i&nbsp;&nbsp; am now so let's see i'm about to burp again&nbsp; okay so i don't know if you can all see that&nbsp;&nbsp; i don't know if you can all see that but i'm 19&nbsp; stone free all right so as you can see i'm 19&nbsp;&nbsp; stone free and i'll put the pounds and the rest of&nbsp; it on the screen i'm 19 stone free which means i&nbsp;&nbsp; haven't lost a thing or was i 192 last week i'll&nbsp; just double check and i'll put it on the screen&nbsp;&nbsp; but yeah look i always fluctuate between a pound&nbsp; or two now and again anyway so you know it's not&nbsp;&nbsp; really nothing's changed but as i said look i've&nbsp; been the saint the whole week apart from those&nbsp;&nbsp; side effects which again made me tired a bit dozy&nbsp; i slept more than usual um nothing you couldn't&nbsp;&nbsp; i mean you still could use machinery you could&nbsp; still drive you know being tired but it's just&nbsp;&nbsp; it wasn't like nothing like that also the gas and&nbsp; the bloatedness was not the nicest to be honest&nbsp;&nbsp; with you i don't mind the side effects as long&nbsp; as it's working and you know it's hasn't but i&nbsp;&nbsp; as i said it might work tomorrow or today so i'll&nbsp; check in in the next couple of days um look i'm&nbsp;&nbsp; going to ask you all a question for everyone&nbsp; watching has any of you guys had this problem&nbsp;&nbsp; where you've not it's not worked within the first&nbsp; few days in fact could you like lot tell me is&nbsp;&nbsp; there anyone who's watching this who it's taken&nbsp; quite a bit longer but stuck with it it's taken&nbsp;&nbsp; maybe a few weeks maybe a month maybe longer let&nbsp; me know in the comments it's probably something&nbsp;&nbsp; i really need to know cuz i've read so many&nbsp; different things but you read so many different&nbsp;&nbsp; things and everyone says something different&nbsp; so it's hard to know best way to find out is&nbsp;&nbsp; from people who are experiencing like yourselves&nbsp; who are watching it so leave that in the comment&nbsp;&nbsp; please like and subscribe as usual or like i&nbsp; said in my last video but for now i will talk&nbsp;&nbsp; to you soon in the next couple of days&nbsp; keep your fingers crossed see you later

- WEIGHT LOSS UPDATE | MOUNJARO 2.5MG | 30 DAY RESULTS | LOSING 20 LBS ON A GLP-1 | HEALTH JOURNEY: Kind: captions Language: en Hey, hey, hey everybody and welcome back to my channel. My name is Miss Barry and today I'm going to be sharing with you all a new journey that I'm on um to improve my health. So, I went to the doctor um a couple of weeks ago and my blood work was fairly good. Um but there were some things that I needed to work on, including my A1C. Um it was definitely a little bit elevated. So, I did have the tough conversation with my doctor about weight loss and tools that would help me with my weight loss. Of course, I turned 40 last year. Um, and so again, the things that, you know, I've been trying to do or the things that would have worked in my 20s and my 30s are just really cooperating with my 40year-old body right now. So, I did have that conversation with her about what I could do to kind of not speed up the process, but just give me a tool and something I could use that could assist me with getting this weight off and getting my numbers under control. So, we came to the conclusion that Mjaro would be the best option for me. Um, I did start my jarro 2.5 milligram um on Wednesday, July 30th. I have my notes in front of me on Wednesday, July 30th. Um, and it has been a month since I've been on that dosage. So, I've had four doses um which is four weeks worth of shots and I've had some pretty good progress. So, I'm going to show you uh tell you all week by week kind of what my progress was. Um, like I said, I started on Wednesday, July 30th. Was very nervous. I took the shot first thing in the morning before I ate or drank anything. Um, didn't really have any side effects though. Um, I was nauseous for about 5 minutes as soon as as soon as I took the shot. I don't know if it was my nerves or what, but I was immediately nauseous. It lasted for about 5 minutes. I drank a bunch of water. I was good to go. I took that uh shot in my thigh on the right side. Um, and again, my doctor did recommend taking it in the thigh because that is the place that seems to had the most or the least amount of um, side effects. So, that's what I did. And that's really the only side effect that I had. So, my first week, uh, like I said, my first injection was Wednesday, July 30th. That next week, uh, right before I took my shot the morning of, I did weigh myself. And y'all, I was down 13.6 pounds. Now, I know, don't come for me in the comments saying it's water weight and things like that. Absolutely. I believe that's what it was. I also did just completely revamp the way I was eating. Okay. I started tracking every single calorie that I put into my mouth. Um, and some nights, I will say in that first week, I just wasn't hungry. Um, I was busy doing a little moving and so I was very busy. I was drinking a lot of water. Um, I was trying to get as much protein in as possible, but I was doing a lot of moving and I wasn't really thinking about eating, which was great for me because as someone who has struggled with obesity their whole entire lives. I've lost and gained weight multiple times. Food is constantly on my mind. What am I going to eat? What am I going to eat tomorrow? What am I going to eat tonight? So, excuse me. Not having that food noise was absolute bliss for me. So, the first week I was down 13.6 6 lb. The next week, Unfollow came to see me. Okay, she was here and she was she was she was right on time, I will say. But what I did notice was when I did get my cycle, it did not last as long as it normally did. And it wasn't as intense. Again, I don't know if it had anything to do with the shot. I'd only been I'd only taken one dose of the shot um or maybe two during that time, but it was very mild. I was very pleased. I was not bought up in a corner like I normally would be. So, I was happy with that. So, that second week, uh, I only lost 0.4 lbs, which again with some bloating and water retention and things like that. I was still happy with that because altogether I had lost 14 lbs in two weeks. And that's just that's just crazy. So, the third week when I weighed in, I was down 4.8 pounds, which again, it was like, okay, I'm back on track. I'm bagging this thing. Um, and then the fourth week I was down 2.8 lbs. And then, um, as of today, um, which it's actually the 2nd of September, but when I wrote this sticky note, it was about maybe 3 or 4 days ago, I was down another 0.6 lbs. So, altogether, I had lost 22.2 lbs after being on MRO 2.5 milligram for 4 weeks. Now, that is amazing. the number that I seen on the scale, I literally had not seen in years. Um, again, throughout those first 30 days, that first month, I really didn't have a lot of side effects. Every now and then, like a wave of nauseousness would come over me, but again, I would drink water and I would try to walk or just do some movement and that would that would go away. Um, the other thing that was very constant was the constipation. The girl is was not lying when they said make sure that you prioritize fiber in your diet as well. So, I do have fiber supplements. I've also tried to start incorporating more fiber richch foods like dragon fruit, kiwi, stuff like that, um to kind of naturally get get my, you know, get the movement in my body. Um again, I do take a few supplements as well. Um but I don't feel weighed down. I just know like mentally like I haven't used the bathroom today or I haven't used the bathroom in a couple of days. So, and that kind of I mean that mentally kind of bothers me but I don't feel weighed down like you know something is wrong there. So, I did take the Mandar 2.5 for 4 weeks. Um I did switch jobs which means an insurance company changed. So, I am still waiting for my new insurance provider to approve me to move up to the 5 milligram. Um, I may have to go back to the 2.5 just depending on what they say, which is absolutely fine with me. I've had great results on the 2.5. Definitely wouldn't mind staying there, but I'm supposed to move up to the 5 milligram. So, I'm currently waiting on that. Um, and so hopefully I won't have to go too too much longer without a shot. Um, I did have to skip my injection last week because I was waiting. Um, and so again, what the doctor said was if I wait too long, I will have to go back to the 2.5, which again, I'm perfectly okay with. But I've been following a lot of people's journeys. Again, if you are on a GOP1 uh journey um to first of all improve your health and second of all, maybe lose some weight in the process, definitely make sure you go ahead and hit that follow button and that subscribe button and I will make sure to do the same. That is it for this video you all. I will give you all another update on month two. Again, hopefully I'm able to get back on my shot here pretty quickly so that I can keep the weeks rolling, keep the weight off, and I believe I have some blood work scheduled for sometime this month as well. So, hopefully I will be able to see the progress that I've made with my A1C and some of my other numbers as well. Thank you all so much for watching. I definitely appreciate it. Again, if you are on a similar journey, make sure you hit that subscribe button and I will make sure to do the same. And I will see you all in my next video. Bye.

- Mounjaro Journey | Why I Stopped?! | Side Effects | Starting My Journey Over: Kind: captions Language: en foreign [Music] [Applause] hello everyone and welcome back to my channel my name is Ashley J for those of you who are new here thank you for subscribing and I really just wanted to come on here and just give you all a quick update on what's been going on with me since I stopped bonjaro so I started my journey on majaro back in September 2022 I was on the medicine for about four months I ended up losing a total of 25 pounds but I could have done better but I really wasn't as focused as I should have been um I ended up stopping the medicine back in December I started experiencing a lot of pains and issues with my stomach and my back turns out it was my gallbladder so I had to have surgery got that removed and took some months off from the medicine and since then I have gained weight so when I first started Manjaro I was sitting at 253 and my current weight now is 263 which is getting close to 300 which is ridiculous um so once I healed up and I went back to my doctor and we started discussing some options and she basically told me that she thought it would be a good idea for me to start back on the medication so I was like okay cool so um I thought we thought that I would have some issues with getting the medicine but it was approved and I have my coupon which doesn't end until December of this year so that's lovely that's plenty enough time for me to do what I need to do so this go around I said that I was going to make sure that I put boundaries in place as far as my eating habits um that was the main thing that I struggled with so since um I am starting back on the medicine I took my injection yesterday July 4th and um everything went well it's simple to administer so I did say that I was going to do some intermittent fasting so I've been doing that everything has been going really well I pray and hope that I can keep this up but you know losing weight is just it's not my thing you have to have your mind together and you have to be dedicated to the whole entire process and for me I felt terrible after I started after I stopped the medicine and I was like oh my gosh I can't believe like I actually found something that works and then I just kind of just played around with it so this time I am going to be focused like focus focus and I also want to just to put this out there anybody that's struggling with losing weight your journey is not your friend's Journey it's not all these people that we look at on YouTube and they're losing weight super quick but you may be at a stall your journey is your journey you will lose weight when it is time so just keep putting in the work because I felt so bad like I was being hard on myself don't be hard on yourself okay you will lose the weight in your time just be dedicated have a great attitude keep a good positive spirit and have people with like Minds around you that's the number one thing that will help okay um for instance me and my husband we set up we ate we just we loved going out to eat trying new restaurants is just our thing but of course that did not help me on my journey now of course I have to be strong and be like no I don't need it but it makes it more difficult when you have people around you that are just eating whatever they want to eat so this time around we're gonna do it together um so I'm very um excited and looking forward to what is going to come um I'm motivated really motivated so I know I can do well with this medicine so hopefully you all are experiencing great results as well but I just wanted to give just a quick update you know and just be here to encourage you to just keep pushing so I am going to be back weekly with updates and that's going to help me be more accountable um with what I'm eating and what I'm doing throughout the week instead of coming back for a month update on my experiences with Manjaro but until my next video I hope everyone prospers and everyone's in good health I'll see you then take care

- The Best MOUNJARO Alternative (Without the Side Effects) - Dr. Berg: Kind: captions Language: en I recently did a video on of zembic but now I want to do a video on monjero now manjero is a very similar medication apparently in several studies it works a little bit better than ozembic more weight loss less time both these medications were primarily used for regulating blood sugars with diabetes but they also found that it helps you lose weight which makes sense because anything that improves blood sugars will obviously help you lose weight so the first thing I want to say is monjero does create some really interesting effects with weight loss and blood sugars there's no doubt actually it can even improve insulin resistance and decrease your A1C which is an average blood sugar for three months so I'm not going to say that it doesn't work but it's expensive it's like a thousand dollars to thirteen hundred dollars a month and it does come with other side effects other than just being expensive but the big question is what happens when you come off the medication does it actually correct the problem the answer is no you have to keep take taking it for it to work do you end up taking it the rest of your life is it healthy what are the long-term effects well we don't know but the short-term effects are the following nausea vomiting diarrhea constipation gastroparesis which is a situation where your stomach is a bit paralyzed food goes through very very slowly another side effect would be abdominal pain dizziness lethargy low blood sugar as in hypoglycemia various kidney problems like kidney disease could happen as well and even retinopathy which is a problem with your retina let me just kind of touch on that for a second the slow metabolism people that have a slow metabolism actually have a very efficient metabolism probably from dieting in the past you go on some diet and then your body adapts and compensates especially if you go in a lower calorie diet and then becomes more efficient so now it can run on a smaller amount of fuel it doesn't want to waste this energy so it's very conservative so it's like a car that gets a lot of miles per gallon right versus a very inefficient motor which is a gas guzzler so this is really a survival thing that we have in our genetics so anything like fat storage is survival to the body and so anytime you try to lose weight the body will resist it because you're getting rid of this potential survival so when we use a drug to bypass this whole mechanism to try to help you lose weight you really have to understand what's happening to the body internally you're artificially mimicking these two hormones because these drugs act to mimic two different hormones that are in your small intestine one is called glp1 and the other one is called Gip they're drugs that mimic these hormones so my question is is it possible to create this similar effect but without the side effects can you use something more natural is there such a thing as some type of maybe herbal or plant-based Agonist for these two hormones and the answer is yes there is and I put a link down below of the research on that and it's called phytomedicine you're using plants as medicine but the cool thing about it is there's very minimal toxicity and there's all sorts of properties especially things that relate to blood sugar control and many other effects in Plants I mean there's probably about at least 400 different chemicals that can help blood sugars from different angles these two hormones that these drugs are mimicking raise insulin to lower the blood sugar and also reduce the production of glucose from the liver that's called gluconeogenesis and they also affect the digestive system they actually make you feel full they help reduce the appetite so it's going to curb your hunger and help you eat less so my question is number one is there something non-toxic without the side effects and is there something you can do long term to create this same effect to add it as a part of your long-term healthy lifestyle instead of a short-term very expensive drug approach and I forgot to mention lowered stomach acids so when you start lowering your stomach acids that's going to create all sorts of issues with ability to digest protein absorb minerals kill pathogens so there's a whole series of consequences that can happen just from that so I always like to think long term is that the best long-term solution for a person I understand that your metabolism might be very efficient and it's more difficult and this is part of the phytomedicine data so there's four herbs that can create this effect number one berberine number two curcumin number three cinnamon number four panics ginseng now I'm not recommending taking all of these I would just pick one and try it out in addition to two other things I would highly recommend especially if you want to lower your appetite and be able to do something that fits within your lifestyle and that is this the healthy version of the ketogenic diet which is a low carb diet with intermittent fasting that ultimately is a wonderful way to correct problems with your blood sugar and help you lose weight and keep it off now if you want to know how to do healthy keto with intermittent fasting in a very simple video you should watch this one right here

- Mounjaro Weight Loss Results - Week 9: Kind: captions Language: en-GB 0:00 Mounjaro week nine weight loss result and&nbsp; 0:02 weigh in today. We're going to talk about&nbsp; 0:04 side effects and a couple little things&nbsp; 0:06 that happened. We're going to do proper&nbsp; 0:07 measurements today, but today in general&nbsp; 0:09 is going to be a faster video than the&nbsp; 0:11 last couple. So, I want to thank&nbsp; 0:13 everyone who with the massive response I&nbsp; 0:15 got with my last video which was before&nbsp; 0:17 and after. I'll leave the link in the&nbsp; 0:19 description if you haven't seen it or&nbsp; 0:20 whatever. If you're new to the channel,&nbsp; 0:22 thank you for joining and watching. If&nbsp; 0:24 you're old to the channel, you know I&nbsp; 0:25 love you already. So yeah, my last&nbsp; 0:28 respond I always get actually quite a&nbsp; 0:29 good response from people and it's all&nbsp; 0:31 genuine nice people who are on the same&nbsp; 0:32 journey or thinking about going on it.&nbsp; 0:34 So it's been really good. But this time&nbsp; 0:36 it seemed to be bigger than usual and&nbsp; 0:38 the report the report the response I got&nbsp; 0:41 makes me feel like great want to keep&nbsp; 0:43 going. Do you know when you're feeling a&nbsp; 0:44 bit flat and fatigue boom you get nice&nbsp; 0:47 responses all of a sudden you want to&nbsp; 0:49 feel that you want to do more. Now&nbsp; 0:51 there's something happened the day after&nbsp; 0:53 I made that video and it came out on&nbsp; 0:54 Monday. Yeah. And today's Friday. So&nbsp; 0:57 what I want to say is is that believe it&nbsp; 0:59 or not, the day after my um which was a&nbsp; 1:03 Tuesday, I was getting the hunger. Yes,&nbsp; 1:06 I was getting hungry. The the food noise&nbsp; 1:08 kicked in and I was starving all day. I&nbsp; 1:11 was starving. I was fighting resisting.&nbsp; 1:13 Fighting resisting. And then I ended up&nbsp; 1:15 having some French fries and chicken&nbsp; 1:18 nuggets. Now I'll it's not the big giant&nbsp; 1:21 portions that I normally have, but it&nbsp; 1:24 was I felt bad after, you know, you felt&nbsp; 1:27 guilty. Oh, where's my salad and all&nbsp; 1:28 that? I enjoyed it. Wasn't as big as&nbsp; 1:30 usual, but I was starving and thinking&nbsp; 1:32 of having more. Now, on the Wednesday, I&nbsp; 1:35 decided to take my second 7.5.&nbsp; 1:39 And then the the food noise disappeared&nbsp; 1:41 again. And I got a couple of sulfur&nbsp; 1:43 burps, feeling that like full feeling,&nbsp; 1:46 nearly bloated even. So, I'm a bit I'm&nbsp; 1:50 I've been good since, but I'm a bit&nbsp; 1:52 concerned. You know how your brain&nbsp; 1:53 works. Oh, no. You messed up. You You're&nbsp; 1:55 going to be heavier. That's fine. If I'm&nbsp; 1:57 a pound or two more, I can live with&nbsp; 1:59 that, you know. Um I don't think I'll be&nbsp; 2:02 lighter. But you know what? Let's just&nbsp; 2:03 find out. If I'm the same, it'll be&nbsp; 2:05 great. If not, who cares,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know? I'm 2:07&nbsp; still going for it. Let's check it out 2:09&nbsp; anyway. Okay, the moment of truth. 2:17&nbsp; Okay. So, nothing lost and nothing 2:19&nbsp; gained. 2:21&nbsp; So, I'll put this back on. All right. 2:24&nbsp; So, the thing is that it's the same, 2:27&nbsp; which is great for me because I felt 2:29&nbsp; like I might have put some on because 2:30&nbsp; I've eaten a bit bit naughty. I actually 2:33&nbsp; I should have said I had a couple of 2:34&nbsp; bars of chocolate. Nothing severe, but I 2:36&nbsp; did on that day. Um, so since I've taken 2:40&nbsp; my 7.5, which was Wednesday, it's the 2:43&nbsp; food noise has gone again. So I'm hoping 2:46&nbsp; this keeps lasting me or should I inject 2:48&nbsp; every 5 days or should I go up to 10 2:52&nbsp; milligram? Oh, milligram. Yeah, should I go up 2:54&nbsp; to 10 milligram? I think it's too soon to 2:56&nbsp; think. So I've got another two doses 2:58&nbsp; after this if I take the golden dose 3:00&nbsp; too. But I think I'll know more toward 3:02&nbsp; the end. But when I do take the 3:05&nbsp; injection, it completely works. Maybe 3:07&nbsp; not for the full seven days at the 3:09&nbsp; moment, but it definitely does 3:11&nbsp; everything I needed to do. As I said, 3:12&nbsp; side effect is just I've had a couple of 3:14&nbsp; sulfur burps and feeling kind of full 3:17&nbsp; and bloated, even though I'm not, if you 3:19&nbsp; get what I mean. But being full and 3:21&nbsp; bloated makes you not want to eat. So, 3:23&nbsp; that's good. So, my son's come around to 3:26&nbsp; do a proper um measure measuring thing. 3:29&nbsp; Um because when I do it, I can't I need 3:32&nbsp; it straight around and I'm not able to 3:34&nbsp; do it properly, you know, especially 3:35&nbsp; being overweight and trying to get my 3:37&nbsp; arms around and my waist cuz I really 3:39&nbsp; want a proper measurement. So, I've got 3:42&nbsp; my son who kindly decided to do it. Now, 3:46&nbsp; my son's name is Ryan. He's a bit of an 3:48&nbsp; idiot, so you have to excuse him. I know 3:50&nbsp; I love him, but I want to strangle him 3:51&nbsp; sometimes. So bear in mind, you know, he 3:54&nbsp; might ruin the video, but here it is. 3:57&nbsp; Stomach around my All right. What are 3:59&nbsp; you trying to do? It's supposed to be up 4:01&nbsp; here. Make sure it's straight. 4:04&nbsp; I should not straight up. 4:08&nbsp; It feels bent. That's 18. 4:12&nbsp; 18 in. 18 in. I can't I ain't got an 18 4:14&nbsp; in chest. It's got to be like got 4:17&nbsp; anything else 18 in that. Ask your mom. 4:22&nbsp; You know what? I'll tell you what. You 4:23&nbsp; hold this end. Yeah. Okay. 4:32&nbsp; I did the other way around. Yeah. You 4:34&nbsp; headed the other way around. 4:37&nbsp; All right. What is it? Is it straight? 4:40&nbsp; It's not tight. It needs to tie it up. 4:42&nbsp; That's right. You know what? I'd have 4:43&nbsp; been better off doing. 4:45&nbsp; Hey, that's too high. 4:48&nbsp; 44 and a half. About 44. I'll say 45 4:53&nbsp; muscles. I do my belly. 4:56&nbsp; You'll be able to do it right this time. 4:58&nbsp; Yeah. Yeah. 5:09&nbsp; this way. I know it right 5:13&nbsp; around the belly but you look too small.&nbsp; 5:17 Sure&nbsp; 5:22 the belly but you should be able to do&nbsp; 5:24 that surely&nbsp; 5:26 right about 44. All right, take it&nbsp; 5:30 again.&nbsp; 5:34 About 47.&nbsp; 5:36 47. Yeah. You know what? I wouldn't say&nbsp; 5:39 thank you for your help. No, but I feel&nbsp; 5:42 the dog would have helped me better. I&nbsp; 5:43 need room. Yeah. Get out of my house.&nbsp; 5:46 Love you, son. All right. So, now at&nbsp; 5:48 least I can log in those measurements&nbsp; 5:50 for now. I will say that I do think my&nbsp; 5:53 waist was definitely I mean if you see&nbsp; 5:55 the pictures before and after the&nbsp; 5:58 pictures are my waist is but I do think&nbsp; 6:00 my waist was about 54 55 um in general I&nbsp; 6:04 mean nothing was fitting me so I do&nbsp; 6:06 think it was that so in the last 8 weeks&nbsp; 6:08 it's down to this my chest I've always&nbsp; 6:11 had a pretty big chest even when I&nbsp; 6:13 wasn't overweight you know so that's to&nbsp; 6:16 me is kind of normalish anyway so but&nbsp; 6:19 let's see how what happens while I lose&nbsp; 6:21 weight from it or gain muscle from it. I&nbsp; 6:23 don't know. We'll see in in a few weeks.&nbsp; 6:25 Now, there's something else I want to&nbsp; 6:26 bring up. A lot of people I've said a&nbsp; 6:28 few a week or so ago that I was thinking&nbsp; 6:30 of doing a live video so we can all have&nbsp; 6:33 a chat properly and get to know each&nbsp; 6:35 other a bit better kind of online sort&nbsp; 6:38 of thing. So, I was thinking of going&nbsp; 6:40 live. Now, people have wanted me to go&nbsp; 6:43 live as well so they can talk with me&nbsp; 6:45 and have a joke, have a chat about&nbsp; 6:47 everything really. I don't mind. And um&nbsp; 6:50 so I've decided to go live this Sunday&nbsp; 6:53 at 8:00 p.m. Now, normally I'd prefer to&nbsp; 6:57 go earlier, but the reason why I was&nbsp; 6:58 saying 8:00 p.m. is because I have&nbsp; 7:01 people who watch from America who will&nbsp; 7:03 be asleep and people in Europe, the time&nbsp; 7:05 differences, so everyone gets a chance&nbsp; 7:07 to join cuz I'd like to speak to all of&nbsp; 7:09 you, not just the UK, everywhere you&nbsp; 7:11 are, you know. So, I was thinking I&nbsp; 7:13 well, not thinking. I'm thinking I'm&nbsp; 7:15 going to go live at 8:00 p.m. on Sunday,&nbsp; 7:19 which is this Sunday. I'll put the times&nbsp; 7:21 and dates up on the screen and all that.&nbsp; 7:23 So, if you want to join me, I'll send a&nbsp; 7:26 few posts out and all that to remind you&nbsp; 7:28 and all that, but please hit the I think&nbsp; 7:30 is it the notification bell and&nbsp; 7:32 subscribe button and all those things so&nbsp; 7:34 it will remind you and stuff like that.&nbsp; 7:36 That's if you want to join. And if you&nbsp; 7:38 want to join, I will be reading whatever&nbsp; 7:40 you're telling me on the thingy and I'll&nbsp; 7:42 replying to it and ask me what you want.&nbsp; 7:44 I don't I'm pretty much an open book. So&nbsp; 7:47 yeah, so like to join and I'd like to&nbsp; 7:49 hear about your stories as well.&nbsp; 7:50 Remember, my reading isn't the greatest.&nbsp; 7:53 So give me short bursts. You can do a&nbsp; 7:56 few of them. Give me short bursts,&nbsp; 7:57 right? Because I'll be all right. But&nbsp; 7:59 I'll do my best and it'll be good to see&nbsp; 8:01 and talk to some of the people that have&nbsp; 8:03 been with me from the start as well. So&nbsp; 8:05 that's it for now on this video. So&nbsp; 8:07 until Sunday when I will see you live,&nbsp; 8:12 I'll be looking forward to it. Now&nbsp; 8:14 there's one more thing. I created a&nbsp; 8:16 Facebook group for subscribers or anyone&nbsp; 8:19 who's on the journey who wants even if&nbsp; 8:21 you're just weight loss in general and&nbsp; 8:23 you need support and you want to speak&nbsp; 8:26 to like-minded people. I created a group&nbsp; 8:28 for everyone&nbsp; 8:30 so we can all talk together, support&nbsp; 8:32 each other, not quite give out doctor's&nbsp; 8:34 advice cuz that's probably not what we&nbsp; 8:36 should be doing unless you are a doctor,&nbsp; 8:37 but just support and giving each other a&nbsp; 8:40 helping hand when they're feeling low&nbsp; 8:42 down or answering some questions that&nbsp; 8:43 people might know. Like I asked the&nbsp; 8:45 question earlier on in there, does&nbsp; 8:48 anyone know about if anyone that's got&nbsp; 8:50 Crohn's disease? And um can be taken&nbsp; 8:53 micro cuz somebody I know has asked and&nbsp; 8:55 I don't know enough about it. I didn't&nbsp; 8:57 know anything about it, but I'm getting&nbsp; 8:58 the answers and everyone's so nice in&nbsp; 9:00 there. It's a real nice community going&nbsp; 9:02 on there. So if you'd like to join, I'll&nbsp; 9:04 put the picture and the name up on the&nbsp; 9:07 screen as well. So please feel welcome&nbsp; 9:09 to join and even if you haven't started&nbsp; 9:10 Mounjaro join and see what you want see&nbsp; 9:13 if you think it's a good choice for you&nbsp; 9:15 even if you're just on a weight loss&nbsp; 9:16 journey join. Okay now last thing I'm&nbsp; 9:20 going to say is see you on Sunday and&nbsp; 9:23 like and subscribe and all those good&nbsp; 9:25 things. But for now and until next time.

- MOUNJARO UK: A LOOK BACK AT MY GLP-1 MASSIVE WEIGHT LOSS JOURNEY | -80lbs ✨🎀: Kind: captions Language: en Hey guys, it's Amy May and I have been on Mounjaro for 81 weeks and 6 days and I'm currently on 15 mg and I'm in maintenance. Now, I think I've been on 15 mg since June 2025. I started in April 2024. Last week when I took my shot, I did only take 12.5 mg. So, I think if that works for me and you know, if the food noise doesn't become aggressive, then I think I am going to think about titrating down. I know that in my last video, I said, "Oh, I think I'm going to leave it a few months." But, I'm skin essentially and also, I am quite curious to see what happens titrating down cuz I know that some people have reached maintenance on the lower doses. So, like some people have managed their own 7.5 mg or 10 mg. So, I would quite like to settle at a lower dose, but we'll see. We'll see how it goes. I'll have to keep you updated. 4th of April 2024 was my start date. I can't believe it's been that long to be honest. I remember being terrified when I started and it has gone quickly. So, that's what I'll say to people who are worried about how far they've got to go or worried that oh, well, you know, I'm thinking about it, but it could take years. The years are going to pass anyway. The time's going to pass anyway. I like I said, for me it's the best thing, best decision I've ever made, but obviously everyone's different. But, I thought it'd be fun to take a look back at my progress so far and just to give you a little montage of my time on Mounjaro cuz if you don't know, I've been documenting my journey on YouTube since I started on the 4th of April 2024. Hello. This is a test. But, isn't life always? Hello. So, I've decided to try Mounjaro because of this. It's day one. I'm just about to give myself the Mounjaro injection. Today is Thursday and I am worried that I'm going to get the side effects, but I'm hoping that if I manifest, you know, positively manifest and just manifest that I'm not going to get any side effects, then I won't because it is something that I'm worried about. I don't really want any side effects and I also hate injecting myself. So, we'll see how this goes. I'll show you what we're starting with. This is what we're working with. I'll show you my belly. Now, this is probably one of my biggest insecurities. Um I did lose I think 55 lbs a few years ago. Um and the irony is at the time I still thought I was massive um even though I was absolutely tiny cuz I'm only 4 ft 11 um and I just yeah, it I got I was skinny, but I wasn't it wasn't healthy basically. Um and now I'm fat and not healthy. >> [laughter] >> So, but yeah, so this is what we're working with. Um obviously there's a lot of um potential injection sites here. I'm not going to need to worry about rotating. I don't like injecting myself and I am nervous about it, but I'll show you. In January, this January 2024, my new starting weight and my new highest weight was 13 stone six. I started seeing a personal trainer. I started watching my weight and everything and I got down to I want to say 12 stone eight. So, I've been getting into an exercise routine, but my diet's been difficult and so I dropped 11 lbs. I got down to 12 stone eight and then I put maybe about 5 lbs back on and I was 13 stone one basically. So, I think the day I picked up my my Mounjaro, my first shot, I was about 13 stone. In the first week, bearing in mind that I was going to the gym and stuff as well, I lost 6 lbs in the first week. So, I went from 13 stone to 12 stone eight. I think it's mostly empty and I might be by myself, so I'm trying all these machines that I've been too scared to try before. But, I've just done the conversion. I've just done a diet version that pull down maybe. I don't know. I'll tell you later. I'm too embarrassed now. Also, I'm not sure if I've said, but if there's no one in the changing rooms, I like to stretch in the changing rooms cuz I get too embarrassed stretching in public. [music] I don't know what it is. It's just really embarrassing. I've got my trainers ready. >> [music] >> Right, so it's just me and a few mostly boys at the gym. So, I'm going to weigh myself and then I don't know. I think I'm going to do some arm machines and then my hips have recovered and my groin doesn't hurt anymore. So, I think I'm going to go back to the leg machines as well. Now, don't get me wrong um obviously I've been on a lot of journeys in my life to do with weight loss and to do with fitness. I've yo-yo dieted. I've lost 60 lbs, put on 60 lbs. I've done it all. But, now we're on week six of starting Mounjaro. I've been on 5 mg for two or three weeks now. The first week I lost I lost 6 lbs and then in the next four weeks, I lost 3 lbs each time. But, in my sixth week, I haven't lost anything. But, obviously I was disappointed because I do go on holiday in a few weeks and I still haven't ordered the clothes yet even though I know that going on holiday in a few weeks, I'm like, "Babe, like realistically, you know, you're the size you are now. You need to accept it. You're not going to be a size eight in the next couple of weeks, hun. Do you know what I mean?" I'm like, "Oh, I won't order my clothes yet cuz I might lose some more." Just order the clothes. Just order the clothes. Basically, I ordered it in extra large because I'd heard a few like whispers that the Fabletics sizes weren't accurate and surprisingly to myself, they're actually too big. I ordered the high compression leggings. This one girl, she was like, "You need to be careful cuz like [music] the high compression is properly compressing like your organs are getting squished and stuff." So, I was expecting to be sort of like forcing them over my belly, but they weren't compressing me and I feel like if I was jumping up and down and doing not that I'm doing acrobatics, but I feel like if, you know, I was giving it a bit of vigor, then they'd just sort of roll down cuz I like wearing baggy t-shirts to hide my fat rolls. There was material bunching at the bottom cuz I'm small even though they were 7/8 and I did feel like I wasn't getting that compression around my tummy cuz I you know, if I did a few star jumps, I'd worry they'd be slipping down and to be honest, I'm not going to lie. I think I had higher expectations about what it'd do for my bum. I really noticed with the length they were bunching up around my legs and like I felt if I pulled them up to try and get a better sort of grip on my bum, I felt like I was just going to get camel toe. This is me waking up at about 5:15, completely knackered thinking, "Why have I done this to myself? Get a grip. Can't be asked. Get out of bed." And now here's me hitting the gym. Cuz of my back pain, I tend to do a lot of random stretches that don't really have any effect on my back pain before I start the workout. I do however like how my hair looks here. Cat stretch doesn't really do much, but I kind of think when you throw it back, the bum must look good. These are the ab crunches. Now, I've been getting better at these, but it's an absolute killer. I don't like that you can see my tummy, but I'm going to keep it in the video. This is the high knees. I only did that cuz I was recording myself. I can't keep that going for long. Press-ups, got weak arms. My family call me Dobby arms on account of my weak arms. Burpees, honestly did about five of them. Again, only did it cuz I was recording. I don't know what this does, but it really was like working my legs and my legs were hurting, so I'm just assuming it does something. My mountain climbers, I was knackered and also I was scared that my top was going to come up and show my belly. Look, it does a bit there. Look, I don't like the fact you can see my flesh. I can only do five of these at a time. Okay, that obviously one, I don't think it's meant to look like that. I thought I was doing it right, but now I look back at the video. I'm like, "I don't think it's meant to be like that, babe." Like I've got the grace of a mountain goat. So, that's a whole three months now that I've been on Mounjaro, which that's quite that's quite shocking. Not shocking, but like it's gone quickly and I mean that in a good way. Like I haven't felt like it's been a struggle on the most part and I'm honestly really grateful that three months ago I did make the decision to start. It's not all sunshine and rainbows, but life never is, is it? Week 12, how much weight have I lost? So, currently I am about 10 stone 12, which means that I've lost 2 lbs in week 12, which brings my total up to 30 lbs lost in three months or 12 weeks. So, I'm very happy with that. I think it's amazing cuz I know if I hadn't started Mounjaro three months ago, I'd probably be like 30 lbs heavier by now. Do you know what I mean? I am really grateful that out of the 30 days, I did go on the stair master for a total of 21 days and that ranged from between 10 minutes and 25 minutes. So, I'll put a picture here of how many minutes I did every day. Think I averaged about 9.2 minutes a day or something. So, it's nearly 10 minutes a day cuz TikTok promised me. TikTok said, "Your butt rolls will be non-existent after this. Your butt rolls will fade away." So, when I started the stair master challenge, which I think was on the 9th of July, roughly about then, it was a sort of starting weight of 148 lbs or 10 stone [music] eight. So, here's some pictures of me when I first like before I started the stair master challenge. That's my butt rolls there, which I don't know. I just hate like I think I think to be honest, everyone's self-conscious about things. My butt rolls, very self-conscious. I'm self-conscious about everything. My tummy especially. Beginning of the stair master challenge, 148 lbs, about 10 stone eight. 30 days later, at the end of the 30 days, I weighed about 141 pounds. So, so I've lost about 7 pounds in the month. You know, I want to say I was a size UK like 18/20 at my highest, but to be honest, I could have been a lot more cuz I haven't bought clothes in years. If you look at my back rolls, you know, I do think I think I'm I'm trying to hope that I'm not like just tricking myself into seeing a difference, but I do think you can see a difference. And I'm going to continue going. I'm not going to I'm not going to go on the stairmaster every day, let me tell you. I want to say nearly done eight months on Mounjaro. August and September I spent about five weeks not really losing anything, maybe six weeks like [music] up and down, yo-yoing. I mean, I've yo-yoed all my life. Current weight is [music] about nine stone. So, that is, I believe, 124 pounds, which means that I've lost 56 [music] pounds since April and then 62 pounds since January. So, since the start of this year. I don't have a goal weight yet. To be honest, I don't know if I really have a goal weight. I kind of want to be comfortably in the healthy BMI range. So, like you know, at least a few pounds leeway, you know what I mean? For them like Chinesees and like cheeky nights out. But then like they were Primark size large and I think they just about fit me. Like if you look at that. So, that was me before in that outfit [music] and that was me today trying on that outfit. So, I do think you can massively tell a difference. Basically, I used to wear extra large scrubs at work because >> I mean, I couldn't couldn't fit into anything smaller. So, I'll show you like a little video of me trying on the extra large scrubs now and they are massive. I sent it all back and then I reordered the pink leggings. I'll have to double check. I'll put it on the screen cuz they were either an extra large or a large, which I'll show you here. That was me back then trying them on a few months ago, maybe like three months ago. [music] I sent everything back and I reordered a medium in the pink leggings. So, [music] this is me today uh trying on the medium ones. This This was me when I fit at like highest weight, nearly at the highest weight. So, you can just see how much my stomach's gone [music] down. And then even the side view, like I've still got an apron, but now it's like a mini apron rather than like a Do you know what I mean? Like a full-on apron, which again, nothing wrong with. Like I was [music] apron-ing a lot. Um and then even from the back like my back rolls cuz that's always one of the things I've been really self-conscious about is my back rolls, but you can definitely tell from the back. When I first bought it and tried it on, I was worried. I was like, is it giving like 1,800 person? I'm sure and if you're tall like something will be showing, but also it's giving like if you kidnap me, what you going to do with the fluorescent green suit? Like you're dumping this in the river as well. So, that's it for today, guys. I thought I'd try and make it as short as I can, but I might make a longer compilation video in the future of my journey so far cuz obviously 18 months or whatever it is, 81 weeks and 6 days, nearly 82 weeks, whatever that is in months. That's a long time and it's obviously a lot to fit in. But if you are interested in seeing more, I've got a Mounjaro playlist and also a gym playlist, [music] so you can follow my journey from the beginning and see my progress bit by bit. I love you guys. See you later.

- Mounjaro: Who Loses the MOST Weight?: Kind: captions Language: en-CA Who loses the most weight on Mounjaro? An analysis of the four SURPASS trials that looked at Mounjaro’s effects on weight loss has yielded some interesting results, and helps us understand who is likely to benefit the most from Mounjaro and who may not benefit as much. Mounjaro, also known as the drug tirzepatide, operates in a way similar to semaglutide, which is sold under the two, better-known brand names, Ozempic and Wegovy. Both tirzepatide and semaglutide activate GLP-1 receptors, but tirzepatide has an additional impact on another receptor known as GIP. Just like semaglutide, tirzepatide comes in two brand names: Mounjaro, approved for diabetes treatment, and Zepbound, which is approved for weight loss. Mounjaro and Zepbound are essentially the same. They even use the exact same doses. The only difference between them is the FDA approved label, and likely insurance coverage. Likewise, Ozempic and Wegovy are quite similar, although Wegovy uses a slightly higher maximum dose compared to Ozempic. Recent studies indicate that Mounjaro or Zepbound may be slightly more effective in terms of blood sugar control and weight loss, with fewer side effects when compared to Ozempic and Wegovy. However, it’s worth noting that these impressive results from studies are often presented under ideal conditions, and weight loss medications tend to showcase their best outcomes. So, just because these studies achieved up to a 15% or 20% weight loss with Mounjaro doesn't guarantee the same results for everyone. However, thanks to a recent analysis, we now have a somewhat better idea of who is more likely to experience significant weight loss with Mounjaro. As a quick side note, when the study mentions that Mounjaro is more effective or leads to greater weight loss in a particular group, it means that Mounjaro has a higher likelihood of causing at least a 15% weight loss in that specific group of people. Now, let's consider the first set of factors, which are related to demographics. It was observed that women tend to lose more weight than men when using Mounjaro. This finding isn't entirely surprising because previous studies on various weight loss medications and surgeries have also shown similar trends. While we can't pinpoint the exact reason why women tend to lose more weight, it's believed to be connected to differences in how fat is distributed in their bodies. Additionally, women often have more fat stores to begin with compared to men, so they have more to lose. So, while not groundbreaking news, it's still an interesting insight. The medication also appeared to be more effective in younger patients. But it’s important to note that the average age of patients enrolled in these studies were mostly individuals in their 50s and 60s. So when we say "younger," we're typically talking about individuals in their 40s and 50s, not people in their 20s or 30s. On the other hand, older patients, likely in their 70s, didn't experience as significant weight loss. This also aligns with general trends in weight loss, where younger individuals tend to respond better to various weight loss methods, like surgery, while older individuals tend to see more success with dietary and lifestyle changes. Mounjaro also seemed to work better for individuals of White or Asian races, while African Americans and American Indians/Alaska Natives had lower odds of achieving substantial However, it's important to understand that the majority of participants in these studies were White, with less than 25% being ethnically non-white. Therefore, the study primarily focuses on the outcomes for White patients, and this disparity may not accurately reflect how Mounjaro performs in the broader population. Another factor they considered is the other medications that patients may be using. Mounjaro was primarily tested in individuals with diabetes, and the results indicated that patients who took the anti-diabetic drug metformin alongside Mounjaro experienced more significant weight loss. This finding isn't too surprising, as metformin is known to have some, although relatively mild, effects on weight loss on its own. Finally, they explored a set of factors related to a patient's health history. It turns out that individuals who were in better health before starting the treatment tended to lose more weight. Certain health measurements were linked to greater weight loss. For diabetic patients, starting with lower blood sugar levels and HbA1c values resulted in more substantial weight loss. Additionally, those with better lipid profiles, including lower LDL and total cholesterol levels and higher HDL levels, tended to achieve better results with Mounjaro. On the flip side, patients who didn't experience as much weight loss with Mounjaro typically had poorly controlled diabetes at the outset, and poorer lipid profiles, like higher cholesterol. This suggests that individuals with diabetes or more severe metabolic issues often face greater challenges when trying to lose weight, primarily due to metabolic problems. Factors such as reduced fat metabolism, inflammation, and a diminished response to satiety hormones can all contribute to a slower rate of weight loss for these individuals compared to those with better metabolic health. An interesting side note is that a person's initial body weight didn't seem to influence the impact of Mounjaro. In other words, whether someone was heavier or lighter before starting Mounjaro didn't significantly affect the percentage of body weight they ultimately lost. In summary, several factors appear to influence how much weight a patient can expect to lose Younger individuals, especially women, and those of White or Asian backgrounds tend to achieve greater weight loss results. Diabetic patients who combine Mounjaro with metformin tend to do better. Additionally, individuals with lower blood sugar and better lipid levels before starting Mounjaro tend to experience more significant So, if your blood sugar or lipid levels are currently not well controlled, taking steps to manage them through proper diet and exercise before starting Mounjaro may enhance its weight loss effects. If you're already using another anti-diabetic medication, working with your healthcare provider to switch to metformin could also potentially boost the weight loss benefits of Mounjaro. Obviously some of these factors, like one's race, are beyond a patient's control. Nevertheless, this information can still offer clinicians and patients insights into what to anticipate when using Mounjaro and how to optimize its usage. It's important that we recognize the limitations of these studies. One significant issue is their relatively short duration, lasting only about 40 or 42 weeks, which is just under a year. It's challenging to predict whether these differences in weight loss will remain as pronounced after a full year or two of taking the medication. It wouldn't be surprising if these differences in weight loss became less prominent or even disappeared by the end of the second year. Additionally, as mentioned before, the majority of participants in the studies were White, which doesn't provide the greatest representation of the general population. To better understand how an individual's race might affect Mounjaro's effects, we would need studies that encompass a more diverse range of participants. What about Ozempic and Wegovy? Do the same factors apply to semaglutide, which is what these medications are based on? Unfortunately, there hasn't been a specific analysis like the one done for Mounjaro on semaglutide, which is currently more popular, especially for weight loss. However, there is one study that examined real-world use of Wegovy and found some similar trends. Firstly, it confirmed that women tend to lose more weight than men, which aligns with what we've discussed before. Secondly, it observed that older age was associated with less weight loss, which isn't surprising either. Thirdly, it revealed that individuals with diabetes tended to lose less weight, mirroring the findings from Mounjaro's analysis. This study also showed that those taking metformin alongside semaglutide tended to lose less weight. However this actually helps to confirm our previous point: that diabetics tended to lose less weight than healthy individuals. This is because individuals taking metformin usually have diabetes, which, due to their health condition, results in less weight loss compared to healthier, non-diabetic individuals not requiring metformin. Meanwhile, Mounjaro’s analysis only examined diabetics. So the metformin likely did help diabetics lose weight on semaglutide, like it did with Mounjaro, but even then, their weight loss was less than that of non-diabetic individuals. Interestingly, those taking a different medication called linaclotide, with semaglutide, showed improved weight loss outcomes. Linaclotide is commonly prescribed for people with Irritable Bowel Syndrome and chronic constipation. It's important to note that comparing these two studies to each other is not perfect. The Mounjaro analysis focuses on tightly controlled research trials, while the semaglutide analysis looks at real-world use. Nevertheless, because they work in a similar way and share some similarities, it's reasonable to assume that some of the findings for Mounjaro may also hold true for Ozempic and Wegovy. At the end of the day, achieving more than a 15% weight loss, as seen in some patients using Mounjaro or Wegovy, is typically only seen in ideal scenarios with specific individuals. In reality, most people like you and me using these medications in the real world probably won’t be losing nearly as much. Hi, I’m Dr. Brian Yeung. Do you use Mounjaro? And what are your experiences? Let me know in the comments below. Subscribe and hit the notification bell to stay up to date, and if you found it informative, leave me a like, and share this video with someone you know can use the info.

- VLOG: my mounjaro journey 💉 PCOS, triggers, weight loss, body image issues, healthy habits and more: Kind: captions Language: en Okay. Hey vlog. Uh, this is nerve-wracking. I've been wanting to film this video for a really, really, really long time, but just wasn't feeling ready and like obviously it's just something like very personal, but I feel like I'm finally ready to talk about it because I think I could really help a lot of women that are like kind of going through what I'm going through. Even if it's just like one person, then like great. I feel like mission accomplished. But also, I don't know. I just feel ready to talk about it. Um, I want to talk about my weight loss journey that I've been on the last year and a bit. And if you see me looking down at my phone at all, I just I have a list of some notes here. And I just want to make sure I cover everything because it's a lot. But before I even get started, I just want to say this is not medical advice. So, if you want to eventually ever, you know, get started on a GLP-1 journey, hint hint, as to what I'm talking about here, or, you know, have a little bit of like a weight loss journey similar to what I have, just definitely reach out to your doctor first because everybody's body is different, obviously. Okay? Uh, this is not medical advice. Thank you very much. I'm going to do my best to not be like funny throughout this cuz this is like serious, but that's just kind of how I deal with like serious things. I joke around, I make jokes, I laugh when things are uncomfortable. So, I'm sorry in advance if like this comes off as like insensitive at all. I just get really nervous talking about these kinds of things. And I've again been wanting to talk about it forever, but there's just like so much stigma around it for whatever [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] reason. And it's a very, very helpful tool. It's been very helpful for me. So, let me get into it. Okay. I've been on a GLP1 for a little over a year now. I started my GLP1 journey, if you will, in August of 2024. It is now November/ December. I think this is going up. It's November right now, but this video will go up in December 2025. So, it's been a little over a year, like a year and a half, I guess. And I started on WGO, which didn't work for me. I'll be so honest. I literally like broke out into a rash like all over my back, like a month or so being on it. It was really, really weird. And I also just like didn't really lose a lot of weight on it, even though that wasn't like my ultimate goal either. Like, I need to just like reference this so much. Like, I have PCOS. I have insulin resistance. Like, sorry, insulin resistance. Oh, I'm so nervous. Oh my god. Girl, chill. I have insulin resistance very similar to how a diabetic person does. I basically got tested for PCOS in March, I believe, of 2024. And the doc was like, "Oh, yeah, girl. Like, this is why you've been struggling for so long to lose weight and why you have maybe extra body hair and you're fatigued all the time and all the things." And I'm like, "Duh. Okay, so like what can I do?" And she's like, "There's a lot of things we can do cuz also your cholesterol is really high." Which was really scary to hear. I was 27 at the time when I heard that news and I was like, "What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] That's so scary to hear that my cholesterol is so high at 27. Like what? And I know why. Because I just had really poor eating habits even though I was working out like crazy. I worked out 5 days a week at that time in my life for like years and years leading up to that and I could just like not lose weight. The only time I could ever lose weight was trigger warning by the way. I'm about to get into something kind of deep here. I'll put a time stamp when I stop talking about this dark period of my life. But in 2018, I was like starving myself and working out so much. like two to three times a day because I thought that I had to because I really really did. I thought that I had to because that was the only thing that worked for me to lose weight. Um, [clears throat] and that's not fair for somebody. Oh my god, I might get emotional in this video. I hope not cuz I just did my makeup and it's so pretty. But whatever. Um, it was a really dark time for me because I, yeah, have just unfortunately grown up with these beauty standards that have been on television and, you know, Instagram, social media, all of the things that have made me feel like I have to be a certain version of myself when even when I was like my heaviest, I was gorgeous. Like looking back at pictures of me, like I was still stunning. Like, okay, face card did not decline, but this is just what I needed to do for me in order to make myself feel better. But again, I wanted to feel better like overall, not just with weight loss. And again, I need to preference that like so much in this video because I understand like going on a weight loss like a literal GLP1 is for weight loss. Like absolutely, I am on it for that, but for other things, too. Like I felt fatigued all the time. All the time. Okay. Again, obviously struggled with my weight for years. Like literally years. Julian editing here really quick. I'm literally editing this right after I filmed it, by the way, just because I wanted to add things and I knew that this would happen. I was like so nervous and I forgot to mention a few things. But I did blood work obviously like before I went on Mjaro and my cholesterol like I'd mentioned was through the roof. Like it was so high which was so scary. And then after just like the first few months of me being on WGO and Mjaro, my cholesterol was completely normal. Completely normal. Okay, back to the video. And it was just really really tough for me. But to be honest with you, I literally worked out, like I said, five days a week. Like weightlifting, cardio, I was so committed, but I ate poorly. I would like work out so much and I'd be so hungry, but then I wouldn't be hungry in the morning. So like I've always been like that though. I've never been hungry in the morning. So I would kind of just like skip eating in the morning. So I was like kind of unintentionally still starving myself for so many years and then would just be like starving at the end of the day and I would eat eat everything. Which also obviously didn't help with my PCOS, right? So not great. Like I'll be honest with you though, I made like really healthy choices. Like even then, not during the 2018 starving time. After that, I still made very, very healthy choices for the most part, like I do now. Except I just couldn't get the weight. Like I couldn't shake the weight off like no matter what I did, no matter how much I worked out. And just that food noise, which I'm going to get into cuz that's a whole topic in itself, was crazy for me. Like genuinely, I would like just have dinner and I'd be like, "Okay, what am I going to have to snack on after this?" Like, "Girl, finish the first meal and then then we'll talk about snacks." Okay, so anyways, enough of that sad stuff, but that was like how I was feeling leading up to me finally being on a GLP1. I also really want to be clear, like I don't think that like bigger women or bigger people are like ugly or bad or gross or anything. Some of the most confident people I know are the plus-sized women in my life. I can get emotional talking about it. I'm going to try not to cry. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Um, and I wish I had just like a sliver of that confidence, but I'm starting to gain that back now. And not because I finally lost weight, but because I'm starting to realize that like I was beautiful then. [snorts] Oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Okay, let me get it together. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I really didn't think I was going to cry this video. Um, I'm starting to realize now that I was so beautiful then and I'm so beautiful now. Like no matter what my size. But again, I have to preface like I just wanted to feel better like all around. Like I was fatigued all the time. I don't feel like that anymore. I was just I couldn't like no matter what I did with all the effort I put in with all my working out and like making healthy choices, I just could not shake the weight. And for me, I didn't feel comfortable in my skin. So, I changed it. But I again, I need to preface like I don't think like bigger girls are like ugly or anything. And I get it. Like I'll insert pictures throughout this video so you'll be able to see like how much weight I've lost. And I'm not going to talk about the number cuz that doesn't matter. That's personal to me. And a number on the scale should not be compared to you or anybody. Like if you go through a weight loss or a weight gain journey or whatever your goals are in life. Like you should never ever compare yourself to other people. I did that my entire life and it's exhausting. Like so exhausting. So don't be like me. Okay, let me get it together. Let me check my notes here cuz there's so much I've already gone past that I wanted to address at the beginning of the video, but give me a sec. [sighs] But that's the thing ultimately is my issue was never with other people's bodies. It was with mine. And that's what I want to make abundantly clear. And if you don't know what PCOS is, I'll put like a little bit of a blurb here, but essentially it's polycystic ovary syndrome. And it's just it's insulin resistance. It's the same very very similar not the same, I'm sorry, but very very similar to diabetics. how you just like hold on to weight and like no matter what you do you can't lose it and just all of those sorts of things. So, I tried a lot of things before Mjaro and Waggoi like it was always, you know, like fat diets and all those things, but those things didn't stick. They didn't work. They're not like a long-term thing. Where something like Muro, WGO, Ompic, whatever it is that you take, like that is a long-term commitment. If you feel like you're ready for that, right? Like at least that's what my doctor told me. Again, seek medical advice. Don't take every like just again please talk to your doctor if you're like super curious about doing this yourself. From what my doctor told me, she's like this is like a lifelong thing. like you'll have to be on this for forever, but like if you choose to come off it, then like obviously you have to like implement certain things in your life and like whatever, which I already do. Like I don't work out nearly as much as I used to. I'll be so honest. I used to work out 5 days a week. I do maybe like 2 to three days a week if I can. Like I also just started a new job so I have no [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] time to do anything, which is a beast and a battle within itself, but I'm loving it. I'm loving my new job and I'm loving making content and stuff. But like I know I can make the time for it and I'm going to and I'm going to get back into the swing of it. that I do things to move my body that I love. So like I love going for walks, right? Like I love going swimming. I have a pool in my condo. But the great thing about Mjaro and all these weight loss things or whatever is like you don't have to do all of this crazy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to lose a ton of weight. Okay, so I'm just going to be so honest. That's just the god to honest truth. And I know that like maybe that sounds like crazy and it's like oh my god like you're just putting on a band-aid on it. Like just go to the gym and eat well or whatever. And it's like girl I did that. girl. I did that for years and I was miserable. Miserable and I could not lose the weight. And again, the only way that I could was if I starved myself. I'm sorry, but like that's and that's not okay with me. Like I don't want to live like that. Just saying. The other thing is I'm going to put a little time stamp here again cuz I'm going to talk about like triggers a little bit, but exercise triggers me sometimes because I really correlate it with that time of my life because that's all I was doing then was working out, starving myself. Like Julia editing again. I'm sorry. I keep remembering things as I'm watching this back and editing. This is the thing with me is I have a very addictive personality and I'm super aware of this. And back then, like, o, when I say My Fitness Pal ran my life, my fitness pal ran my life, okay? Like, I was so addicted to the numbers and I was so addicted to just like making sure I like hit those goals or I stayed way below them. So, it was very dangerous territory for me. Just wanted to add that in. And also, I'm including pictures of me from back then, which is really scary and a little triggering for me to look at. But again, I just want to be open and vulnerable and honest with you guys. That was me at that time, and I was struggling. And I finally feel like I'm getting to a better place now. So, yeah. Okay, back to the video again. So awful. But like, you know, the fitness my fitness pal app, that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ran my life, okay? And it was like I Oh my god, it was so sad. But like even if I like went a little over 1,000 calories that day, I would like try and make up for it the next day. So like if I ate 1,000 and like 10 calories that day, I would try to do like 800. That is not enough for a person to live. Okay? Like it's just awful. So that I really I really really correlate like working out with that time of my life like genuinely. So I'm easing into movement and I try to find things that I enjoy in my dayto-day just then I don't feel like triggered. there is some like weightlifting things that I'll do that I'm like okay like this is good like I'm finding balance again and then I just get like triggered and I like don't want to do it anymore. So navigating that navigating that that is like probably like my 2026 goal is just like navigating a peaceful balance with the gym and weightlifting because I don't really need to do cardio anymore. I feel like I've lost most of the weight that I would like to. Of course cardio is good. I'm going to continue to go for my walks. I love my walks. I love my little like kitchen dance parties and whatever. But I don't need to like do my 700 million hours on the Pelleton anymore. Okay, which is fine. Like I I love the Pelleton. I'm going to continue to go on it like when I want to, when I can, whatever. But I don't need to stress my body out. Also, there's like certain exercises that are really not good for women with PCOS. And I think I might be wrong. I'll look into it a little bit more. I'll see if I could put a blurb here, but cycling is not really one of them. Of course, it's like good for you. It's better than nothing. But um I think like weight training and like some more steady slow cardio is better. So yeah. So now with Mjaro, by the way, I'm on Mjaro. Okay. >> It shows the Mjaro. [laughter] >> Um I'm not on Ompic. I'm not on WGO or what's the other one? There's the one that Zepbound. I'm on Mjaro, which is essentially I think the same as Zepbound, but like I don't know. Whatever. They're all the same. They're pretty much all the same thing. Julian editing again. Here I am. Sorry, folks. Um, yeah. To be honest with you, past Julia, no, Maduro and Osmpic are not the same thing. I will put a little blurb here. Thank you. I should have fact checked that before recording, but listen, I'm human and I make mistakes. Thank you so much. Okay, back to the video. Some of the side effects were harsh in the beginning. Like I mentioned, I switched from WGO to Mjaro in November of last year. So, I've officially been on Marjaro for like a year. I'll be honest, I don't eat amazingly. Like, I'll be So, I just This is the thing. I promised myself when I made this video I was going to be so blunt and just like so honest about everything. And to be honest, I don't eat amazingly, but I still lose weight because I'm on this GLP1. I definitely eat better than like how I did when I was starving myself obviously cuz I'm like actually eating now. And I probably eat around the same if not a little bit not as good as that in between time if that makes sense. But I do make healthy decision. I do make healthy decisions still and I want to make that abundantly clear. Like I always get my water intake in. I take my vitamins and I go for walks like that kind of thing. So I do try and implement that. But when I am hungry, I do crave bad stuff. Not going to lie. However, I don't drink as much alcohol anymore like at all. Like I've significantly cut down just like because my body rejects it and I just don't crave it. I don't crave it at all. It's wild. Like this food noise I was talking about. Girl. Okay. Okay, we need to get into this food noise [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] because this is what I heard a lot of folks talking about like before their mandaro it was epic journeys and stuff and I was like what is this like and I'm like oh my god I had that so literally like I said I would just think about the next meal all the time now I barely even think about it like genuinely I like have a quarter of a meal like quarter of a size of a meal like what I used to and then I'm good for like hours hours and hours and hours it's actually whack I still love my snacks like genuinely I love my snacks but for the first time in my life I'm like actually losing weight anyway, which is amazing. My energy is better, my mood is more stable, and food doesn't feel like it controls me anymore. Or alcohol. Like again, just going to be so honest. I wasn't an alcoholic, but I was borderline. I was borderline. Again, just being so honest and vulnerable to you guys because that's what I promised I said I would talk about in this video and what I would be in this video is vulnerable and honest. And it was rough. I was drinking a lot. Like probably up to three to four times a week. like my entire weekend I was drunk like genuinely. So yeah, it was bad. I would drink like up to two bottles of wine a night when I did drink. Um and now I can like maybe have two glasses if that a glass and a half. So yeah, and that's if I do drink like I'll go weeks without drinking now. And that was like a really big weight gain issue for me was the empty calories, the the alcohol. Let's get into the not so fun stuff which is the side effects. Of course, you know, you could just do a quick Google search. What are the side effects of both Epic and Majaro? And it's going to tell you vomiting and diarrhea. And girl, I got that even still today. I'll be honest. I've been on it for a year. And I still have that, which I know a lot of people and maybe some doctors would be like, "Girl, you got to get off it then. That's not good." But I know why. And it's because I do it to myself. Not every single week. Like I'm not throwing up every single week anymore or anything, but it's like every few weeks still, but it's because I make the mistake of when my shot [snorts] wears off towards the end of the week, I'm hungry again, right? Like my body's literally hungry again. Not like ravenous ravenous, but like I'm hungry again like a normal person, I guess. And yeah, I just make the mistake of eating too much the day before and then that's when I get sick. So, not great. But I have little things on deck for when that does happen. So, I have my Graal. I take like little Graval tablets. I also have like the little chewable ones if I have an upset tummy in the mornings. And I have my Yadom. It's like a little like nasal um eucalyptus smelling thing. Anytime I smell something gross or if I'm just feeling nauseous, I just take a big [snorts] inhale of it. Oh, it's so good. It just like instantly makes you feel better. So, so, so, so good. Love that. I feel like I'm like leaving out really important parts, but maybe Julia and editing will come back after and add some things in. Um, but I do just have like a few final notes that I want to include. The biggest change honestly hasn't been physical, it's been mental. Like, I love now that food noise does not control me. Like that is such a game changer. Like I have only really confided in like my very close family and one or two friends about this and like I've talked to them about it and it's like crazy how genuinely I would just think about the next meal as I'm eating said meal. Like there's no reason for that. Like there's no reason for that. Babe, get it together. And it's been really nice to not be controlled by food in that way anymore. It's like a game changer. Seriously, this one I want to read like directly from my phone because I need to get the wording right. Like I literally wrote this and I was like, "Wow, you're a poet." But like genuinely listen, there's no shame in wanting to lose weight and no shame in not wanting to. There's no right body. There's only the body that lets you live your happiest life. And I feel like I'm finally in a happy body that's letting me live the life that I want to. And it's amazing. Like I've been able to cut down on alcohol tremendously. I've been able to just like walk up and down stairs and not feel exhausted. Like there's so many things now that I just feel like so much better in my life. Genuinely. Minuro helped me, but it didn't fix me. And I need to make that I need to make that just like abundantly clear. Like, I still have so many things I need to work on within myself. It's not a band-aid drug. It's not like a It is a miracle drug. I'll be so honest with you. I'm sorry. I feel like I'm being really blunt in this and like maybe coming off as a little bit insensitive, but like it's just true, okay? This is just this is how I am. Take me or leave me, but it is a miracle drug, but like you need to do things still and like create like healthy habits and whatever in order for it to really really work and for you to feel good. Okay. So, yes, it's helped me, but it didn't fix me. And there's still habits like my working out habits and my eating habits that I have to work on. And I'm totally totally aware of that. And I take ownership over that. If you're on this journey to PCOS, diabetes, whatever it may be, maybe you just like literally want to be on Monro to lose weight. I see you. I feel you. I hear you. You're not alone. And I want to like stop this stigma, this like taboo about it because I feel like it needs to be talked about more. Of course, there are people that are talking about it. And I love when people come out and talk about it. Like genuinely, I'm just like, "Yes, finally." Like, say it louder for the ones in the back. And it's inspiring. And I want to be one of those people for women, especially for women that benefit from it and need it and are not on it for just like the quick fix and the whatever. Like, one thing that kind of bothers me is like when women go on it when they were like already skinny. I'm like, "Okay, you're like taking away the drug for women that have PCOS or diabetes or whatever it may be, and it's like, come on." So, that kind of irks me a little bit. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie to you. Let me know if you want any more videos about this. Like I mentioned, this is not medical advice, okay? Speak to your doctor, please. If you want to, you know, go on a GLP1 or you have any questions about or a semiglutide or any of these drugs, those Empic, Madara, Ago, whatever. Again, not sponsored. Wish it was. This [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is not cheap. Um, but yeah, but yes, I am here to kind of just be like a big sister, I guess, or a sister, a friend, I don't know, to talk about these sorts of things. And if you want to see more videos like this, definitely let me know. We can talk PCOS stuff, mano, mental health, eating habits, working out habits, whatever it may be. But thank you for being here and thank you for, you know, letting this be my safe space. And yeah, thank you so much. I got a little emotional. I didn't think I would. Okay, bye.

- Mounjaro Weight Loss Journey: 13 Weeks Update +Still Losing Weight!: Kind: captions Language: en Hi, it's me again. So, first things first, just wanted to say thanks to everyone that watched my last video. It had over 5,000 views and nearly 400 likes. Absolutely blown my mind. So, really, really appreciate that. Um, just wanted to have a quick chat today. I'll give you an update on my weight uh a little bit later in the video. Um, but if you could all like and subscribe, that would be absolutely amazing. Um, I'm really enjoying sort of keeping a journal of uh of uh my journey on Mangaro. Um, and if you've got any questions, ask them down below and I'll do my best to answer them as I did on the last video. Now, before we get stuck into it, I just want to say I'm not a fitness guru. I'm not a health guru. I'm not a medical professional. So, everything I tell you or everything I say on here is my opinion. It's nobody else's. I had a few comments on my last video saying it's this is going to hurt you. That's going to hurt you. That's bad for you. This is my journey doing it my way. Um, so this is my opinion. Um, right. So, the way I see it is if you're going to lose weight, you've got to you got to have a calorie deficit. Am I right? Yeah. So, you need to move more. You need to have a calorie deficit. So, we're in this position where we're taking Mangaro because we're not doing one of those two things. So, your two pillars, calorie deficit, move more. Now, people aren't always able to move more because they're not physically able to. Um, and then I suppose it leads you down the road where you're eating more. That's certainly what happened to me. I used to be really fit. Used to an awful lot of cycling. Um, [snorts] suckered from Lender Johns in fact, uh, in 10 days. uh when I was at my my sort of fattest um no way wouldn't even get on a bike. The reason I wouldn't get on a bike was because I was too heavy. So the the eating of the food taking in the calories has resulted in me exercising less. So what what you need to do is think about how you can manage your expectations with exercise. How you can get yourself in a position where you're lighter and then you can exercise. And I think that's what we're all trying to do here, isn't it? We're all in this together and we're all trying to lose weight. I think if you follow the follow the uh the two pillars of more more exercise, less calories, um then you're going to have success. I've put up two photos on the thumbnail, one of me before, one of me after. No doubt some clowns going to say which is which. Um but for me, I can see the results and it's absolutely huge. Um, and it's made a massive difference to my life over the last sort of 13 weeks. So, what it boils down to is I'm just really a fat bloke who's trying to be less fat. And if I'm less fat, I can be more healthy. I'll be able to exercise more and then fingers crossed I'll live a bit longer. That that's how it works, isn't it? That's what we're all after here. So if you've got any hesitations, I would highly recommend taking Mjara because what it does, that one pillar where you need to eat less with a calorie deficit, it gives you that and it gives it to your big style. It literally for me it was like a switch and I've seen and read a lot of people saying exactly the same. So you hit that switch, you eat less, it enables you to move more. If you do that, you're going to lose weight. And that's exactly how it works. Right. So that leads me on to my little problem. Um it's a nice problem to have, but it's a problem all the same is next week I'm going on holiday. Now I'm going on holiday to the place where food is huge. We're talking hamburgers, fries, everything you could ever think of. So I'm going to California. and America means big portions. So, I'm really really interested and possibly a little bit concerned just to see how I get on because I've not been on holiday since I've started Mangaro. I've I'm what am I 12 13 weeks in now and I've not I've not been away. Um, so I don't I don't know what it's going to be and I'm really interested. Um, and concerned because I don't know if it's going to work or not. Normally when I would go on holiday, it would be my sort of binge time, my time to eat as much as I possibly can and you sort of you go to America and everything's bigger and you eat it and then you eat some more and you eat some more, then you have breakfast and then you go for lunch and the evening you go to the Cheesecake Factory. Um, but I'm hoping I don't do that this time. So, if anyone's been on holiday, just leave us a comment down below. Let us know how you got on. Um, I don't mean if anyone's been on holiday, let me know your all-inclusive was. I mean, if you've been on holiday um using Mjaro because again, I'd be really keen to find out how you got on. Um, I'm 13 weeks in now and I've just um well, I've just gone over the 50 lost um marker. So, I've lost 51 pound now in 13 weeks, and I am absolutely over the moon. So, um if you could, like I said, if you could leave me a like and a subscribe, uh follow my journey, and I will give you an honest and open account every single step of the way. Thanks for watching.

- it's over // week 7 Mounjaro Journey!: Kind: captions Language: en well good morning and welcome back to my week seven I'm not going to lie it's not being the best let me explain so yes folks you joined me this is my week seven on the manano journey and as you can see by the title yeah I'm not going to lie it's not been a very good week and I've made some big decisions so I'll not try and Waffle too long in this video but I'll try and explain to you of what's what's going on and what I'm doing so if you look back look up here at week seven sorry week six if you look at week six up here you'll see that I wasn't feeling very well didn't look very well looking back at it I didn't feel very comfortable at all off or on camera but I sort of took it as if it's just a Christmas bug I believed it was a bug I thought I'll be all right sickness bug bit of diarrhea bit of illness and I convinced myself that that's what it was so got through that as you can see from the last video and then we talk about timeline so week seven so Monday came I took a way in I'd lost I think seven stupid pound or something because hadly eaten that week which I just thought I can't really tell that was real can I because of being ill and stuff anyway so Monday came I felt human again I felt okay so I injected my week seven injection of 5 Mig and I did a bit of filming to say i' done it and Tuesday came felt okay went to work but I did feel a little bit off a little bit sick if I'm honest but excuse me burping but with the the burping was coming back if I remember rightly cuz I'm a week later now so went home didn't think too much of it and had some tea and that was it really from Tuesday all the way through to probably Sunday really ill like proper ill missed two days off work woke up in the night Tuesday night in pain in my tummy from just feel bloated G about it but I was vomiting and I was diarrhea and that kind of just kept getting worse and I got to the point where it's like oh my God it's 6:00 in the morning I've got to get up from work what I'm going to do bear in mind I never miss work I'm always the hero who always gone in or never ill so I made some phone calls and said I'm not going to make it and it was the last day in the office it was going to be quite a good day actually but just I was just in pain sweating prely in bed and just I thought and it was was exactly the same as the week before felt awful was sick then to the loop and that kept on Wednesday I remember trying to be a hero and get on to team to talk about something but I can't remember I must just switched it off and just in and out of bed all day feeling absolutely awful going into Wednesday night I felt awful and didn't go to work on Thursday cuz I still felt as bad Thursday morning was the last time I was sick if I remember around 10:00 just I didn't know there was that much stuff in inside you but sorry to be gross but I just need to explain that it wasn't just a bug and it was exactly the same feelings and the same process I went through the week before but not as bad I.E timate tweet felt a bit bloaty worse and worse started sweating and like I say a good 48 Hours of vomiting and diarrhea to the point where I'm like Jesus I might need some help here if I'm not careful I'm not exaggerating I did feel that bad in sleep cuz I've been up and down up and down anyway anyway so I managed to get feeling a little bit better on the Friday I still in bed I don't think did I I did work I worked a little bit but it was we were working from home I'm not going to lie I did the sac thing of working sat in bed which is my pet hate if you know me staff working in bed with the cameras off but I don't know I have this been abion to try and keep work going and get stuff done it was fine it was the last day there was nothing to do really but I'm always been that kind of hero anyway the work finished and I'm a bit worried because I hadn't eaten anything all that week I felt Dreadful still didn't want in any more pain and I wasn't being sick anymore but I was just obviously dehydrated and just awful awful and I was starting to panic a bit a bit worry about I'm going to miss my Christmas and it wasn't the emphasis on the food but just being part of it you know which I'll come on to so all that happened and I made a decision I wasn't going to inject my week seven 5 5 milligram ja and I could just couldn't take the risk of of that happening again cuz it was it wasn't just bad it was awful to the point where I was nearly needing medical intervention and that's not right I was just like Christ what do I do do I find one woman I was trying to email my online doctor but I just couldn't bring myself to look at the screen so I didn't do that but thankfully I started coming around again like I say Monday came this is the Monday before Christmas and I I just made a decision and I stuck that decision at the minute I've not injected and I've been a week off it now all the way through Christmas which I did do a bit of filming over Christmas and we had one day out just before Christmas which I'll put a video together for next week so for now my decision is I've come off man I don't know if I want to go back on it even people are saying go back to the 2.5 milligram that was working but I'll be honest I'm a little bit scared of doing that at the moment because I do believe that that injection made me feel like I did cuz it was exactly the same for two weeks a lot worse the second week and I'm not prepare to be that guinea pig for myself and be ill and Miss time off work you know I've got to go back back in January we all right let's go so I've got stuff to do and no I'm not prepared just to lose weight by being that ill or poorly so that's my decision folks on this week seven I'm gutted for a lot of reasons gutted because it was working really well I felt amazing when it was good that's contradicting myself but looking at my scales looking at my body feeling how I felt when I was okay was really good didn't you know but call it if they were side effects or if they were something that disagreed it was too strong for me I won't go through that again so I'm gooded for you guys as well because I I really enjoy this vlogging and I was picking up a good audience and a good look Community now don't get me wrong I want to keep vlogging because I do enjoy the process and whatever I will film it but I hope you man no hardcore stick around but you probably won't I know you say you will but you kind of follow something you're doing don't you on these things that's that's kind of what I was doing and I'll um I can see a few on my YouTube homepage now of people who have just done some bits over Christmas so I'm going to go watch them in a minute and see how you all got on over Christmas I'm looking forward to seeing that but yeah it's not here right now it's the Friday before tell you it is 27th of December so I've scraped through Christmas I've not eaten as much I've been scared to eat too much I've not drank so that's where I'm at but like I say I want to keep the YouTube going I want to thank you for your support at this time I'm GED I'm not carrying on with you at the moment but I've got to put my health right first and put it right and at this moment in time I just cannot and I will not take that risk of going through literally two weeks of really not feeling very well at all so I'm off it at the minute folks not all doom and gloom obviously we've got I we got some friends coming around today and got New Year's Eve we're going to some friend's house to celebrate let's get a festivities out the way bring another video next week of what I got up to at Christmas I don't know if I can put a video together cuz I didn't really feel like picking a camera up to be perfectly honest but I filmed a little bit I put some it together and then into the new year and I will be doing something for weight loss because believe it or not the weight loss has been amazing like this week seven I weighed myself again just to put it on my to diarize it on my scales and comes through on an app and it had lost another six which I'm not taking them as like winds because yeah they basically turned me inside out so I'm going to obviously put a bit more back on now cuz I've come off it and I've not gone mad with food this Christmas I really haven't I I'm like I say I'm pretty scared too I don't want to over eat which that's a good thing right let's take the positives so that's where we're at for week seven I'm off Mano I will be fasting and probably calorie counting into New Year I hope you guys stick around and follow my journey cuz like I said I really enjoy the process of vlogging and I'm not going to stop whatever I do I will Vlog it so thanks for watching this put your comments in the comments below I have had a few people reach out privately on messenger and messages making sure I'm okay and giving me advice and help and I've taken it all on board and I've made the right decision for me you know gutted as I am cuz you know that mangana brain I felt the other side I felt it's been amazing but I can't take being ill and the side effects that it was doing no unfortunately will I go back I don't know watch this space I'm still going to lose weight God yeah I've got a summer holiday to get down for so hopefully I'm going to stick at doing something which I will I've got that in my mindset still I'm just gutted that I'm not on this journey with you guys anymore really so anyway that's it for week seven join me next week for a little bit of Christmas I'll put together what we did if we if I can and then let's see what we get up to in the New Year lots to look forward to positive weight loss exercise yeah whether is it with Miano again is it not who knows stick around to find out please hit that subscribe I was tricking my analytics yesterday and I think over 50% aren't subscribed now I've picked up a lot of subscribers just lately and obviously that's obviously Myan RT journey and I hope you guys stick around that's all I can say so thanks for now I'll see you very very soon and I'm feeling a lot better and I'm okay now see you in a bit

- 2 MONTH REVIEW TIRZEPATIDE WEIGHT LOSS JOURNEY VLOG | ZEPBOUND, MOUNJARO: Kind: captions Language: en hello everyone welcome back to my channel my name is Alberto and this is life with Alberto so on today's video I'm going to be talking about my experience on the compound medication T seatide which is a glp1 Agonist it's used for weight loss I have been on it for the last 2 months and I'm going to be talking about all of my experience the good things the bad things the side effects so for those of you who are coming back thank you welcome back I appreciate all the comments the likes and the new subscribe rers I am now a little bit over 100 subscribers which I'm very thankful for and I want to thank and show gratitude to every single one of you who keep coming back to my Channel all right so let's get into this video so like I said I have been on this medication for exactly 2 months now so just to give you a little background about tepati I am actually on the compound medication tepati which is generic for set bound mararo and there's also another one called semaglutide and that one's generic for like OIC the medications were initially made for diabetic patient to help lower their A1C and control their blood sugar but it's also helped them with weight loss and now I think it's very mainstream that providers have started using the medication for those patients interested in weight loss such as myself so I started on compound TPA tide which is just a little a vial of medication that you have to administer once a week at home instead of the weekly and the weekly pins the injections that come with the manaro and stbound um the difference is that you have to pull him out of a vial and self- administer or retract the exact dose that's prescribed by your provider um to use this medication so for those of you who are new to my channel and who are new viewers thank you for stopping by and I talk about how much weight I've lost where I'm going the things have impacted my life and how it's affected um everything around and i' like to share a updated photos updated videos and I'll link all my videos in the description below if you're interested please check those out all right so like I said I've been on this medication for exactly 2 months today it is August the 5th I know I'm a little late on the video but I was at the beach I was on vacation and I wanted to make sure that when I came back I went ahead and recorded this and upload it okay so month one so for the first 5 weeks I was on 2.5 mg which is what is indicated to start off with so first you'll do like four weeks of 2.5 milligram to see how your body reacts to the medication and see how you get acclimated to it and to see if there's any side effects and all that stuff once you're on it for 4 weeks then you get bumped up to the next dosing my initial weight was at 176 lb I was able to lose 14 lb so I got down to 162 lb but on that fifth week I didn't lose any weight so I decided to increase the dose of the 5 Mig so the last 4 weeks I have been on the 5 milligram when I started at the 5 milligram I was at 162 lbs so now today I am at 154 lb and that brings my net total loss of 22 lb in 2 months which is incredible it's a lot of weight to lose in 2 lb I'm not complaining about it I very grateful that I was able to get to the weight that I'm at now so my initial goals was to get down to 164 lb but during that first month when I was able to get down to 162 lb I said you know what let's just go a little extra mile and let's get down to 155 lb luckily I surpassed that and I'm now at 154 lb which by the way is the smallest I've ever been as an adult and to be honest with you it's probably the smallest I want to be and I'll tell you why later on in the video I'm going to talk now about the side effects that I had during these two months every month has been very unique for me and I think uh it's been like that for a lot of people I've been watching other people's videos as well the dosing changes with changes of dosing side effects are a little bit different and some people experience some side effects While others don't well for me the very first thing that I notice every week when I inject my medication whether it was on the 2.5 or the 5 milligrams is that I notice an increas and thirst so I would be drinking a lot of water a lot of power raate a lot of Gatorade to keep my my hydration levels up the other thing that I noticed it was very very mild though was nausea it was maybe like once or twice a week that I was having this nausea other than that the first five weeks I'm sorry that was those are all the side effects that I had now when I bumped it up to 5 Mig then I started to notice other things some good things and then some bad things so again the nausea was still there it was even more prevalent now but it again I there were days where I did use sofran to control it but it wasn't where I was throwing up it wasn't impacting my daily life honestly but there were times where I just I just used s friend just because I just didn't want to deal with it right the other thing that was very annoying and I was very happy that I didn't have this initially was the the constipation the constipation was real so I was constipated like every day honestly and I had to take like I had to take fiber I had to walk I had to make sure that I was eating fruits and vegetables because the constipation was going to get me I guess something else that I didn't even think would happen happen my hair got very dry and I also started to get like very dry around my face like my skin was very dry and it was probably because I wasn't eating as much and I was losing weight rapidly so those are something else that I did notice I did I did not take any multivitamins I know a lot of you suggested that that I would that I do that but I didn't do it until this day I'm still not doing it and I don't know why I have no excuses for it to be honest but I'm still considering it it's taking a multivitamin I was really surprised with was there was no food noise while on the 5 milligrams I didn't hear like any like oh I'm hungry or I'm craving sweets or I'm craving this or craving that I was able to just like focus focus on the things in my life and I just felt like a sense of peace and calmness it kind of felt like I was on Aderall honestly like I I also have ADHD so when I'm on Aderall there's like nothing going on in my mind and I can focus on everything that I'm doing and I had the same feeling with the 5 migrs without the the tachicardia and the jitteriness and you know all that stuff I was able to just focus and I was like wow this feels great being able to just focus on what's in front of me and not worry about like all this other stuff like what am I going to eat or like I'm craving this or I got to do this or I got to do that it was none of that it was just like peaceful so this past week I was debating whether I was going to stay on the medication my doctor has suggested that I go down to a lower dose of 2.5 and just stay on it indefinitely for maintenance and I had highly considered it cuz I really like where I'm at now but I also want to change some things around such as I want to build muscle I want to have you know big chest say you know wide shoulders big back you know strong legs and I do want to be like very lean and muscular but be because this medication does curve your appetite and it doesn't allow you to um eat enough to build or gain you muscle I'm going to most likely stop it for now why because I think that's just what I want to do and I feel that that's appropriate for me I don't want to keep losing weight and I don't want to walk around like skinny um right now I'm very comfortable or a mask I would not mind building muscle and you know just looking a little buff to be honest I would rather be that than just being F and skinny so I did a lot of research I was looking at articles I was trying to see if there's any data to support my I guess like my next Journey on this medication or where I'm going from here unfortunately there isn't any studies out there that have talked about or who have looked into intermittent dosing of medications on and what I mean by that is obviously I'm going to go into this muscle building plan or this hypertrophy um plan to gain muscle but I while trying to maintain weight there have been other people with the similar goals as mine I just had to look for them and the place that I found them was on Reddit I know that's probably not the most reliable source of information but because there aren't any studies I don't know if they're doing them now or they're going to do them in the future where people have been intermittently on tepati or semaglutide I I got on Reddit and there was a lot of people saying that they have done some people have done every 2 weeks of the medication some people have done once a month I'm going to see how the first two weeks are without the medication and see how I'm managing that and if that's okay then I'm probably going to go to maybe once a week I'm not sure yet I'm just going to have to play it by ear and obviously I'm going to keep everyone updated and see to show you guys and share with you guys my experience cuz maybe someone else out there is wanting to do the same thing as I am but I do know that I don't want to keep losing weight I'm going this is my last week on the 5 milligram for now I'm going to shoot for a month I'm going to assess within 2 weeks to see how I'm doing to see how my Cravings are to see how I'm managing my protein intake um if that's okay then I'll push it for a month and then at a month I'll go ahead and administer the medication see how that's working for me probably at a lower dose of 2.5 I'm probably not going to start off at 5 Mig and see how that worked for me but I do want to share this with everyone um so that if someone out there is having the same dilemma or is encountering the same issues with with their weight hopefully this is useful for someone out there so I'm choosing to continue to share this journey it may be a little different now but I hope you guys stick around for that as well so this past week I went to the beach I was able to take my shirt off and feel comfortable in my own skin and I have to worry about like oh what are people going to think am I going to be too fat in these shorts or am I going to have like is my muffin top going to look bad and all this stuff so it was like it felt really good to just be able to walk around in a tank top and then just being able to walk around the beach and not have to worry about like anyone judging me you know I know like a lot of us are like oh I don't care what people think of me or whatever but I think sometimes we are very judgmental and harsh on our own selves that we forget that everyone else doesn't care right so I'm going to try to upload some video pictures of the beach and what that was like for me I had a really good time and I'm really proud of myself I'm really thankful that I started this journey honestly I did not think that I was going to be here I did never thought that I was going to be at 154 lb like that was never in my plans never did I think that that was possible I am very surprised on how this well this medication worked it surpassed my expectations I would definitely do it again and I'm definitely going to consider doing it again in the future um this is not the end of my my journey this is just the beginning medications that they're not going to fix it for you they're going to help you so honestly like during the whole thing during the whole two months I didn't just sit there and I was like oh I'm waiting for it to kick in do the weight loss no obviously I did exercise that included walking almost daily with my dogs going to the gym doing strength training lifting weights and trying to watch what I eat and trying to stay hydrated it did teach me a lot about myself it taught me that I need to be disciplined I need to be more mindful of the things that I consume and I just need to appreciate and be grateful with the progress and where I'm at in the journey not think about what I was or where I could have been and all that stuff right going to continue making videos I'm thinking of new ideas to share with you guys and all that stuff so I hope you guys stick around for more videos I really can't wait to start this muscle building or this hypertrophy program and share that with everyone and we'll see how that goes and I'm really thankful and grateful to start this and to have documented this on YouTube because now I can look back and say well this is where I started this has been my journey the whole way these were the UPS these were the downs and help someone else in the meantime so I'm grateful for everything honestly this has been one of the best two months of my life life is been like roller coaster but I would not change it for anything in the world all right so that's it for today everyone again thank you for stopping by if you haven't make sure to like subscribe and comment on this video and I'll see you guys on the next video peace

- MOUNJARO UK | MY WEIGHT LOSS JOURNEY SO FAR | How I Transformed My Life In 6 Months: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Hi everyone. Thanks for stopping by my channel. If you're new here, my name is Jem. I'm 42 and live in northwest England. And I'm here documenting my weight loss journey with Marjaro. And if you're returning, welcome back. I am here to officially talk about my six months on a GLP1, which for me has been Marjaro. I started on the 7th of November and it's now the 7th of May. So, I wanted to do a standalone video just to talk about my experiences, how I felt the last 6 months have been, how I'm feeling now, and yeah, just go through all the the goods, bads, everything. And uh yeah, so what I'll start with is my current weight. So, I actually get weighed tomorrow. Thursdays are my weigh. So, I will be doing my week 26th. Yeah, my week 26 update will be tomorrow. Um, but as it stands from last week, my weight at the moment is 10 stone 13, which is 153 lb or 69.4 kilos. My starting weight was 15 stone or 210 lb or 95.25 kilos, which means I've lost a total of four stone 1 lb or 57 lb or 25.8 85 kilos and I'm thrilled with that. Over the 6 months that I have been on this medication, I am feeling amazing and couldn't be happier with the results that I've had. But what I wanted to talk about more than anything on this little standalone video is the positive non-scale victories that I've had. I did a video a while back that was talking about it's not all about the scales. And I truly truly believe that we anyone on any kind of weight loss journey are going to have plateaus, maintains gains and things like that. And they can be due to so many different reasons. Usually water uh weight through exercise or having a carb heavy meal the night before getting weighed or a sodium rich meal the night before getting weighed. It could be down to your hormones. Is it time of the month if you are a lady? It can be all sorts of different things. So, I don't think we can always go by the number on the scales. And I think non-scale victories are so important. I'm a big advocate for non-scale victories. So, I'm going to talk about some of the the things I have experienced along the way. The first one is um the measurements. So, every four weeks I do um my measurements and I talk about how much I've lost and I I do my bust, waist, hips, belly, um my right and left thigh, my right the top of my right arm and the top of my left arm. I have left the information upstairs, but I will put it down on screen. The the difference um from my starting um measurements to how they are from last week when I or sorry, was it two weeks ago when I did my last measurements and it's amazing seeing those inches come down. I do them in inches and it I love it. It's absolutely fantastic to see those coming down. The next thing would be my clothes fitting better. So, getting into smaller dress sizes. So, I've actually made a note of what I was and what I am now and converted them for US and EU sizes as well. So, my starting dress size was a size 18. I was probably an 1820. um which is a US size 14 and a Euro 46. And then my current size now is a 12 to 14. And the reason I say 12 to 14 is um I'm not actually quite sure why I'm saying 12 to 14. I think my brain's still trying to process the fact that I don't actually think I am a 14. I do think I'm a 12. Um because the 14s that I've got are feeling a bit too big. So, like for instance, this blouse that I've got on tonight is a 14, but it is it's a bit on the baggy side and it's a wrap round one and I've really had to sort of wrap it round and tie the belt really tightly to keep it on basically. So, I think I would have been better in a size 12. The jeans that I have on are a size 12. Um, so for US that's a size a size 12 is an eight and a size for UK 14 is a 10. And for euro it's a size 40 to 42. But I actually think I am nearer the the 12 stroke 8 stroke 40. So that is another amazing amazing non-scale victory to me. I am currently in the process of going through my clothes. Anything that I think could be sold on I'm going to pop on vintage. Um and if not put in charity bags or if I don't think it's relevant for for either of those it's getting binned. And um I'm yeah, I'm going to have to get some money together to go on a bit of a shopping spree as far as clothing goes cuz it's getting less and less the amount of clothing that I have in my wardrobe that I can wear at the moment. But I am by no means complaining. I love a bit of uh retail therapy and I love clothes, so that's all good. Um, another one is my rings, which I don't actually have on at the moment, but I've had to swap the fingers. So, you may have noticed in other videos that I tend to wear a ring on my thumb. But if you look at my earlier videos, that ring was actually on one of my middle fingers. Um, but it's it was falling off. So, that is now a thumb ring. And my other rings I've put on to different fingers. Uh, the other weird one is my seat belt. So, I was always quite big chested and I'd be sat in the car, put my belt on, and it would always end up under my chin and it used to drive me insane. I cannot remember the last time I had to yank it down. It just sits nicely on me and surely that's safer for me as well. But yeah, I've definitely noticed that as well. And then the other things which are really really positive is the effect. It's the weight loss, whether it's the Marjaro or the weight loss. I put it down to the weight loss. Obviously, the Mojaro is just a tool that's helped me lose weight. Um, and I put this down to the weight loss. I have a better mood. Um, I won't say I was a negative person, but I definitely feel more and more positive and I seem to have a sharper mind. You wouldn't think it watching this video at the moment cuz I'm stumbling, but I generally feel like my my mind's sharper, better communication and concentration, um, and an increased attention span, and I seem to process things better. So, if I'm at work and somebody's explaining something to me that I would normally find quite complicated and I'd end up zoning out thinking about what I was going to have for my tea or whatever else, which obviously the food noise came into play a lot there and having zero or small amounts of food noise to zero food noise now really helps with that a lot. But, it's just my mind's a lot clearer. Um, I don't know whether any of you guys have noticed that before. If you have, drop a comment because I just feel that that is so refreshing that my mind is clearer, my mood's better. The next thing is my confidence. I feel a lot more confident. Um, I'm not sort of hiding away in my big baggy clothes and things anymore. I'm I'm I wouldn't say I was I wasn't a confident person beforehand, but I think I'm even more confident now, and I only see that as a positive as well. Um, and the next thing would be my energy levels. So, the fact that I am loving exercise, that I'm desperately wanting to join a gym, which will 100% be happening in the next week or so because I'm just desperate to do it. Um, I am having conversations about how that's going to work out with child care and things. Um, but that is so refreshing for me as well. And because of the excess and the extra energy that I have, I'm just loving it. I'm loving dancing around with my son. I'm loving playing with him and not having to stop because I'm out of breath, but yet the extra energy is a unbelievable non-scale victory for me. And the other thing is my skin. So, it's clearer. It's I used to get quite a lot of um dry patches and they'd be on my face or I used to get sort of stress I used to call them stress rashes on my legs. So I'd get patches of really dry skin that looked kind of like eczema. I've never had eczema. I have I used to suffer with contact dermatitis, but again that was when I was stressed out. My skin is so much clearer. I actually had a shock at the weekend. I was sat at my friend's house. Um we'd gone out for a night out on the Saturday night and I'd stayed over was chatting to her in the morning and um I had my legs were out and I said, "Oh, I've got a little dry patch there." And I was really shocked cuz I thought I've not seen one of those for such a it's been months and months and months and I thought that is another really good non-scale victory. Another really good side effect that I've had from losing weight is that I'm not suffering these dry patches anymore. Um, and that patch has gone it. And normally they would last weeks and I'd have to sort of put cream on everything. I didn't even put an ounce of cream on that. It just seemed to to disappear. So I don't actually know what it was. Um, but my skin's a lot clearer. I used to get the odd bit of adult acne and that doesn't seem to be happening. And it's just, yeah, I don't want to say that I'm glowing cuz that sounds a bit pretentious, but I do feel like my skin's glowing. Um so I am saying it. Uh the other thing is sorry guys but for the ladies out there the difference in my my periods my time of the month and the effect the weight loss has had on my PCOS symptoms. So I've spoke about it before but um one of my symptoms was the excess hair on my chin which I have had laser treatment for and was a lot better but primaro I had started to get the odd one sprouting through. It's just not happening now. I don't I get the very very odd one that I have to pluck out. That's it. Now, I used to have to shave and everything at times when it was really really bad. Um but that has pretty much cleared up. The other thing is my periods are a lot better. Um, I must admit when I took the pill when I was on holiday to um, stop my period from happening while I was on holiday, that did sort of mess with my menstrual cycle a little bit and I didn't have a particularly nice time in the month after that. But generally, my periods are a lot better. I don't have the pain that I used to have. They're not as severe as they used to be. It they're a lot more manageable. So, again, another fantastic non-scale victory for me. And then the last um NSV I'll talk about is my joints. Um I am 42 now. I am of an an age where I thought it was just part and parcel of getting older and I used to get joint pains. My knee was clicking. It's all gone. Now, I do take cod liver oil, and I do think that helps, but I definitely think the weight loss has been a major contributor to the fact that I don't have those joint pains anymore. And I know that um with the GLP ones, with the Mangaro, it does help with inflammation and things like that as well. So, I'm taking that as well as another awesome NSV. And then the other thing I wanted to talk about which I don't want to ruffle any feathers. So I hope people take this the way I intend it to be to come across. Um but I wanted to talk a little bit about the side effects I have. But I want to talk about why I think I have minimal side effects. And this is the part that I don't want to upset people. So just bear with me and I'll try to explain myself as best as possible. But what I will say before I get into this is we're on our own journeys. We're doing things our own way. We are all so different and what works for me might not work for you and vice versa. Um but I'll talk about that as we go along. But I just wanted to say that before I get into this. So I have two main bad side effects that have that I've experienced throughout this journey. The side effects that I know are common that I haven't had are things like nausea and headaches. I did think I had the nausea, but it turned out it was just to do with um tummy trouble. Um but I've I've had neither of those side effects. And um my sleep's been fine. In fact, my sleep has been awesome. That's been another S an SV for me as well that my sleep is so much better and I wake up more energized. But back to the bad side effects. Um the the side effects I do have are heartburn. I've had the odd little bit of heartburn, but to be honest, I've not had that for ages. When I have had it, a couple of Reny's has done the job and it's it's been fine. And it literally hasn't lasted hours or days or anything like that. It's lasted like enough for me to take a Reny's and it's fine. Um, but the other one has been constipation, which to be honest, earlier on in my journey, it happened a couple of times and it just sorted itself out. I didn't take anything. I wasn't worried about it. In last, I think it was last week's update. I was talking about it a little bit more and I did have a really bad bout of it and um I I genuinely put that down to my fiber content um was rubbish. So, I've upped that. I'm taking um some supplements now to help with that, which are pselium husk and magnesium citrate. I don't have loads. You're supposed to take or you're it's recommended that you take two capsules of each a day. I just take one of each a day and that definitely seems to have helped. Plus, I am concentrating on my fiber. But um the reason I think that I've had such minimal side effects is because, and this is where I don't want to ruffle feathers, and I'm really sorry if I do. I genuinely think it's down to the fact that I've changed my diet um in that I'm eating more nutritious foods. I'm watching what I eat. Um I don't religiously calorie count. I do when I do my what I eat in a day videos. I'm very transparent with the fact that I don't do it every day, but I I always sort of have an eye on my fiber intake and my protein intake because I always prioritize protein, which is the next thing that I think helps. Um, and I definitely think that helps with muscle um, mass loss and things like that. Um, and the fact that I am exercising, so I need that protein. I haven't cut any food groups out. I eat carbs. I'm not frightened of carbs. I do eat a lower carb diet, but I haven't cut them out. Um, because we need carbs for energy. Again, I've done another video on the importance of nutrition and foods and things um that I go into this in more detail, but um I think the fact that I have a nutritious diet and I've not I think I've had two maybe three takeaways in the whole 6 months of this journey and I'm not eating like I used to do. I have the odd bit of chocolate. I've not cut anything out. I just don't eat as much rubbish as I used to do. And I prioritize good whole foods. I eat a lot of uh salads and vegetables. Have some fruit. I'm not a major fruit eater, but I always have fruit fruit for my breakfast. Usually berries, raspberries, blueberries, things like that. Um I occasionally have a bit of pineapple and mango. And I'll occasionally have an apple and things like that, but um it's mainly for me more about veg um because I love my veg and um having all the main food groups throughout my day. I still eat things like the grenade bars. Um I don't have them every day, but they're really good for my protein intake and they give you that hit of chocolate if you fancy. You know, I'm not scared of having cravings. I'm not scared of a little bit of food noise and things like that as well. So, if I fancy a little bit of chocolate, I'll have it. I'm just not binge eating chocolate like I used to do. It's not making me want to then go and eat a load of crisp and chocolate and get a takeaway pizza and that sort of stuff. Um, but yeah, so I am I think the reason one of the reasons that I get minimal side effects is because of my diet, because of I've changed my way of eating. I've changed my lifestyle. When I say diet, I mean it in the true sense of the word diet is as in it's the foods that I eat, not a fat diet or um I'm not following a diet. I'm just eat it's I'm talking about the foods that I eat, the lifestyle that I've chosen to lead that I hope will be sustainable for the rest of my life. I'm enjoying my food more as well. Um I'm enjoying cooking. I'm enjoying the array of color that I have on the plate. I just I honestly think that is one of the reasons I get minimal side effects. The other thing is I always make sure I drink plenty of water. I have water at work. I drink water at home. I will sometimes put some uh sugar-free cordial in it. See, no issue with that at all. It's not like I drown it in it. I don't eat uh sorry, I don't drink um fresh juice. I'm not a fan of it anyway. So like um fresh orange or anything like that. I'm just not a fan. So, when I have a juice, it is just sugar-free cordial. Um, but I think the fact that I'm flushing out my system with as much water as I am, that also helps with the fact that I'm not having as severe side effects. And the third thing that I think benefits that as well is the fact that I haven't r rushed up the doses. So, I actually sat and worked this out before recording this video. And if I'd have gone on the scale that the pharmacies suggest, I would have been already at 15 milligrams and I would have hit 15 milligrams on week 21. I am now on week 26. I start week 27 tomorrow. So I would have already done I would have been on my sixth week of 15 milligrams and as you know we can't go any higher than that and I still want to lose um another at least um another stone and six pounds or around another stone and six pounds. I just say I'm I will always say this my goal is not set in stone. I will see how I feel near the time but at the moment my my goal is another stone and six pounds. I'll put the conversions below. Um, so yeah. So what do you do then if it stops working if I if I was already at the 15? So I genuinely think that staying on the lower doses has helped with the fact that I've not hit the maximum dose too soon. But I also think it's helped with me not having severe side effects. I feel like my body's got used to it. So I was on 2.5 for weeks and weeks and weeks. I was then sorry I must that I wasn't I wasn't at all. I was on 2.5 for the four weeks. I then titrated up to 5 milligram because I didn't know any better and did that for 4 weeks. Then I titrated up to 7.5 and was like oh that's I don't know whether that was the right decision. Um I knew a little bit more then I'd done a little bit more research. Obviously, I was doing these videos and chatting to you guys and people were sort of saying to me, "You might be titrating up a bit too early." And it's that education, isn't it? So, I then moved back down to 5 milligrams and then I was on 5 milligrams up to about 3 weeks ago. So, as it stands at the moment, I'm I'm on 7.5. And I genuinely think the fact that I haven't rushed up the doses has helped those side effects. I genuinely hope I've not offended anybody by giving my personal experience there and the reasons why I think I haven't had those side effects. But honestly, this is why I'm here to document my journey and to to let to let you know these things. And then, you know, it's it's up to you then. If you want to um if it it makes you think about your own journey if you are having severe side effects and still going up and up and up. Hopefully it'll make you think and make you speak to your health care provider or your uh pharmacist about whether it is a good idea or whether maybe if you are still losing weight on the lower doses. Maybe just stick to them a bit longer. I'm not here to give advice. I am not a health care professional. I have no qualifications in healthcare. But I'm just giving you my experience and my honest experience uh and my honest opinion on as to why I think things have gone the way they have for me. Um but to wrap this up because we've hit uh at this point nearly 22 minutes, I I just want to say that I've absolutely loved this journey. I am absolutely loving this journey. It's not over yet. And uh when I even when I get to Target, it won't be over because I don't plan on coming off the medication. um quickly or anything like that. Yes, I am going to try and come off it, but I won't be in a rush to come off it. I'll come down the doses. I'll stay on this the lower doses for as long as I feel I need to because I think our bodies have a set point. Mine is set up way up here at the moment. I want it to reset at a much lower weight and this Marjaro, these GLP1 medications are an absolute amazing tool to help me try and do that. And um but yeah, that is that is the plan. And the other thing is I just want to thank you all for coming along on this amazing journey with me. I can't thank you enough for all the support I get, all the all the lovely comments. Um I've started my other channel as well. There's only one video on there at the moment, but there will be another one coming up very, very soon, and I'm hoping to start that off. But I'm already at 99 subscribers, guys. So, thank you so so much. And for everybody that's watched my video and left a thumbs up or a comment, I can't thank you enough. Um, but as far as my weight loss channel goes, my Jimmy Gemstar channel, you're amazing. I love you all so much and I will see you tomorrow for week 26 update. If you've liked the video, guys, please give it a thumbs up. If you haven't already subscribed, please do cuz I have a massive amount of people that watch my videos that aren't subscribed. So, I would love it if you hit the subscribe. It massively helps the channel. Um, don't want to sound like I'm begging, but I am. And, uh, yeah, I will see you tomorrow, guys. Bye.

- 6 Months on Wegovy (Semaglutide): Honest Results, Side Effects & Reality: Kind: captions Language: en Six months on WGOI and it's been quite a ride. If you're looking into WGOI, semiglutide, GLP1 meds in general, this is my honest real life experience with it. So far, there's been weight loss, plateaus, side effects, and a lot of unexpected moments along the way. I want to share the ups, the downs, and what actually happened these first 6 months. I'm not making this video to convince anyone to take it or not to take it. That's something you have to figure out together with your doctor. What I can show you, it's how it's been for me living with it dayto-day while I'm still very much in the middle of my weight loss journey. I'm still figuring this out as I go. And WGO is just one part of that. I've already made dedicated videos for month 1, 2, and three. And I go a little bit deeper in that early phase. So, if you want to zoom into the beginning, especially those first few months, those videos are there. But in this video, I want to step back and look at the greater picture. What changed over these 6 months? And what surprised me once the medication stopped feeling important because somewhere around month three or four Wgoi kind of stopped feeling new and that's when things really started to change going into this. Honestly, my expectations were really really high and I don't think that's crazy. When you struggled with weight for a very long time and you hear all of these stories about GLP1s, it's kind of hard not to hope that this is finally the the thing, you know, the thing that'll help you, the thing that will finally make it happen. I was under no illusions that this will be effortless, you know, like I didn't expect it to be effortless, but I definitely expected it to do more of the work for me. like like if I didn't completely mess up then weight loss would just kind of happen. In the first 3 months, WGOI clearly was working and it did something for me. Food noise quiet down a lot. Decisions felt a lot easier to make and I wasn't constantly thinking about my next meal like the way I've been doing it my whole life. At the same time, I was moving a lot more. I was going to the gym more consistently. I was walking more, spending more time outdoors. And that level of movement acted as a buffer against imprecision on the food side. Even when my tracking wasn't perfect, the combination of reduced hunger, increased activity, and and the sheer novelty of it kept, you know, things moving in the right direction. And that's why my month three was genuinely positive. And I still stand by that because clothes were were fitting better. I feel neither in my body strength was going up quickly and the scale was trending down even if not you know dramatically fast or whatever. Now this is the part where I want to be very clear because I think this is where most people tend to get confused and I honestly got confused myself too. Waggoi didn't suddenly stop working for me. If anything it slowly became part of the background like it was just there doing its thing in a much quieter way than in the beginning. And because it wasn't so obvious anymore, I I stopped paying attention to how much structure it actually still needed. What really slowed things down wasn't necessarily the medication. It was the fact that I didn't adapt fast enough when life actually changed. Winter came, I was indoors more and my outdoor movement basically kind of started dropping off and suddenly food became the main lever instead of just being one piece of the whole puzzle. And I didn't tighten things up on that side. This actually happened before as well, but not in the same way, you know, like I I started eyeballing food more. I tracked on and off. I made the same sort of meals over and over and told myself like, "Oh, I know how the portion looks like by now." Like, I've already made this meal like several times. I know exactly how much it weighs. I know how exactly how much the portion looks and how many calories is in there. And, you know, I've weighed the thing over and over again. And I thought to myself, "Okay, I don't need to track it anymore. or I can just, you know, eyeball it. And I was wrong more often than I want to admit. And the food itself was mostly healthy, which which made it easier to sort of lie to myself because I didn't feel like I was doing anything wrong. And on top of that, I kind of stopped being strict about frequency because WGO killed my morning hunger. And I'd skip breakfast, then eat the big lunch, a big dinner, and then snack in between. Not necessarily because I was hungry, but because that was the routine for years. Those calories add up fast even when the food look itself looks clean and is like healthy. And because of all that, the scale didn't move much during this time. And instead of stopping and asking why, I told myself that, you know, slow progress is still progress. Like the non-scale wins matter more. And while that's absolutely true to a point, I kind of took it too far. I used the non-scale wins to sort of avoid assessing what the scale was clearly trying to tell me. And I mean, let's talk about actual numbers without BS and without, you know, making up excuses. So, over these past 6 months, I've lost 22 lbs, going from 458 to 436. Most of that happened in those first 3 months. And then the last 3 months were much slower to the point where week to week it sometimes looked like nothing was happening. It came to a complete stop or just to a crawl. What matters to me here is not necessarily the speed because I'm not looking to do this like super fast or whatever, but it's trajectory, right? The trajectory that was going down and most importantly for me, I didn't gain weight over the holidays. I think that this is the first year when this actually happened and and and things didn't spiral like it didn't get old. I didn't get bored and I didn't spiral and give up on the whole thing. But at the same time, you know, I'm not going to sit here and pretend that this pace was ideal because it isn't. progress slowed down to a crawl and that's on me to respond, not to ignore and I know it can go faster. I know it it it's supposed to be faster and I just kind of dropped the ball in several areas where I shouldn't have. Basically, all of January is what's finally opened up my, you know, eyes and sort of I figured out what's going on. It took me basically a month to see that, yeah, there's no movement. the the the scale is like 1 kilo up, 1 kilo down, 1 kilo up, and so on. And uh you know, instead of that trend, even small trend going down, it's flatlined. So yeah, non-skll winds while they're real, they can also be used as a crutch if you're not really honest with yourself. Because looking back, my strength more than doubled across most lifts. I went from using 10 to 15 kilo dumbbells to regularly using 20 to 25. I started doing deadlifts regularly with 100 kilos and I've even attempt started attempting pull-ups which a few months ago kind of sounded insane to me. Clothes fit better, especially winter clothes where the difference was suddenly very obvious. I didn't look like a polar bear anymore. And I and I and I overall feel much more capable moving through the world, you know, like I stairs don't scare me as much anymore. And I do believe there's been some body recomposition happening, but I also had to learn the hard way that the non-scale winds don't replace the scale. They're information, not permission to stop paying attention. That's the whole idea. Like the idea was that everything is a little bit of a piece of the puzzle, not the whole thing, but you have to look at the whole thing, not just like nitpick that one piece that you want to look at. Side effects have definitely been a part of this, especially more recently. And I know people always ask about this, so I want to be straight about it. I've had pretty intense gas and sulfur burps. Like in the beginning, in the first 3 months, they weren't that necessarily that bad. Uh, I mean, I could have easily, you know, mend them through the same tips and tricks, so to speak, but now, uh, yeah, the the burps and the bloatiness and stomach pain even, uh, it kind of increased into into frequency and mostly the last month or so. And what became obvious was that WGO doesn't really randomly punish you. It just it it sort of amplifies those bad decisions. For example, when I ate too much in one sitting, when I ate too fast, when I, you know, drank carbonated drinks or anything like that, and when I ate out of habit instead of, you know, stopping, like not leaving those three to four extra bites on the plate. Yeah, the side effects kind of kicked my ass. And every time they did, basically, my body was saying, "Yeah, that wasn't such a good idea now, was it?" And the same tips that helped me early on are kind of helping now as well. smaller portions, slower eating, avoiding carbonated drinks, and actually listening to my body when it says, you know, it's enough. And once I treated these side effects as feedback instead of something happening to me, they became a lot more manageable. One of the biggest things these past 6 months taught me is understanding what WGO actually does and what it absolutely does not do. It quieted the hunger and the food noise for me. Like food noise is completely gone. And that part is absolutely real. But it did not stop my habits. It did not stop my habitual or emotional eating and it didn't make decisions for me. I could still overeat. I could still snack. I could still ignore those signals if I was careless and didn't pay close attention. At the end of the day, it's it's a tool. It's a helping hand. It's not supposed to be the main character. And when I started relying on it to do more than it actually can, progress pretty much slowed down to a crawl. I still had to do 80 to 90% of the work myself, especially around food awareness, structure, and and and tracking. That part never went away. And looking back now, this is the cleanest way I can put it. In the first 3 months, my expectations were really high. I expected WGOI to do most of the work if I just didn't completely mess up. And this was also amplified by all the hype online, making it seem like this would be easy peasy. And in the next 3 months, my expectations basically swung too far in the other way. I told myself that as long as the arrow is still pointing down, the trend is down, I'm still losing weight, even barely, everything is fine. And I stopped checking in properly. The phrase slow and steady kind of became my new motto. And I didn't really ask myself why. Why that is? Why is it that now slow and steady is good? Why is it that, you know, it is so slow and what am I doing wrong? Or specifically, what am I not doing? And what I actually needed this whole time was regular honest reassessment. Not panic, not motivation, just stopping every few weeks and asking myself, is what I'm doing actually matching the results I'm seeing? And if this feels familiar, you're not alone. A lot of people on GLP1s are quietly dealing with the same sort of middle phase where things aren't, you know, impressive or dramatic or special anymore, but they're also not effortless. And what I can tell you about this whole experience is to basically be realistic and check in with yourself more often. And this should also be a suggestion to myself as well, to my future self as well. Where goi can help, but it won't run the show for you. It won't replace awareness or structure. And you got to look at everything together. The scale, your habits, what you're eating, how often you're eating, how much you're moving, you know, how you're sleeping. You shouldn't really focus on just one signal that makes you feel good and clouds your objectivity. And while I feel sort of disappointed, I'm also sort of thankful that it didn't went even worse. And I'm actually more confident going into the next 6 months because I know exactly what slowed me down and especially what I can't really afford to ignore anymore. And this isn't the end of anything or, you know, it's still ongoing. It's still we're moving forward. It's just a milestone that really clears things up and gives me the information and the tools that I need to make the next six months as successful as they can be. And the truth is that all of that is well within my power and reach to make it happen. So, thank you guys so much for watching. I'll see you soon. Chunk out.

- WEGOVY: What You Didn’t Know!  Endocrinologist Explains: Kind: captions Language: en hey guys this is dr ahmet hergen i'm an endocrinologist and a diabetes educator today we are talking about we go be we gobi so this is a new weight loss drug but here's a trick it's the same molecule as a diabetes drug let's talk about it now hi guys thank you for watching uh quickly i have a quiz for you in the description below so after you watch this video take the quiz answer the questions the more questions you answer correctly the higher the chance and one in three will win a chapter from my book it's going to be delivered electronically to you a real chapter from my the ultimate diabetes book so go ahead finish the video take the quiz and win okay guys so this is not an advertisement okay it's new it is uh creating a lot of noise and i'm gonna talk about it because i feel like i have to open a doctor come on all right because if you don't hear from me you're gonna hear from someone you better hear from me so that you can get the right information so what is it for it's for weight loss why there's a lot of noise because their studies are pretty damn good for when it comes to weight loss i know i know you're gonna be like a duck you know just do keto and um you know just don't eat food you'll be okay well if that was the case there will be no obesity right so preaching is to a point works and after some point you're like you know what you gotta do something okay so if medication is needed sometimes it is needed not the first choice not the last choice but you need to know your options right so it is a molecule called semiglottis so some of glutathide is the same molecule in ozempic now you probably heard of ozanpik either on tv or you're on it or somebody's on it so it's a well-known medication for diabetes and it has been the strongest pretty much medication in terms of helping diabetes and the way semoglothide works is that it is an intestinal hormone so they basically mimic that intestinal hormone that is broken down by the body very quickly so you eat and that intestinal hormones really get released and that makes the insulin in the body and then disappears because you know it is designed to take care of that food ingestion now in overweight individuals in diabetics that mechanism is broken so in a way that they're either not responsive to their hormone anymore or they're just not making enough of it so as a result you know scientists come and say okay how are we gonna you know defeat that well we can make a molecule and we can prevent that molecule that is very similar or almost the same molecule as the intestinal hormone that our body makes but instead of letting that broken down it sticks around okay so as a result you know the action of that hormone continues now one of the most important action of that hormone is that it it keeps you the sense of satiety so it makes you feel full it's there are receptors in your gastrointestinal system all over your body brain the glt-1 receptors are pretty much everywhere and in the satiety center as well so there is direct relationship you can tell between the food we are ingesting and the rest of our body and the hormones released as a result of the the food we are eating when you take the molecule like this like a semi-gluotide you basically feel like you are constantly in a fed state so you feel like you're you don't need to eat isn't that great i mean it's great well we're gonna talk about side effects right so you're gonna be like it cannot be that great right there are of course downsides to it and we'll come to that now the reason that they changed the name not trying they're not trying to do a marketing trick or anything like that what they the reason they change the name is because it is a different molecule and is studied differently it is not studied in diabetic population it is studied in normal population actually and one of the difficult populations that we deal with every day is like the 45 50 year old middle-aged women trying to transition to menopause and their metabolism just boom hits the wall and they are like so desperate i feel so bad for him every day in my clinic i'm like i don't know what to tell you it's just that's the way it is you know like i can't i can't just tell you just stop eating the rest of your life now the thing is with this they increase the dose but what happens in a lot of medications you start a medication and people get used to it right and then if the maximum dose indicated in the label you cannot go any higher than that and you don't know if it is safe or not to go higher than that then you don't go highest you know higher those are so so with these what they did they did safety studies on thousands and thousands of people to make sure that even over a year the weight loss happened the weight loss was maintained and people tolerated in a safe manner so 80 to 90 of people i think 85 percent of people were able to complete this huge humongous very long study and they had of course double blind you know some people had placebos some people did not have plastic some people did have the real real thing and they wanted to see how much these people are losing weight and they even at some point stopped people from using this and they switched them over and to see what happens right so with we gooey people lost a lot of weight so around 15 percent of their body weight so 15 is a huge number to me and not just losing it and maintaining it now you're gonna be like doc you know how do you maintain do you have to stay on this medication forever well in a way unless you in time you decided that you don't want that the bad habits that you used to have that you used to crave those ice cream you used to crave those candies and you don't crave it anymore because you're on this drug uh and we're gonna do an unboxing in a second i'm just not holding this i'm gonna show you the real thing but the the bottom line is you will need to either stop those habits the bad habits that you used to have or stick to the drug you know i never say anybody that you have to stay on this forever but you can't stop it and if you can go without it and you can maintain the weight loss be my guest is forcing you to stay on any medication at all right so use medications as a supplementary right so same thing with herbal preparation same thing with anything you use extra to help your appetite your diabetes whatever so let's open this up let's see what is in there so i sneaked this out uh well not not me the the wrap so nobody has samples yet i don't have a sample in my office yet but i told the drug rapper i said look you know my my viewers are gonna be like wandering about this they're gonna eventually hear it on tv and all that and they're gonna be like doc what what about this here's the deal that is the box it comes in the four pin now what is the difference the difference from ozempic that it is not a multi-use pin they made this super easy and i'm gonna actually try to show you over here maybe i can put it right there now what they did is this is a single use pen 0.25 milligram is the starting dose and it goes all the way up to 2.4 and you increase the dose once a month and the reason for that is the side effects which we'll talk about in a second so you basically i don't even know how to use this pen by the way you know just to be honest oh there you go you just removed the cap you know common sense and then i think oh there's a needle there don't look don't look but they they hit it pretty well but if you really look and don't get too close to your eye but it's there anyways um i think it's smaller than to listen to the needle anyways this is listed until it's humongous all right so i'm going to push this just like that this is your skin let's say this is your belly and then you go you don't actually push here you basically push the whole thing against yourself against your body bam and then you hold it and it delivers the you see you can see the the liquid is going in and i think oh yeah i can see it's all wet here all right so and you can see it's yellow after it's complete you can see that it's all delivered and you're pretty much done and now what happens now you got the injection now you're like what did i do what's gonna happen am i gonna die no i don't think so i think you will be just fine now what's gonna happen is you will have probably some nausea especially within the first 48 hours okay now some people they're gonna be like uh nothing happened to me again everybody is different right so you can be big you can be small you can be a high metabolizer low metabolizer some people may have severe side effects that is pretty much a minority i would say you know people who are like vomiting and stuff is probably in my experience with semogula type which is the ozone the other drug with that dose in my experience is like maybe three percent or so you know i don't even remember the last time somebody vomited on these very elderly individuals are more susceptible you know people are on multiple drugs some people are on like 20 30 drugs and that's like a 31st drug you know that may be a problem right but overall it's pretty well tolerated and the good thing is the nausea tends to go away now what other side effects well cigars are intestinal hormone right it's like a new guy in the block you know you already have some gastrointestinal hormone and this guy is coming to your body and saying what to do so that's not welcomed always by your body and you end up getting some maybe diarrhea abdominal pain can happen but people tolerate this pretty well and the reason is they lose damn weight so when people lose weight they can take anything so but the thing is they also you know that tends to go away let's say you have a little abdominal pain you go for the second shot third shot by the fourth shot most of the time the the side effects go away unless they are super severe if you have this really severe side effects i wouldn't increase the dose i would stick to the same dose and maybe stay on the lower dose until the the side effects go away but definitely they tend to go away now what other side effects now uh occasionally people report headaches uh people sometimes report fatigue and people report all sorts of things uh but not common stuff you know people they may say oh i hallucinated i highly doubt that it is from this medication because it's not really reported but i don't tell people that you're lying or anything i'm not okay well if you think that causes hallucination then it's causes hallucination what can i say but but in real studies with the placebo-controlled studies you know i can tell you that the nausea abdominal pain diarrhea sometimes or constipation headaches fatigue are most common now who should not be using this drug at all well there's something called methylary thyroid cancer and and the pancreatic cancer now pancreatic cancer is kind of uncommon and medullary tyro cancer is even more uncommon now don't confuse the medullary tyro cancer with the regular thyroid cancer because regular tyro cancer is everywhere so medullary thyroid cancer is a unique type of cancer very rarely seen it's like a one in a million kind of situation but if you have a family history of it you know maybe you should stay away from this because the animal show that the rat studies uh that the cancer medullary thyroid cancer risk may go high or pancreatic cancer risk can go high so if you have pancreatic cancer in your family or medical retirement cancer definitely stay away from that but if you don't have any history your risk increase is going to be dismal i would say now the other thing is pancreatitis so if you had pancreatitis in the past especially if you don't know the origin why you had pancreatitis there are a few more cages out of a few thousand patients with pancreatitis pancreas inflammation which is presenting with severe abdominal pain and it can radiate to the back it can end up with vomiting and abdominal pain together so if you have those symptoms go to er but as i said you know this is something again very rare i don't even remember again last time i had a pancreatitis with ozempic but i hear that sometimes you know people start on you know semiglottite uh or other glp1 agents and end up with pancreatitis rarely that that's not unheard of retinopathy is another one that's reported so if you have an active eye disease like let's say you have bleeding in your eye because of diabetes the retina blood vessels have some glp1 and blood sugar changes also can induce there is a slight increase in progressive retinopathy not that if you if you have mild retinopathy or no retinopathy like eye disease diabetic eye disease it wouldn't cause problems according to studies but if you have progressive retinopathy bleeding already in your eye and stuff like that then it may make it a little bit worse potentially not for sure but potentially can make it a little bit more worse so these are the side effects guys but definitely the the weight loss is so far the best in the market and if you want to try what you have to do is you need to talk to your doctor if you have a private insurance not a medicare or medicaid in the united states i'm talking about you can talk to your doctor to order that for you it goes to a special pharmacy it is i don't know the deal because the the way the the company operates as they talk they told us that it has to go to a special pharmacy because sometimes using those coupons are like you know pulling teeth uh and the pharmacies are sometimes confused what to do so they try to centralize uh that so you know only a few pharmacies in your neighborhood may be doing that so your physician will probably know where to send it but in any ways guys uh this is by no means to promote this drug um the best weight loss is to work with your diet and exercise if you have a diabetes coach these are the best ways if you have a weight loss coach do it yourself as the best option but if your efforts of do it yourself have failed you tried also diets and you're not going anywhere sometimes you gotta pull the trigger and do something about it because it's your health instead of just staying overweight and unhealthy you have to do something about it so guys make sure you do the quiz below to show to prove that you have learned something and to win my chapter from my diabetes book and maybe potentially the entire book if you win enough times see you next time give a thumbs up like and share all right thank you for watching and i want you to be more informed and more educated so to do that go ahead and watch this next video right here

- Wegovy Month 1 at 458 lbs: Results and Side Effects: Kind: captions Language: en If you're wondering what month one on WGO or GLP1 actually feels like, here's my honest version. I started heavy at 458 lbs. In my first week, my brain got quieter around food. By the end of the month, I was actually leaving food on the plate. I'll tell you what changed, what did not, what side effects I actually felt, and the simple habits that made it work. This is my experience with my doctor in Sweden, not medical advice. Cool. Cool. Before the numbers, let me tell you why I wanted to start at all. I actually got the green light to go much earlier, but I wanted to wait a month on purpose. I wanted my habits to feel solid first. You know, walks most days, two uh gym sessions a week, uh always eating protein first, fewer late snacks. I didn't want to lean on the pen on WGOI to do the work for me. I see WGOI as a tool, not the driver. GLP1 is is is an assist to me. Uh the habits are the engine. Once I felt steady with the routine, I got started. That way, the medicine could help me stick to what I was already doing, not replace it. With that foundation in place, here's how I actually ran month one. So, it all started with a doctor's visit. We we had labs done, blood work done. We we did the planning, and we chose to begin at 1 milligram for month one. Once a week, same day, same time. uh in the morning 9:00 a.m. Quick belly shot, few fingers away from the navl. Uh, you know, and the first time it felt kind of weird. After that, it was like just like brushing my teeth, you know. Reminder goes off, pen clicks, done. And then week one began. And the first change actually surprised me. What changed first wasn't the scale. It was actually the volume knob in my head. Week one, that constant open the fridge voice dropped way down. I could actually think before I ate. fullness didn't really show up yet. I was still finishing meals, but that mental quiet was a big deal. It felt like having room to to make a choice instead of just reacting. And food-wise, I kept mornings light. Sometimes a protein bar along with my mandatory black coffee. Uh but lunch was actually my first proper meal. Dinner around 6 if if possible, if I can, but that's kind of the cut off. I aim for about 2,000 calories per day with 180 to 200 gram of protein because protein makes everything easier and makes you feel fuller. And week one was mostly me noticing that quiet. Still hungry at normal times, just not pulled into random snacking. I could I could walk past the the snack cupboard and not turn it into a negotiation. And that was new. Like energy was pretty normal. Well, hard to say anything dramatic when I'm also walking and lifting. Training tired is different than medicine tired, if that makes sense. So, I I didn't really overthink it. And week two kept the same vibe. Food noise stayed low. I stuck to my plan easier. Still finishing plates, though. Um, if you're waiting for that big I don't know, I felt full after eating three bites moment. Uh, that was that. Yeah, that hadn't arrived yet. uh some afternoons uh you know I felt a little flat but given the the amount of steps I was doing every day and the gym that was to be expected and no side effects yet just me and my routine and late in week three hello to the thing everyone warns you about these sulfur burps and some gas mostly in the evenings it's not glamorous you know not at all but also not the end of the world from what I understand digestion slows down, food hangs out a little bit longer in your stomach and things can get, let's say, talkative, you know, it gets more fermentation done there or whatnot. Uh, and yeah, it kind of smells like a hard-boiled egg called tech support or something. The fix for me was was actually pretty simple. You know, smaller portions, avoiding eating uh close to bedtime, and a little bit of activity uh after dinner if possible. uh literally just walk it off, you know, and also eating slower I think a little bit helped as well, you know, calm things down. But other than that, no nausea, no dizziness, no constipation, nothing nothing apart from, you know, just burps and some gas that I could manage with those simple tweaks. So, if you're worried about this part, try that combo first. And then week four showed up when I actually had my real proof moment. Fullness finally started to show up. It it wasn't still at, you know, full level, but yeah, it it was there. I made I made this like giant bowl of chili with beans and vegetables, you know, the kind the kind of bowl that I would normally demolish. Uh I hit the halfway mark and my stomach said, you know, you know what? We're done here. It's done. And I was actually fine with that. I put the spoon down. I packed the rest. You know, I put it into a nice container in the fridge uh for the next day. And that was new. That was the moment when I thought okay this is actually working. So if I zoom out here's what actually changed and in what order for me it it split like this. The brain quieted first. It made decisions a little bit easier. The stomach kind of caught up later. That made stopping easier. You know the cravings still happen. They're still there. They're just a little bit more quiet. When they pop up, I grab a piece of fruit or a protein bar, drink some water, and then just move on. The craving is like background noise now. It's not the lead singer anymore. It's not like the radio is fully turned on, you know? And because everyone asks, here's the numbers without the hype. 1 month in and I'm down 4 kilos. Call it 9 lbs. I'm not giving the pen all the credit here because I am doing 75 soft and I walk almost every single day. I hit the gym at least once or twice a week and I keep food around 2,000 calories with 180 to 200 g of protein. So, I'm in a clear calorie deficit. But think team effort here. The the the medicine took the edge off the noise so I could focus on the habits. The habits are what actually moved the needle, not, you know, WGOi or GLP1 here. And since this is real life, of course, there were some wobbles as well. So on heavier gym days, I felt hungrier at at night in the evening. Uh sometimes I ate a bigger portion for dinner than planned. But the win is that I didn't turn that into a free-for-all. I kept the next meal boring and normal. It was all about progress, not perfection. And because we're doing this responsibly, here's a quick word on the medical side. Before starting, my my doctor checked the weight, the blood pressure, and we did all kinds of blood work. We talked about goals. We set a plan. Uh but please do not copy mine. This is please don't take dosing advice from the internet. Get examined, get your own plan, and then if it makes sense, if it's all good, you can get going. And if you're in Sweden or just curious about logistics, here's what they look like for me. I got the prescription through the regular doctor. And the pharmacy took about a week, a week and a half to to to get it fulfilled. Uh I paid full price. no reimbursement. There's no reimbursement plan for for this. And for me, it was about roughly $250 for per per week, per pen. Uh, and of course, your timing and costs may be different, but I'm sharing this with you so you can plan, not to scare you or to to, you know, uh, push you away from this. This is what it all boils down to. Don't expect fireworks in the first week or in the first month for that matter. Expect the mental noise, the food noise to drop. That is the main win in the first month. And be patient with with fullness. For me, it landed late in the month. Um, and you need to keep your habits steady. You need to walk anyway, go to the gym anyway. You know, if you have that setup, uh, eat protein first. And when I say eat protein first, I mean like focus on the amount of protein you're getting in. And of course, coupled with vegetables and having a balanced diet. If those weird burps show up, you know, shrink the dinner and maybe take a short walk or get some light activity in, it will most likely calm it down. And with that mindset, here's exactly how I'm tackling month two. I've already stepped up to 1.7 millig with my doctor, and I can honestly feel a difference. I'm keeping meals consistent, and I'm meal prepping exact portions. So, my metric is very simple. If I cannot finish most of the prepared portions, that tells me that it's working and the same basics as before, you know, two gym sessions a week, step target achieved every day, nice and steady, you know, that's that's basically the plan going forward. So, yeah, month one was quieter than I expected, but then it clicked. Less arguing with the fridge, more stopping at, you know, enough. And if you're on your own journey, I hope this helps you feel less spooked and more practical. Work with a professional, use the tool, do the habits, and if you want the real-time version, not just an after photo, stick around. I'll keep sharing the wins and the wobbles as they happen. See you guys in the next one. Chunk out. [Music]

- Wegovy Month 2 Update – Side Effects, Results & What Surprised Me: Kind: captions Language: en So, we made it to month two. I moved my WGO dose from 1 millig to 1.7. And that small jump changed more than I expected. Hunger dropped off, portions shrank, and my mornings got so quiet that I kept forgetting to eat until lunch. There were side effects, but I'll tell you exactly how I handled them. Here's what actually changed, what didn't, and the one thing that actually told me that this is finally kicking in. The first week on 1.7 really didn't feel like nothing. The food noise didn't disappear completely, but it dropped way down, like almost zero, and it's still there somewhere in the background, but now it's just whispers instead of yelling. And most mornings, I just get up, have my coffee, get busy with work, and suddenly it's noon. Then I realized like, oh, food still exists. I still need to eat. And and the funny thing is that this wasn't forced. This wasn't a forced thing. I wasn't trying to skip breakfast or do some weird hardcore fasting thing. It was just it happened. naturally. And that's where I started thinking, okay, maybe this toast actually works. And you know, it felt kind of nice, not being controlled by the fridge anymore. And honestly, that alone makes the burps worth it. Once the second week rolled in, my appetite started to shift completely, but not in a dramatic way that people make it sound. You know those stories you read where someone says that they just take two spoonfuls and then they're full for the rest of the day? Yeah, that's that's not me. Not yet, anyway. I still get hungry. I can still overeat if I'm not paying attention. The difference is that it's easier to notice when I'm getting full. It's easier to stop if I'm being mindful. It's like the delay between eating and realizing that I've had enough finally caught up a little. And that change alone makes meals calmer. You know, I don't rush. I don't graze as much. And I don't finish a plate just because, you know, it's there. It is progress. It is going forward, but you know, it's not magic. and breakfast kind of disappeared on its own. And most mornings is just coffee, you know, maybe a protein bar if I'm going to the gym that day, but mostly I just eat around noon. And and again, not because I'm trying to skip meals, but because I just don't feel hungry in the morning anymore. However, evenings are where I still need to be a little bit careful. If I eat too big of a meal too late, especially one that's high in protein, uh the burps and the gas get noticeably worse. So, now I try to eat dinner around 6:00. You know, if I go to bed around, I don't know, 10, 11 p.m., I try to eat around 6:00 and and as much as possible, try to keep the portion smaller and always include vegetables to try to balance things out. And carbonation is basically banned after sunset because the combo of gas and heartburn, yeah, once was enough for me to learn that lesson. One thing I learned about WGOI is that the side effects have their own rhythm. They're not they're not constant. They come and go depending on how you eat or move or how you sleep. And that was kind of new to me because online it sounds like you either have horrible nausea forever or you don't feel nothing at all. You know, there was no in between because for me it's somewhere in the middle. Some weeks are completely fine and then out of nowhere the burps start reminding me who's boss. And the trick has been learning what actually triggers them and adjusting instead of just overreacting. And like I said, late dinners and heavy protein meals make them much worse. So now I plan those meals earlier in the day or I try to make them more balanced. Add vegetables, you know, a smaller protein load in the evening. Uh give my stomach a break a little bit. And carbonated drinks are actually the enemy when it comes to this. It's not about the calories because, you know, you can get zerocalorie drinks out there. It's the combination of gas and and slow digestion. If you're having those too close to bedtime, you're basically hosting a symphony with heartburn being the opening act. And the weird part is that when everything's calm, you know, there's no burps, there's no fatigue or anything like absolutely no side effects whatsoever, I start second guessing if the medicine is even working. And then the next morning when I when I wake up and and go about my day, I realize that I'm still not hungry. you know, I'm still full from last night's dinner, last evening's dinner. And that quiet sort of resets me and it's like, okay, oh yeah, okay, this still works. It's fine. It's fine. And, you know, none of this is dramatic. It's just real life on a higher dose. You know, you have to do a little bit of trial and error. You have to do a few adjustments here and there. And then, you know, it just becomes natural. It becomes normal. And once you find that rhythm, you know, it's surprisingly easy to live with. And by the end of month two, you know, the difference was clear. It's not just on paper, you know, but in in how I move, you know. The scale right now says 445. So that's about 12 or 13 lbs down from where I started. You know, a little bit slower than month one, but that's because I can feel the weight showing up somewhere else, which is the muscles. You know, the gym lifts are smoother, the form is a little bit clear, the form is a little bit cleaner, and I'm handling more weight than before. You know, it's obvious that I've almost doubled my strength in the gym. And the clothes tell a much better story than the numbers. I've gone from 7 XL to a 6XL. So, I'm basically one full X down, but that's of course European sizes. And and everything just feels looser. It fits better. You know, my belly doesn't feel as round anymore. It doesn't look as round anymore. It's starting to flatten out a little bit. And even in my face, I don't know. It looks a little bit different. You know, it's like a little bit smaller, lighter somehow. I don't know. I'm I'm of course too close to to my face to see it, but that's just how it feels to be honest. And it's it's slower progress of course, but it is visible. I do see it. You know, you catch it in a mirror one morning and you think, um, well, that's different. And that's the kind of progress I actually trust now. And you know, it's something about actually seeing it starting to work that absolutely kind of changes and shifts the way you think about it because month one felt more like an experiment, you know, but month two now feels like there's actually proof there. It gives me the confidence that in this mix, you know, the medicine, the habits, and the patience is actually working and putting out pretty good results. Cuz it's not about leaning on the pen. It's about using it to make consistency much easier. And that's the mindset shift I didn't really expect because the tool isn't doing the work for me and I never expected it to do that and I don't want it to do that. It just is just turning down the noise so that I can finally do that work myself. And now I just started month three uh moving up to the full dose to the full 2.4. And based on how month one and two went, I'm expecting the real shift to to show up later in uh later in the month around week three or four maybe. you know, that's when it's usually starting to settle in because the plan itself is not changing much. Two gym sessions a week, daily walks, around 2,000 calories in most days, and you know, the same focus on balance. You know, protein, fiber, and food that actually keeps me full. And meal prep is is getting a little bit easier, but I still have to adjust for eating like just two meals now. You know, like two meals a day means I can't just reuse the same portions. They got to be more balanced so I don't end up actually undereing right now, which is a weird thing to say, but you know, you kind of want to do that, but yeah, that's not good either. And you know, month two showed me what it feels like when it starts to work. And month three, I believe it's going to be about finding out how far I can keep that consistency going. And if you're on your own second or third month, know that this is a process. You you don't always notice the change when it's happening, you know, but it's building underneath. So, don't get don't get too anxious or too scared that you're not seeing results. They're they're it's going to take a little bit of time for it to actually kick in. So, yeah, that was my month two ponaggoi. Now, slower weight loss than month one, but a lot more steadier. The hunger's quieter. The side effects, I don't know, make more sense now. And the routine feels a little bit more solid. And the biggest difference that happened was that I'm not guessing anymore. I know exactly what to expect. And that takes a lot of the pressure off. Next up is the full dose. you know, the 2.4. And I'll share how that goes once I've been on it for a few weeks. And if you're following along, I honestly hope that this gives you a clearer idea of what the second month actually feels like. Not like a highlight real version or just expectations or whatever you find online. Just like a real, you know, honest version of what a real honest guy actually had to deal with. So, thank you so much for being here and for all your support in the comments. I really appreciate every single one of you guys and I'll see you in the next one. Chong out.

- Doctors explain how Wegovy and Ozempic work | 60 Minutes: Kind: captions Language: en 60 Minutes over time biggest misconception about obesity the biggest misconception about weight and obesity is that somehow your weight is under your control obesity is a disease of the pathways that regulate your energy balance Dr Caroline opovian who specializes in weight management at Brigham and Women's Hospital in Boston explained how the anti-obesity medication would Govi and the diabetes drug ozempic work these new medications that have come out what do they actually do in the body these new medications are analogs of naturally occurring hormones that your body makes when the food goes through your intestines those cells in the intestine makes these hormones and the hormones go to the brain and say you're full that's what we're putting in a pen and we're just giving patients a little more of that fullness hormone so the new medication is saying all right you've eaten enough you've eaten enough and it does so when you've eaten less food that's what it's supposed to do are those the medications it's just like an EpiPen let's say for a month you open one you take it oh in your stomach in your stomach you take it go like that press that's it that's it so side effects of these medications how severe how serious how long lasting very rare side effects of pancreatitis but otherwise it's really GI side effects nausea vomiting constipation diarrhea very minimally treated with low doses but if you have nausea at the low level right does that mean you can't take the medication it doesn't your body has to get used to the drugs and you can stay on the low level for as long as it takes to relieve the nausea and only then do you go up to a higher dose yeah but it does go away it does go away the nausea does go away only in rare cases is the nausea so bad that you can't take the drug that's why these drugs are dosed slowly and starting with low doses build up and build up so for example ozempic if for diabetes will Govi for obesity we start at 0.25 a week and then after a month of weekly 0.25 you go up the next month to 0.5 if you have no nausea or your the nausea is minimal then the next month you go up to 1.0 and then uh 1.7 and then 2.4 which is the highest that's the high and at 2.4 that's where the average weight loss in in the studies was 15 to 17 percent and then one third of those patients over 20 weight loss

- Oral Wegovy?! This “Pill Version” Could Change Everything | Dr. Dan | Obesity Expert: Kind: captions Language: en What if I told you the crappy cousin of ompic ribbelis, the pill version that worked but kind of didn't work, just got a major glow up? Meet oral waggoi. Same medication, simaglletide, but it has a brand new look. And the results, well, it's given the injectable Waggoi a major run for its money. So stick around because I'm breaking down the surprising results from the Oasis 4 trial. We're going into the real pros and cons of swallowing your wagui instead of stabbing it and why despite the hype, it is still not a magic shortcut. Oh, and before we dive in, don't forget to smash that subscribe button to keep getting the no fluff, no BS, just sciencebacked content that makes sense. Do you feel like you're doing everything right, but still not getting results? You don't need another diet. What you need is clarity. Book a 25-minute one-on-one consult with me where we will cut through the confusion, unpack what is holding you back, and build a sciencebacked plan tailored for you. Whether you're just starting out or you're at a plateau, this is your next step forward. Spots are limited, so hit the link below and book now. Let's get you unstuck. So, here's the deal. Oral simaglletide, the pill version of a/mpic, has been around for a while under the name ribbelis. and we've been primarily using it to treat type 2 diabetes, but overall it was kind of disappointing. Like, yeah, it could help with your blood sugars and yeah, it might help a little bit with weight, but it wasn't anywhere near what we saw with WGOI and certainly not what we're seeing with Zepbound. And that's because the max dose is 14 milligs per day, which on a good day works out to be about 1 mg of WGOI once weekly. And the results, well, they really weren't all that game-changing. Now, you might be thinking, well, how can that possibly be? A 14 mig pill versus a 1 mgram injection. How is the pill not mindblowingly more effective? Well, you see, there's a major catch. Simaglletide, the actual molecule itself, is really, really big. And even with some fancy pharmaceutical wizardry, only a small little slice of that 14 milligs actually makes it into your body when you take the ribbus pill. And even then, it's not a stable process for that molecule to get absorbed from your GI tract. Food, drinks, all of those sorts of things have to be taken into account and timed properly or you're not going to absorb any of the medication. And that's why the rules with it are so strict. You got to take it first thing in the morning, completely fasted, 30 minutes before any food, medication, or what have you, and with no more than one cup of water. But now the Oasis 4 trial came out and they tested a 25 mgram dose of this amaglatide tablet. And the results, well, they're pretty darn eye opening. People who followed the routine of taking the pill every single day without missing a dose lost about 16.6% of their baseline weight over the trial period, compared to the placebo group who only lost 2.7% of their baseline weight. Now, to make that more real for you, if you start at say 230 lb, that's about 38 lbs gone after you get to the end of the trial by taking the 25 mg tablet compared to only losing about 6 lb if you were in the placebo group. And when we break things down by weight loss category, such as number of people that lost 5% from baseline, 10% from baseline, and so on, we get some pretty wild results. As you can see here, over 70% of people lost 10% of their baseline weight. More than half the people in the trial lost greater than 15%. And about a third of people actually went on to lose 20% of their baseline weight. So that's not meh ribbelis. That's like wo wovi. But again, there's a catch because there's always a catch. If you remember, I talked about those strict rules. Well, to get results like this, you got to take that tablet every single morning. Again, 30 minutes before any food, any drink, any other medications and with no more than one cup of water. If you mess that step up, well, barely any of the drug actually gets absorbed. That's kind of like trying to water your plants, but not actually turning on the hose. Now, of course, there was side effects, and I would be remiss if I didn't mention them, but they were the pretty standard ones that we always see. And good news, nobody died. But the usual suspects were nausea, constipation, vomiting, and diarrhea, as well as some heartburn, and a whole lot of burpin that people got. In fact, about 74% of the participants had some kind of GI side effect by taking the tablet. And anecdotally, in practice, I've also found that ribbelis really doesn't play nice for some people. Some of my patients have told me that just sitting through that 30 minutes with no food and just letting the drug sit and do its thing, well, that can lead to some major GI upset for them. Now, let's change gears a little bit here and let's ask the question, who is this drug actually going to be for? Well, first and foremost, if needles are your sworn enemy and the thought of doing a once weekly WGO injection makes you want to faint, well, this could be your game changer in the weight management space. Secondly, if you're somebody that thrives on routine, this whole built-in taking a tablet every single day could serve as a perfect reminder that, hey, I'm doing something about my health. I'm trying to improve who I am. And this tablet is a daily reminder of that and is my first step to get the day going. It's like brushing your teeth. It keeps you checked in, gives you a daily rhythm, and keeps you going on the journey that you want to go. But on the flip side of things, if you're someone that struggles to take a multivitamin every day, well, there might be a little bit of a challenge with this strict rule of taking a tablet once a day. Now, thirdly, some people are suggesting that the tablet would be great for maintenance. Maybe because the pill feels less intense than an injection once a week, or maybe because it's easier to keep it in the cupboard versus the fridge. Honestly, I'm not really totally convinced, but if it floats your boat, that's totally okay. And if that's what you want to do when you reach your maintenance weight, well, it certainly could be an option, even though the data from this trial shows that it is as effective as the injections. So, it's definitely not like a weaker option, per se. Personally, a once weekly injection sounds way simpler to me, but whatever gets the amaglletide into your system, that's all that really we're looking for. Now, for those of you that are already on Ryelis and you're taking that 14 milligram tab daily, you might be thinking, "Hey, can I do a DIY upgrade and just take two tablets once a day? That would be doubling my dose and that would get me pretty close, maybe just above that 25 millig." And I'm going to say, "Well, please don't." And that's because taking two tablets at once can cancel out the whole absorption delivery technology that the pharmaceutical company has put in place. So, all you'd be doing is just wasting your time and likely wasting your money. As a quick aside, are you struggling to lose weight and you're not sure why? The thing is, you can't fix what you don't know is broken. And calorie tracking is still one of the most effective methods to figure out what is really going on. Now, I have tried every single tracker that is out there. Free, paid, clunky, glitchy, and MacAractor blows them all away. It is way smarter than My Fitness Pal. It allows for faster logging with a verified food database. It also has AI powered calorie targets that can adjust based on your metabolism, as well as providing you with weekly updates like a real nutrition coach. There's no red numbers, there's no guilt, there's just science and progress. And the best part, you can try it entirely for free for 14 days by using my code small tweaks. So, hit the link down below or download the MacroFactor app and enter my code small tweaks and you can try this app out for 14 days entirely for free. And finally, take the guesswork out of fat loss. You'll be amazed at how easy this feels when an app actually works with your body, not against it. Now, if you've been with me for a while, you know that we covered the Oasis 1 trial a number of months ago. And actually in that trial, they tested a 50 mgram oral simaglletide dose. But here's the beauty of this new trial is that the 25 mgram tablet they tested in the Oasis 4 trial, it had pretty comparable results to that 50 mg tablet they tested in the Oasis 1 trial, but with far fewer side effects and far fewer emergency trips to the bathroom. And honestly, who's not going to take that trade? It's really the Goldilocks option. Not too much, not too little, just right. Think of it like ordering medium salsa Chipotle. The hot will scorch your taste buds and create a ring of fire around your weekend plans, if you know what I mean. The mild is basically like ketchup, but the medium, well, that's the one that you can enjoy every day without regretting your life choices. Now, I want to hear from you. Would you rather take a pill every single morning or do you want to do the once weekly injection? Drop your answer in the comments down below. I'm very curious to hear which camp you belong to. And hey, if you had tried ribbelis before, found it didn't really work for you, now that there's possibly a new higher dose tablet coming out, would you give it another shot? Again, let me know down below. So, let's bring this one into land. Oral Boi, it works. It's effective. And it's definitely going to be another tool in our toolbox. And yes, it's not perfect. It requires strict timing and it does have side effects. And it's also not FDA approved yet. But for the right person, it could definitely be a gamecher. And especially if the weekly needles have been the deal breaker for you, this could be the thing that helps you to get started. And remember, whether it's a pill, injection, or just building better habits, it's about finding a plan and a process that is going to work for you and is sustainable long term. All right, that is it. And that is all you beautiful people. I know you love this video, so you should definitely like, share, and send it along to anybody that you think is going to get some benefit out of it. As well, don't forget to hit that subscribe button and turn on those notifications so you can stay up to date on all of the content that I create. And of course, check out Dr. Dan's empowerment hub. This is your go-to sciencebacked resource and community of people that simply get it. You can sign up. You can get the support you need on your weight management journey as well as the knowledge that is going to help you to keep working along and being successful. Check out the links down below or download the Mighty Networks app and search up Dr. Dan's Empowerment Hub. Also, check me out on my other channels at the official Dr. Dan and check out all my links and all the products and things that I recommend down below in the description. They will help you along your weight loss journey in managing side effects and also changing your mindset. And as I always sign off, please remember, stay kind to yourself and that it is the small tweaks that lead to the massive peaks.

- Should you choose Wegovy? Heart Health and Obesity | Dr. Dan | Obesity Expert: Kind: captions Language: en what we know is that if you have obesity or overweight and that's like your only medical condition we know that can put you at an increased risk of heart disease so it puts you at an increased risk of having things like a heart attack a stroke or potentially dying because of a heart attack or stroke so it should seem simple enough that if excess weight equals increased risk of heart disease then decreasing that excess weight should equal a decrease in risk of heart disease now I did technically fail first year calculus so math is definitely not my strong suit but that seems to add up to me however when we look at the data around treating obesity with either medications or lifestyle well the data really is not that thrilling in fact a few medications in particular Meridia and Belle were actually shown to be quite harmful to the heart and have since been removed from the market so we don't got the Great greatest track record with medications or at least past obesity medications and when we look at the lifestyle perspective an individual has to lose greater than 10% of their Baseline weight with lifestyle changes before we start seeing some benefits on the cardiovascular risk reduction side of things and unfortunately with lifestyle alone losing greater than 10% even greater than 5% of your Baseline weight is a really hard hard effing thing to do but the glp1 medications like OIC and wovi are new and improved and they don't have the similar risks that those old medications do and in fact people that are much smarter than me have done a whole pile of lab experiments and have actually found that the glp based one medications seem to have some effects on the cardiovascular system that are actually quite beneficial and this is outside of just their effect effect in helping us to manage our blood sugars and manage our weight so what the glp1 medications seem to do is they help to reduce inflammation in the body they help to stabilize those annoying little plaques that are all within Our arteries that if they burst open well that's when we get a heart attack or a stroke and so they do different things like that and seem to provide a benefit that is outside of the normal blood sugar and weight management aspect and in fact we actually have some very very well done human trials that looked at drugs like OIC and showed that they could reduce the risk of things like heart attack strokes and death due to those things but that data was all in individuals that had diabetes so the question becomes well if I don't have diabetes but I still have obesity am I still going to get a benefit from these medications from that cardiovascular heart disease perspective well the good news is is that that linov and Friends decided to do the select trial which was published in the New England Journal of Medicine back in December which try to answer that exact question can this drug W GOI AKA OIC AKA setite at a dose of 2.4 milligram once per week can it provide a benefit from heart disease for individuals that don't have diabetes but they have obesity now if you're getting some value out of my content don't forget to hit that subscribe button down below and please like and share my video spread the word get all of your friends on board so that they can come and get all this wonderful information and of course you can all help me feel real great about my self-esteem as I see my subscriber numbers go up also don't forget to sign up for my YouTube membership page the OG members that sign up what you're going to get is you're going to get an exclusive live at the end of every single month with myself where you can have that access to me and ask your questions about your weight management journey and I'll be answering them live the last Wednesday of every single month plus your support also helps me cuz I do all of this video content Creation in my spare time so thank you thank you thank you to everyone that already has and is signing up so what did Lin coff and Friends actually do in the select trial well they took a large group of people 17,600 individuals in fact and they split them into two groups one group got wovi that was increased to a dose of 2.4 mg once per week and the other group got a placebo they Then followed these individuals while they were taking wovi or a placebo for a period of 40 months or 3.3 years for those of you that don't like the extra math homework and at the end of that period of time the authors then added up how many people in each group had things like a heart attack a stroke or had died died because of a heart attack or stroke they then compared the results of the two groups to find out if wovi did indeed have a benefit or not now an important note that I want to share with you here is that the authors of this trial did not provide any kind of dietary advice or physical activity advice basically people were just given either the drug or a placebo and sent on their way and left to their own means as to how they would go about either losing weight or whatever the purpose of this was to allow for us to really know what affect just the drug itself not the drug with other Lifestyle Changes had on individual's risk of heart disease now before I dive into the results here I want to tell you about the people that partook in this study the reason this is important is because it allows us to know how applicable the data from this trial is to you as an individual so if you are similar to The individuals that partook in this study well then the result results of this trial might have more of a benefit or more applicability to you so to give you the breakdown the average age was about 62 years old a majority were male with about one quarter being female the average BMI was approximately 33 nobody had diabetes but 2third of individuals did have pre-diabetes being defined as an A1C greater than 5.7% as well the people in this trial already had heart disease so they had already had a prior heart attack a prior stroke or they had Peripheral arterial disease so does this sound like you maybe it does maybe it doesn't either way keep on listening it's time for the results and the main result that the authors were looking at was a combination or basically they added up how many people had a heart attack how many people had a stroke and how many people died from a heart attack or a stroke they added all these people up and what we call this is a composite outcome because it's adding a whole bunch of things together to see basically do we get a result in this compiling of people and as you can see here in this graph we have in the yellow here is the wovi that's going up and in the gray we have what was happening in the placebo group obviously the wovi group is below that Gray Line the placebo group and I'm just going to hop onto my little soap box here and say that I'm not a huge fan of composite outcomes because it's kind of like hedging your bets to try and guarantee a result or at least increase your chances of seeing some kind of positive result by adding together a whole bunch of small things that might not actually be all that positive to try and ultimately get to the result in publishable data that you want some people may disagree with me and that's fine that's just my little soap box and little interjection there for you so I'll report the results of the primary composite outcome but then we'll look at all the individual factors that actually were used in creating that outcome to determine what kind of results actually matter anywh who So based on our graph here about 569 people in the wovi group experienced some kind of cardiovascular event and there was 71 people in the placebo group that experienced some event though clearly the wovi group had fewer events compared to the placebo group and in fact when we actually calculate out the data the absolute risk reduction came out to be about 1.5% and the number needed to treat came out to be 67 now what I mean by absolute risk reduction let's say your risk of having an event is about 15% when we say an absolute risk reduction of 1.5% well that means you go from 15% to 13.5% risk of having some kind of cardiovascular event over that 40 Monon or 3.3 year period if you're taking this drug or to say it in a little bit of a more comprehensible way the number needed to treat what that means is if we took 67 individuals from this study we would need to treat all 67 of them with wovi at a dose of 2.4 milligram once per week for 3.3 years for one single person to have a reduced risk of having an event now those results might not seem all that exciting and I'll kind of elaborate a little bit more as we go along here first let's look at the individual factors that were concluded in this composite outcome to see what kind of results each of those factors actually came out to be so the main benefit that wovi seemed to provide was reducing the risk of heart attacks what we saw is that there was 234 individuals that were taking W GOI that ended up having a heart attack compared to about 322 individuals ual in the placebo group that had a heart attack difference between those two groups was indeed significant so it was a result that we can say with 95% confidence that wovi did create and did in fact reduce an individual's risk of heart attack and what that ultimately came out to be was a number needed to treat of 100 so if we were to take 100 individuals from this study we would need to give all 100 of them will go V at a dose of 2.4 mg once per week for one individual to not have a heart attack in terms of reducing an individual's risk of Strokes or deaths because of cardiovascular diseases such as heart attacks or Strokes well the results were less appealing and less thrilling in fact they were non-significant so in that situation we really can say that wovi was no better in preventing those things compared to the placebo they also counted up the individuals that had a death or died because of Any cause not just because of heart disease it could have been in any other kind of reason and they actually found a significant or positive result in that will goie compared to Placebo reduce the risk of death from any cause if you want more information about glp1 medications go to the link down in my description as well as in the first comment there click the link enter your email and you can download My Little handout and PDF on GP glp1 medications to use with friends families or talking to your primary care provider so that was the main kind of primary cardiovascular death defying results and that sort of thing as for the other results around how much weight was lost and that sort of thing the individuals that were taking W GOI on average lost about 99.4% of their weight from Baseline remember these people weren't given any counseling on dietary patterns or activity levels the placebo group only lost about 1% I think it was a little bit less than 1% of their weight from Baseline so so substantially less weight was taken off for those people for the adverse event side of things so side effects that occurred well we got the typical gastrointestinal or stomach issues so nausea heartburn vomiting constipation diarrhea all what we expect with these medications but they went away as the study went on there was an increased risk of having some gallbladder issues which again I've covered in previous videos really isn't due to the medication itself it's largely due to losing weight quite rapidly and getting a collection of cholesterol within the gallbladder that collection creates stones that then irritates the gallbladder and can lead to gallbladder issues when they looked at things like pancreatitis kidney disease psychiatric disorders and other GI blocking type diseases and stuff like that the rate that was occurring with wovi was the same rate as what was happening in the placebo group so it looks like wovi was not causing an increase in any of those other side effects that we sometimes hear hear about at least when we compare to the placebo in this study cool cool cool cool so what exactly do all of these results mean how can we actually apply them to you if maybe you're like the people in this study and also maybe if you're not like the people in this study you're probably saying well those results didn't seem all that great you have to treat like 100 people that are similar to me for one of us to get a benefit and I only get a like 1% reduction in my risk of heart disease so who cares unfortunately if you're someone who hasn't had heart disease up to this point in time we would need to treat even more people a larger group in order for just one person to ultimately get the benefit of the drug and reducing their risk of some kind of heart disease or cardiovascular event in a perfect world the number needed to treat would come out to be one and that would mean yeah everybody essentially got a benefit and everybody's winning but that is not the case when it comes comes to studies and trials and drugs like these so on the individual level these kind of results don't really seem like that big of a deal it kind of puts into question whether it's you know you're actually going to get a benefit or not we're really kind of looking at risks and rates and all this other kind of stuff but when we zoom out and we look at the larger population of people and if we look at the millions upon billions of people that live on our planet and that are struggling with obesity or struggling with obesity and diabetes and we then PR provide them with this medication well then that starts to change the picture where we start to reduce the risk of having an event in large numbers of people which on a societal Community level leads to a lot of really really great benefits it leads to reduction in health care costs and ultimately we get a more positive healthier population so hopefully that provides you a bit of perspective and hopefully that gives you a little bit of a rundown on the select trial and what they Tred to answer answer the question of whether wovi can provide a cardiovascular benefit in individuals that don't have diabetes but they do have a history of heart disease so on an individual level it might not seem like the results are super great but on a population level that's where we really start to get the bang for our buck so definitely it still would be worth it for you to go on the medication and if you were doing things like changing your dietary patterns and exercising more and doing all the other great things for your health you're probably going to get even more benefit than just what the drug all on its own is going to provide for you and the really cool thing is is that the results of this study were really happening outside of just the weight loss component of things because individuals weren't even losing greater than 10% of their Baseline weight so that does indicate that if they only lost 9.4% of their Baseline weight the drug was likely having some benefit outside of the weight loss alone in in helping to protect the heart and reduce an individual's risk of an event it's not the most mind-blowing result and it's not like it's going to shatter the world in any kind of way but it nonetheless is a check mark on the benefit that these medications can have and gives us more Credence in terms of insurance companies for sure but also the individual that we have sitting in front of us and which medication is going to be the best option for them I don't know about you but this ending kind of seems a bit antic climatic to be honest I thought it was going to be yeah a little bit more thrilling than than what it actually was but it is what it is that is the data that is the study I hope you got some some value out of this nonetheless of course don't forget to hit that subscribe button down below and of course I will be back next week with another video and again don't forget to check out my YouTube membership where the exclusive perk is I do a live at the end of every single month for the exclusive OG members so go and sign up for that today as well check me out on my other channels at the official Dr Dan we on the tick the talk the gram and check out the links down below where you can check out my Amazon store for my recommendations on how to manage side effects with these medications as well you can check out my links to get my glp1 PDF handout to talk with friends family and your clinicians about and of course my final sign off is that always remember small tweaks lead to those massive Peaks

- Weight loss breakthrough or hype? Examining Wegovy and Ozempic success stories: Kind: captions Language: en having to eat less and exercise more is enough to derail a lot of weight loss plans I have always struggled with my weight Caroline Davis shared these photos from when she was at her heaviest that's that yo-yo where you lose it and then it comes right back and you're back where you started or even bigger than where you started since then Caroline has lost well over a hundred pounds the difference this time was the weight loss drug with Govi stopped the cravings and made me not eat as much so that definitely helped and the weight has started falling off it's an impressive drug Dr Hillary Miller knows how hard it is for her patients to lose weight but she says semigluti drugs like ozymic and wogovi are game changers the studies are good I mean you can lose 30 pounds in 68 weeks that's over a year the drugs work by making you feel full faster that means you're no longer eating everything on your plate by the time you've eaten three quarters of the food or maybe just half of it you're ready to stop basically it makes them feel Fuller sooner um and and they're just they're just not as hungry the weight loss drug also keeps patients feeling full longer so there's less of a temptation to snack instead of reaching for a snack two hours later they might be able to go a little bit more prolonged times without having to feel like they need something to eat Dr Morgan Stewart is a clinical pharmacist at the University of Texas she says compared to older weight loss drugs Osama can wagovi are revolutionary this medication class really does open up the doors to safer even more effective medications for weight loss but that doesn't mean it's perfect semiglutide drugs require a weekly injection there are side effects nausea diarrhea constipation are the major complaints that people have and it's very expensive and usually not covered by Insurance patients have paid up to thirteen hundred dollars a month for this drug it's also not a substitute for regular exercise and healthy eating habits without both of those once patients stop taking the high cost drug they gained about three-fourths of the weight back Caroline is now on the lowest dose of the weight loss shots and is continuing to count calories and steps I like to keep it at 10 000 a day she's proud of her before and after photos and knows it's going to take lifestyle changes to make sure they don't flip-flop it's not some kind of magic medication to work on its own Betty cross CBS Austin news

- I Tried The “Miracle” Fat Jab | Ozempic, Wegovy, Mounjaro - Drugs For The Lazy?: Kind: captions Language: en this is Manjaro sounds like a spin-off from jangi to make Kevin Hart richer but it actually belongs to a group of medications including AIC and wovi commonly referred to by many as Jabs for fat lazy people and celebrities well I've tried it and call me fat and lazy if you like but the results have been absolutely incredible although not necessarily in the way that you would think also if you do want to regard me as a minor celebrity I'll take that too excuse the mess I'm moving house now a while ago I watched this video from James Smith a fitness influencer that I have some actual time for mainly because he doesn't devote his days to flashing his nipples in twoo small clothing to try and secure endorsements from companies selling you junk I was supposed to take this for a month but I had to stop after 2 weeks because I lost too much weight so he used semaglutide as found in as zic and wovi and had in a week a complete change in his weight which over a week doesn't mean that much but more interestingly in how he felt about food after taking some of glutide I thought I'd feel sick all the time but I just felt not really bothered by food which was completely new to me and then throughout the summer I've been getting emails from people either saying they are using one of these products and getting great results but feel bad about relying on it or that they're interested in approaching their doctor to discuss them but they're hesitant to do so because again they feel bad about relying on it because they know public opinion on these is not always great what did I think and I had no answer for them my gut reaction was it it seems like a weird shortcut when you just need to find a way of implementing a correct balance of calories in and calories out do we really need big farmer to keep us away from Big Max see what I did there so I tried it for 6 weeks and coming up why I did it how I did it what I expected what actually happened and what next and if you say monjaro three times while looking in the mirror does the rock appear now as always I'm not a doctor I'm not a fitness expert in fact I'm not an expert in anything and I never advise that you do what I do I simply do what I like because I'm a grown-up and I then invite you to watch for entertainment purposes think of me like you would the people that jump off of cliffs wearing MC Hammer's pants or the ones Swimming with Sharks they're not always doing things that are wise but they're not expecting you to copy them either so why I have spoken many times about my disordered I have been very overweight in the past and it has always been down to something up here encouraging me to eat when I don't really want to eat we're not talking an extra cheeky cookie we're talking an extra three packs of cookies at 4:00 in the morning despite feeling like crap because I spent all day eating cookies cake is my weakness now people talk about excess weight being a result of a lack of self-control no willpower the problem is the brain where all that good stuff comes from it's the same brain saying saying cookie I often describe it as not an issue of weakness up here but rather an infuriating excess of strength the part of my brain wanting har andas when it shouldn't is simply stronger than any other part I may actually have 10% more willpower than the average person but if my compulsion to eat is at twice normal levels I'm screwed strength is my weakness historically I've used ridiculous amounts of exercise and short periods of being able to rain in that part of my brain doing naughty things to get in shape they say you can't outtrain a bad diet if you run across enough mountains you can have a pretty good stab at it but this year has been tricky a combination of injuries and then pending house move has made regular exercise almost non-existent for me and the stress associated with that situation has done nothing but fuel my cookie consumption desire it's been tough when I eat a regular amount I'm disappointed I did not eat more when I eat more I'm disappointed I ate more it's not fun I'm not looking to have my cake and eat it I'm sick of wanting to eat cake how did I do it well in the UK monjaro it can be prescribed online if you're obese and thanks to the wonders of the BMI system my weight crept into obese almost I'm 6'6 and a fraction under obese at 6'5 and the same weight I would qualify so I slouched don't judge me they're jumping off cliffs I filled out the online questionnaire had to send a photograph myself looking obese and slouching and desperate like a weirdo trying to get onto a kids ride at a theme park and within a couple of days my prescription arrived in the form of a pen that administers 2.5 migrs a week after 4 weeks you get a prescription for a pen that gives you 5 Mig and then 7 and half milligram working your way up to a 15 MGR regular dose now buckle up if you're in America typical cost here is between1 and2 200 a month Americans are paying thousands for me I'm not kidding I saved money over the last 6 weeks by not buying takeaways in fact one of the side effects of this drug is that there's now a deliveroo driver out of work what did I expect I expected the process to be easy the pens are idiot proof there's a needle on the end a few millimeters long you stick it into belly fat and you literally can't feel it so what you got to do is you got to bring the needle down and it's stabbing motion but I expected the results to be scary I had read a lot online about the possibility of being quite ill a physical effect on the body of using these is a slowing of the digestive system and consequently that can give some people gastrointestinal distress I'm no fan of gastrointestinal distress so my greatest worry was having some of it I was definitely interested to see if it had an impact on how I felt about food but no my main expectation was that it would make me feel ill and I would eat less because I was feeling ill and then that would be it so given that was my expectation was it even sensible to proceed was the risk too high I don't know those guys don't even have a spare parachute what happened I took the jab 8:00 p.m. Friday night I went to bed hopeful that I would not wake up Saturday morning surrounded by gastrointestinal distress and I woke up fine and the first few days are then hard to judge CU I was very very cautious to only eat modest amounts of simple Foods on a regular basis my head had been filled with these horror stories some people eating as they normally would and then feeling quite unwell as a result with hindsight I'm wondering if the large number of quite large people using these products skewed the feedback on the implications of eating normally not everyone's normal is the same so I ate less than my normal probably lost a bit of weight but I don't think we can count that given I was restricting myself through fear and then I realized something quite weird was going on around day four or five first of all I still felt completely fine in fact I no longer felt stuffed much of the time because I wasn't stuffed much of the time so actually I felt pretty good but more significantly I wasn't thinking about food on occasions if my wife had not reminded me I could easily have forgotten to eat James said the same thing in his video after taking some of glutide I thought I'd feel sick all the time but I just felt not really bothered by food which was completely new to me I felt with control I have never forgotten to eat meals before I have once forgotten one of my kids when they were 3 years old left them walking around the supermarket didn't realize till I got home and my wife went nuts but I've never forgotten to eat meals before and I wasn't snacking in between I was just eating and thinking about eating normally for the first time in ever as I say I've had periods of very controlled eating before but it's been in conjunction with having to permanently resist the desire to eat here I just had no huge desire to eat I wasn't fighting against any compulsions I was free from them week two 3 4 that just continued I had one day on week two where I felt a little bit queasy for a few hours but that was it and as someone quite able to wrap through 5 or 6,000 calories in a single takeaway I can assure you I felt far more queasy far more often than I did here it genuinely was mindblowing how in just a matter of days my whole thought process around food had changed and daily I was experiencing scenarios I could just never have imagined before I was going on long car Journeys and eating maybe a small packet of peanuts instead of an absolute barrage of junk food I was buying petrol without picking up snacks at the same time when crisp and dips and stuff was put in front of me at friends houses when socializing I just had no interest beyond having maybe a couple I wasn't fighting the urge to eat I wasn't trying to keep those thoughts at Bay they just did not exist and it was it is wonderful in the last 6 weeks I have not had any feelings of guilt from having overindulged and I've not felt ill from having overindulged I've enjoyed food more than I can remember cuz I would sit down for a meal physically hungry but not mentally hungry if that makes sense so the food would taste great and it would not be lessened by the fact that it was being consumed by someone who had had a snack half an hour before and I would finish the meal without any of the negative feelings associated with either having a second third or fourth helping or not having a second third or fourth helping and therefore being disappointed that I didn't I was simply leaving the table content if you have never experienced any sort of compulsive or addictive behavior it's quite hard to explain what an absolute relief it is to just have them vanish did I lose Lo weight yes plenty but here's the weird thing I've paid almost no attention to whether or not I was losing weight in the past I would fixate upon that because I was constantly looking for an upside to the 24/7 downside of depriving myself here had I lost no weight at all I would still regard this as being an incredible thing to have done if only for the food noise to have been turned off in my head which has allowed me in this period of clarity to completely reassess my relationship with food and my understanding what normal healthy food consumption looks like and feels like I took some footage for this video but I almost regard that physical change and I should point out I'm not yet where I want to be but I'm certainly a step on from when I started this I regard that change as being a handy side effect of this drug that fixed my head what next well interestingly at the 4we point I was told my prescription could increase to the 5 milligrams on its way up to that larger dose but I told him I just take the two and a half again please so I'm still taking this tin tiny amount will I continue I don't know will those people car on Annoying sharks maybe now there are some studies around on longer term use on these medications and they sometimes show a high level of obesity reoccurrence and also muscle loss during the treatment period they're the things I've heard Lots about but it's worth bearing in mind the studies are typically done on very obese people with zero history of exercise and Healthy Living it's not a huge surprise that many of them return to their old ways if they're ignorant of alternatives turning off food noise is like making your child studying for their exams turn off the TV they still need to actually study once everything is quiet in short if those studies were done on some people that did some resistance training and received some education I had a function now that they were able to use that knowledge I expect we'd have slightly different outcomes I certainly anticipate a positive long-term outcome for me but forget about me for a moment here is why I'm making this video it's to answer the question that people were asking me who are using these types of medications or thinking of I'm worried about public opinion screw public opinion if you consult with your doctor and they deem it to be a safe and appropriate course of action listen to your doctor do not listen to some Muppet yelling eat less move more on the internet because when you're in hospital dying from one of the many things that being significantly overweight can help you die from peace of mind that you didn't upset Nigel the Jim brro on Tik Tok will not keep you alive unfortunately a lot of people just do not have a clue and the little research I did this morning online just to get a feel for public opinion right now I see the same old stuff you don't need it you just need to exercise or eat like this or eat like that or you're lazy or you're looking for an easy solution you need to understand that no matter how cathartic you might find it to shout at an obese person that they're stupid and should put down the donut it doesn't stop them being obese if it did that would actually be very handy we could all go out and find an obese person each and yell at them suddenly the statistics which show the majority of people are overweight many of them are obese and it's killing them in their million those statistics would reverse in the UK the National Health Service would suddenly have just staggering amounts of spare money because they're not treating heart disease and cancer and type two diabetes caused by poor diet and you get to yell at the fat person and feel Superior to win-win except it isn't because it turns out that does not work if you need really good evidence of that look covid we didn't yell at fat people we watch many of them die and yet today more people are overweight than ever if death isn't a motivator no amount of Fitness influence is yelling about thermodynamics on Instagram is going to help and for every person out there now saying will it help me that's amazing the statistics do not lie though you are in a minority but you live in the society filled with everybody else it doesn't benefit you for a large number of everybody to be staggeringly unhealthy feeling smug that you nailed it but then when you start doing CrossFit you can't get to your local accident emergency cuz there's three people ahead of you suffering heart attacks feeling smug will not deal with your concussion and if you think the solution is intermittent fasting or Carnival diet or Zone 2 training or plant-based or hybrid or just improve your morning routine pick anything you like and many of those things are amazing beneficial things to be doing but if you think they're the solution to the global obesity crisis you falling on your head too many times that's not a CrossFit joke that's serious go walk up and down your High Street look at the majority of people who are too fat and tell me how you're going to get them onto Whole Foods and coal plunging without doing so in different to what we have been doing to help those people so far so if there is a means of those people facilitating their ability to control what they eat they should be applauded not derided and this notion that it's just an easy way out no it's not these drugs do not let you eat pizza and still lose weight they help you not eat the pizza people are saying it's just calories in it's calories out I know people on these drugs stuff less calories in if you can achieve that without the need for medication that's brilliant if someone else can't let them fix it I can't run a marathon without my asthma inhaler should I try anyway to avoid the easy solution and yes there are side effects but those side effects have to be considered against the side effects of being obese which is death for millions of people and a crappy quality of life on the way to that early grave also realize all medications have potential side effects even something like ibuprofen has them we take that for headache when I started this whole process I researched it a lot and I read about headaches dizziness nausea vomiting blood in your vomit black poo I thought I'm never taking ibuprofen again it's also interesting that a large amount of the negative commentary is coming from those quite content with their body shape and already existing within the fitness bubble a bubble where there's just a huge number of people taking all manner of pharmaceutical interventions in order to achieve popularity and fame and fortune wow and good luck to them again grown-ups do what you like but you can't hold up Mr Olympia as a hero for making his body completely abnormal with large amounts of drugs while attacking chubby Bob for making his normal with a jab into his belly once a week and if you think Bob is Now setting a bad example for others who might regard his approach as a fast track to look in the way they'd rather check out the number of teenagers doing steroids before we get too bogged down in bad examples so should everybody that's overweight jump on medication to allow them to achieve and maintain contentment along with a healthy size no idea should everyone have a girl base jumping I'm not your mom figure it out yourself I just thought it might be interesting to hear what I tried with no expertise but a healthy understanding of how we are losing the Obesity battle and doing nothing about that because we live in Echo chambers of our own preconceived ideas and opinions is a disaster already happening next week sharks [Music]

- 1st long term study released on weight loss drug Wegovy: Kind: captions Language: en allow to our GMA cover story new research on wovi finding that patients continually taking the medication maintained weight loss after four years ABC News medical correspondent Dr Jen Sutton our dear friend joins us now with what to know good morning so great to have you okay so this study does that mean that they had to take it for those four years to keep that weight loss yes so this study comes from Nova NIS the maker of agoi important disclaimer but still peer- reviewed nonetheless and it was the longest study to date they followed these patients with overweight status or obesity also dealing with underlying heart disease and they found J that the majority of that weight loss approximately on average 10% was lost in the first 15 months and it was sustained and kept off for 4 years so this is the longest study to date answering that question when the weight comes off does it stay off okay and here's a big question a lot of people are asking and maybe this study lends something to it like like what does this tell us about using this drug long term you know we're still waiting for the ongoing data collection basically looking at 10 20 years in the terms of weight loss this medications and this group of medications has been studied before mainly for the beginning when it started for diabetes and now we're seeing expanding indications expanding uses and we're also paying attention to the adverse effects for example the most common symptom it seems was nausea which approximately 17% of patients withdrew because of that and we are seeing more and more headlines on all of these weight loss drugs is this changing how we look at obesity now Gio I hope so you know obesity and the status of being overweight I think we should look at it as a diagnosis and I think regardless of how much someone diets or exercises we all lose weight differently we all gain weight differently we all hold weight differently mainly due to the complex metabolic process that's associated with that factor so I think as we step down the line of understanding obesity we step away from shame and stigma and step toward the realization that this is a huge breakthrough that can help likely millions of people while keeping a critical eye of course on the adverse and the risks that come with it and and this being a break and we're hearing so much more about it so it really is Shifting the conversation but what happens cuz folks need to know if they do stop taking the medication does that impacts how that weight stays off right absolutely unfortunately again the Obesity itself is a chronic condition meaning just like other diagnosis of hypertension or high blood pressure and diabetes when you stop the treatment you'll likely get the symptoms back so unfortunately we're seeing that in terms of whether or not patients can taper it down or decrease it or maybe skip doses we're still trying to understand that benefit because we're learning as we're going along absolutely new these studies thank you so much

- My 6-Week Wegovy Weight Loss Journey | Second 0.5mg Dose Results & Nausea Experience: Kind: captions Language: en hey there uh here I am on the second week of the 0 five of GOI um doing pretty good uh it first couple days was a little rough um nausea thing it's just a constant theme that I'm talking about it uh it continued got a little worse the first day or two than this last couple days it subsided some so that got better hopefully this week won't be as bad with the uh with the nausea and whatnot um far as weight loss I'm down 20 lbs now so I am down to 228 though my weight loss has slowed which is probably a good thing CU I've been losing weight too fast I am down to like I say 228 and I've lost 2 pounds this last week so still losing I'm getting closer to my weight I think I've reevaluated my weight though I think 220 is my base that's where I want to get to I was want to do 210 but I think that's just too thin for my body frame and uh my stature so if I get the 220 I'm going to be uh good there and then I'll decide how I'm going to levelize if I'm going to stay in wovi uh talk to the doctor maybe reduce the dosage or just get off it um of course the fear that everybody has is that once you get off it the weight gang comes back so um that's something I discuss not to have with my doctor and I will let you know when I get to that point and and what I decide from there something that's been brought to my attention off the point uh is my shirt apparently this is my Wednesday W shot shirt it's a kettle apparel I am not advertising for them but I'm telling you if you're a guy and you want outdoor wear and do something comfortable it's amazing and they have a lifetime guarantee if anything rips tears they'll fix it so I love it I've got a whole assortment of it and uh it seem like I am wearing it more than I'm not so that's the reason you always see me in this gray shirt and this Kettle is because I love their I love their clothes um but that being said uh I'm looking forward to getting the sued off and hopefully it continues to uh come off the way it has been and uh go from there so this is be my six shot and the second one of the0 five same thing as I've told you before uh it's pretty easy pretty painless take the cap off keep it in the fridge so you take it out I like to put it as far up as my leg as I can uh that way I don't feel it I don't like needles take it in you push down takes about 10 seconds biggest thing is you wait for the second click it does click and you wait for it to all turn yellow once it's all yellow you are done again yellow so I will keep you updated on my next week hopefully again I won't be as nauseated as I was I knew I was going to have some effects when I went up to the 0.5 and I did though it was just the nausea really no other side effects um as far as a side note I feel like my energy is getting better um losing weight the 20 lbs I went to a great hike yesterday um could have done it before but it was a lot easier this time and uh did some kayaking this last week got out my photography and took some pictures um it's been it's been a good week for me so I can see my activity level coming up my energy uh coming up my clothes are fitting better as expected with weight loss so I'm pretty happy with the results and uh if it takes a little nausea to get there I'm totally good at it so um like and share and uh we'll see you next week and and thanks for watching

- HOW I LOST 75 LBS IN 1 YEAR | WEIGHT LOSS PCOS, WEGOVY, BODY DYSMORPHIA, REGRETS, HITTING A PLATEAU: Kind: captions Language: en hey y'all welcome back to my channel I'm jasine if you're new here I am doing my oneyear weight loss Journey video I can't believe it's been a year I literally don't know how the time flew by so quickly so if you guys don't know I started a weight loss Journey back in May one out of the 2,500 Journeys that I've tried over the past 10 years of my life and this one was different I did use glp1 medication which you guys are probably not um naive to if you watch my channel I did use woie semaglutide and wovie during this journey so I wanted to give you guys a recap over the past year and just kind of like tell y'all the tea I've gotten a lot of questions some of them usually are very similar so I figured I would answer those questions as well in this video but just giving you guys an overview of what the past year has been for me now that I've completed a year so and also like where I'm going from here like what my plan is so may of 2023 was when I started this journey for a little background I have PCOS which is a hormonal condition that can affect so many different things one of that being difficulty losing weight and the kicker it's real easy to gain weight so it's easy to gain weight and hard to lose weight with PCOS amongst many other things I know a lot of you guys are familiar with PCOS I know a lot of you who follow me have PCOS but if you're not familiar with it definitely look it up and see the things that we go through okay cuz it's a lot between having PCOS gaining excess weight during pregnancy and postpartum depression which I had and didn't know until years later I basically never lost my pregnancy weight I just kept adding to it I would lose 20 lbs here and there over the past 9 years but never was able to get down to a manageable healthy weight so I got up to 200 I want to say close to 215 at one point that was like my heaviest and then eventually I got to like 210 when I started the medication so I started around 210 I'm pretty sure that's where I started I'm currently between 133 and 135 I fluctuate between these numbers so that's where I am currently so I've lost a total of around 75 76 lbs like somewhere along there so I've lost a total of 75 76 lb over the past year which most of that weight was lost in the first 7 months I want to say the past maybe 3 months has not been much change but in those months I have definitely build a lot more muscle that's been my goal since I want to say like January February that became my goal to like build and tone my body and we got gains okay as I've mentioned before being overweight affected my health my met abolic numbers were all over the place it also affected my confidence just my daily life simple things like taking a long walk was an issue for me like I started getting back pain honestly I had back pain for years and years and years and thought it was everything from my mattress to just my shoes I change up shoes at one point um yeah as soon as I lost the bulk of the weight the back pain was gone vanished disappeared like in never existed I actually didn't even realize when it went away I just all of a sudden woke up one day and said wait a minute my back is not hurting I would literally have to roll out of bed and be so careful to not turn the wrong way I also had trouble like walking on the treadmill or at the park for a long time just my back would started hurting so it made exercise in harder my body was going through it mentally and physically so I had to do something and and I tried all the things all the Natural Things cuz I know y'all like that word natural the natural things not y'all as in my subscribers but the peoples out there medication was definitely not my first stop and it never is for me I'm usually somebody who likes to treat things in every way I can before taking a medication but I felt like at that point my doctor and I felt together that we had to change something like do something about it because it was affecting me in ways that were just not like the risk were not it was not adding up okay like I was on the path to developing long-term conditions that would just it was just not a good idea and it was worth trying this type of a medication so as y'all know or may not know I did start the glp ones back in May I originally started with a medbot because my appointment was in August and I just could not wait okay like my doctor had no availability I personally would recommend going through an endocrinologist because that's somebody who really understands the conditions that tend to need those types of medications so endocrinologist understands PCOS um diabetes or any other metabolic related conditions that may require that medications or a primary care doctor that is knowledgeable about the conditions that you may have so with that being said one of the frequently asked questions I get is how long it took for my weight to um change and like how long I took how long it took to see results I started seeing results almost immediately I was beyond ready in the first couple months I had already lost around 20 to 25 lbs and then from there I just continued to lose weight the first few months I definitely dropped way too quickly so when I first started back in May so from May to August I was on timog glutide and I will say during that time even into like September I want to say the first maybe 3 to 4 months I definitely lost way too much weight what I mean by that is I was cutting back a lot when it came to calories these first few months I was so anxious and just like scared that the medication wasn't going to work and just like scared that it was going to stop working that I was doing anything and everything in my power to get the weight off as quickly as possible cuz I'm like reading and watching all these videos of people saying that it stopped working for them after like 2 months after 3 months some people saying it never even worked for them and it made me so scared that I started just going crazy at the gym and not eating enough calories during the first I want to say 4 months but I would definitely not recommend doing that I did it because I was scared and I was anxious but I this is something that I regret doing because instead of building muscle from the beginning I had to kind of start from scratch it was kind of a double-edged sword because at the same time seeing the weight Fall Off made me more motivated to eat healthy but I definitely had to increase my calories I brought my calories up to a healthier level and I also monitored my workout so if I was working out really hard then I would increase my calories even more I started focusing on protein more as well because during that initial phase I was doing a lot of salads and just like trying to really minimize any I don't think I had a carb during the first like three months I was girl I was really like trying to get the weight off I was like this got to go immediately if you're not familiar with the glp1 medications basically they take away food noise and they leave you Fuller longer so the food takes longer to digest so if you're somebody who has a lot of food noise it tends to help you not think about food 24/7 so the fact that I was not thinking about food 24/7 made it very easy to not eat and not overeat once I increase my protein and calories as a whole the weight did come off a little slower but it was definitely healthier than what I was doing in May June and possibly July back in like September October I did a what I ate in a day video and that pretty much gives you an idea of what I started eating once I realized that I was doing too much and if I did go to the gym and burned a lot of calories I would add in an extra snack or something like that just to make up just to make up for the calories that I burned going on that drastic of a weight loss Journey definitely does affect you mentally because it's a big shift in how you look um I did experience body dysmorphia like I have it off and on but it's not that I think that I'm bigger than I am when I look in the mirror like I don't have it in that way but sometimes as when I'm shopping for clothes I sometimes will still shop with the mindset of I want to hide my stomach or I want to get something that doesn't show my roles you know so I will still like browse the aisles looking for certain um styles of clothing like staying far away from a bodycon dress for example but then I like have to remind myself like no girl like you can wear that I'm not saying that you need to be a certain weight or look a certain way to wear these clothes me personally I just did not feel comfortable I felt very self-conscious if I wore something that was very like skin tight or just showing too much I even though yes I know you know it's there personally I didn't want to see it I've basically relearning my body relearning how I look it's been a journey it's been quite the journey as much as I wish my confidence was not tied into my weight it was and I tried and tried and tried to really tell myself girl you look good no matter what and it just didn't work for me like I just could not get over like it was a disconnect like it wasn't like I couldn't convince myself and unfortunately it took me losing weight to really gain back confidence and um feeling comfortable in my skin and I wish it wasn't that way but honestly we live in a very fat phobic Society so even when you try to tell yourself certain things and try to do that work mentally it's hard to escape reality it's hard to escape what you see on TV what you hear people saying like it's just you know it's really hard questions I get asked a lot is what dose I'm on I'm on 2.4 which is the highest dose is it 2.4 or 2.5 I think it's 2.4 milligrams which is the highest dose now your dosing really depends on how the medication is working for you so if you're getting all the benefits at 1.7 your doctor's going to I'm talking about wo by the way I know there are other glp ones and the dosin is different so it would that would depend on what medication you're on I also get asked about side effects pretty often per this is such a personal thing because the way you react to medication obviously is going to be personal when I first started I did have headaches when I switched to wovi they disappeared so I didn't have them with wovi when I first started I also had some constipate so constipation I I don't know if I mentioned constipation much in my other video but that was like the biggest side effect that I would say I experienced but I figured it out real quick okay part of my constipation issue was my diet like I said I was not eating the right amount of food I was not like I was staying away from all carbs like I was not doing the right thing at first I was eating way too little not enough protein not enough fiber not enough anything okay so that's where my issue came with that and so for constipation I did a few things I started magnesium which eventually I told my doctor and he was like no please don't do that let's not that's too strong of magnesium if you need magnesium citrate that means that you're doing something wrong with your diet so I was like okay once he told me that I immediately stopped taking it but I also never had that issue again because I had changed everything else diet wise so I increased my water intake fiber became my best friend okay like I made sure I was having enough fiber in my diet I literally got an electric Kettle specifically to make warm lemon water it basically activates your digestive system in the morning I also got a squatter potty so those are the things I did water lemon water squat potty fiber and Walkin those are the changes I made for that that's one symptom that I did not appreciate when I had it but it is very avoidable if you do the right things another question I get asked very often is basically what is my what are my future goals and those sort of questions so right now I am at a plateau which what that means is at a certain point the medication kind of meets your equilibrium is what my doctor told me and so you don't lose weight as much you also no longer have the loss of appetite which I never had full loss of appetite I just had the edge taken off um so that is gone you start feeling more regular like how you should feel I definitely don't feel like how I used to feel in terms of like feeling hungry all the time always thinking about food I am going to see the doctor I think in July or August and at that point we're going to discuss what the next steps are at my last visit we talked about spacing the medication out more and my personal goal is to eventually tap her off of it as per my doctor you don't want to stop cold turkey like with most medications you want to tap her off so that's basically what I'm working on right now as far as what I'm doing next like my next step in this journey I am at my goal for the most most part toning is what I'm working on right now and just getting my glutes right my arms together I really love the look of like a nice deltoid a nice like bicep so that's what I'm really working on and also my glutes to get that little perkiness back which it's growing it's get in there but I'll take all the body changes that came with this any day over what I was experiencing at my heavier weights I don't have much loose skin but I do have some like I do have some right here I do have some loose skin obviously like I lost a lot of weight but it's not something that bothers me like I'm not thinking about my loose skin um the only area I think about is my abdominal area and that's CU of pregnancy like I have stretch marks so it's not something that is from my weight gain necessarily I guess it's from pregnancy I don't know the way I feel right now in my skin it just outweighs thinking about stretch marks or loose skin or any of those things there's also things you can do for those situations like procedures or some of them are not even invasive like they have different radio frequency things I don't really know much about I was actually on Serena Williams page recently on Instagram and she was getting some type of like skin tightening treatment with like a radio frequency so there's a lot of stuff out there especially now there's like so many things that are not invasive by the way I definitely want to thank my community here because you guys have been so supportive 99% of you have been so supportive there's always that 1% that I don't know if they know they a hater but they really are a hater but I'm definitely grateful for you guys I feel like I've gotten a lot of support I've also seen a lot of people who have gone through similar Journeys or experienced PC the way I have comment and it just makes me realize like how many people are part of this community and there's still so little research there's still so little knowledge about PCOS it's just astounding but um it is a female condition so you you have that speaking of PCOS my cycle has been regular girl like that is one thing that was a crazy change for me I've never experienced a regular cycle I think actually after having clay I did for like a year and then it wasn't regular anymore but that has been completely regular like 28 day cycle I've never experienced that in my life if I did it was probably when I was like in high school and it literally on the dot every month which is crazy like I I'm just like wow this is crazy like I can plan my life and know like okay it's coming around this day you know and it actually shows up which I've never had that before like I would just it would randomly show up like every four months every 6 months once a year whenever it felt like it you know and I did mention it to my doctor and he wasn't sure I don't think the research is there to see if there's a correlation between the gp1 and the cycle but he definitely said weight loss can make that more regular only regrets I have in this journey is the first 3 months when I was literally eating nothing I was eating but girl it was it was minimal minimal um and like I said it was because I was just I had the fear of it not working and I wanted to make sure I lost every single pound before it stopped working and I had no business doing that honestly besides that I don't really have any other regrets I'm very grateful thank you guys for watching this video if you have any other questions leave it Thumb in the comments I think I pretty much answered the questions you guys asked the most um but yeah that is my onee update I'll give you updates within my Vlogs usually I'll mention things here and there in Vlogs but yeah thanks for watching and I'll see you in my next video bye

- Wk 2 The Struggles & The Progress - Wegovy (Semaglutide) | Weight Loss Journey: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Week two of my Wiggo OV journey was tough. I was exhausted. I was nauseous and I only managed to get two workouts in in the week, which was coaching soccer. But even through all the struggles, I still lost weight. Let's get into it. If you're new here, I'm Montage and I started my Wiggoi weight loss journey one week ago at 213.4 pounds. Each week, I'll be documenting my honest results and side effects. So, if you're thinking about going on a Wiggoi weight loss journey, you'll know exactly what to expect. So, here's where I'm at. I started at 213.4 lb, and after week 1, I dropped 1.6 6 lb and was at 211.8 lb this week. Even with all the struggles, I still managed to lose 1.2 lb, bringing me to 210.6 lb. That's a total of 2.8 lb lost in 2 weeks. So, week 2 hit me harder than week 1. The first 2 or 3 days after my injection on Sunday, I felt very nauseous. I was also super exhausted way more than I was during week one. Something new that I noticed was my digestion was a lot slower. You could feel it, especially when you were trying to go to the washroom. And I told you I'd keep it honest and real. I was gassy, burpy, and it definitely takes a little bit more time to go to the washroom. Because of that exhaustion, I was only able to get two workouts in this week, and that was essentially coaching my daughter's soccer practices. It wasn't a structured gym workout, but I got my body moving. Normally, I would feel so guilty for not doing more, but I'm learning to give myself credit for the movement that I am doing. My appetite continued to go down even more this week, where some days I had to remind myself to eat. I kept meals really simple. Egg frittatas, a protein shake, a Costco rotisserie chicken with quinoa salad, pasta with lean ground beef and vegetables, easy, light, and just focused on protein to help me with my nausea as it continued to stick around. This week definitely tested me mentally. For all the mothers out there or those who may be even just exhausted and sleepdeprived, add nausea and being backed up on top of it, it becomes really easy to doubt why you're even doing this. But I keep reminding myself that these side effects are temporary or normally just at the beginning and tend to get better. And even on the hardest days or weeks, I continue to tell myself that food is no longer controlling me anymore. And that is huge. If you've been struggling with PCOS, uh postpartum weight or just thinking about going on VGOI or semiglutide or GLP1, just remember that you deserve to feel your best. And I'm so grateful that you're here on this journey with me. Hit that subscribe button so you don't miss my week three update. Hopefully with a little more energy and some more wins.

- The Wegovy Pill Review -  Is It As Good As The Shot 💊: Kind: captions Language: en-US You've probably heard of the GLP-1 shot Wegovy. That's one of the first weight loss shots that came to the market. The first one was Ozempic, that was for diabetes. Shortly after they repackaged it and they called it Wegovy. And now we have the Wegovy pill. When they first started, studying this new form of GLP-1 in the pill form I was a little skeptical. I was like, this is not going to be the same because there's no way, a shot just feels like it's so much more intense and you're putting that straight into your bloodstream And the pill just feels like, like this is not going to work. But now we have the results of this study, and I'm going to share that with you today. I'm going to tell you everything you need to know about the Wegovy pill. How it works. Its pros and cons and its efficiency rates so that you can make the decision if you prefer the pill or if you prefer the shot. So let's start by talking about what is the Wegovy pill. Is it the same as the Wegovy shot What is it made out of? The Wegovy pill is the same thing. It's a GLP-1 receptor agonist. And it works the same way as the Wegovy shot. It slows your stomach emptying. That makes you have less appetite and it makes you feel full for longer. it's the same active ingredient and the same goal. But one thing that's not the same is the user experience. So one is a weekly shot and the other one is a daily pill that comes with rules. And if you don't follow these rules, the absorption of the drug can get jeopardized. You might not get the same effects if you don't follow the rules for the pill. And before I get into all the rules about the new Wegovy pill, make sure to like and subscribe so you keep getting more content like this. All right. So for that Wegovy shot. It's very easy. You take the shot once a week. It doesn't matter what day of the week you pick. It doesn't matter what time of the day. And you don't have to do any sort of ritual to get that shot done. You just decide when you want to take it. You take it. The only thing you have to worry about is to take it every week, and to take it on the shot areas that they recommend so that you get the full absorption of the product. Now for the pill, there are all these rules that you have to follow, otherwise it won't be absorbed. And it's way more rules than for the shots. You need to take it first thing in the morning on an empty stomach. Obviously you need to take it with some water. You must swallow it whole. And you have to wait 30 minutes before you can have food, drinks or any other oral medication. So even though I think that this new pill is going to make a lot more people join in on the GLP-1 journey, this pill is still coming with lots of rules, it's going to be something that you're going to have to remember every day if you don't remember to take a pill, it is going to affect its efficacy. I still prefer the shots. In the beginning, before I took, Mounjaro, before I took Zepbound, before I got used to using a syringe and injecting myself. I would have definitely chosen the pill if the efficacy is the same. But now that I already know how to use the syringe, I prefer taking something once a week than taking it every single day. And if you consider other medications that you might have to take in the morning, this is going to make it more complicated because you can't mix it with other meds. What if you have another medication that also needs to be taken in the morning on an empty stomach? So this makes the logistics a little bit more complicated. Now let's get into the side effects. they're pretty much the same. As everything in life we can't have it all. With GLP-1s, you have those side effects that are here to keep you humble. So you have the nausea, the constipation, the diarrhea. I have acid reflux if I eat things like pizza. But the good news is these side effects usually happen when you up the dose or when you commit one of those sins. Like I mentioned, you know, eating pizza or eating something that's oily. So it's totally avoidable. It's not something that's going to happen every day. So so far choosing between the pill and the shot is more of a matter of do you prefer to take something every day? Are you not comfortable with injecting yourself? This is what it comes down to because everything else seems to be the same. But now we're going to get into the juicy part, which is what you actually clicked on this video for. And it is what is the efficacy of this pill compared to the Wegovy shot. So I'm going to pull the data here from their trial. For there Wegovy injection the weight loss averaged 14.9% in 68 weeks. Now for the oral semaglutide was about 13.6% in 64 weeks. So the numbers are pretty much the same. There's about 1% difference. And if you look at the length of the study, the study with the injection was 68 weeks and the study with the oral medication was 64 weeks. So there is a whole month of difference. So I don't know if they continued with the pill studies, if you would have reached or gotten even closer to the results of the injection. But it seems like the difference here is very, very minimal. For you to think about this, in terms of pounds, let's say you're 200lb, 1% of 200lb is 2lb. So if you lose 2lb less on one form of medication, over the other, I don't think that that's going to tip the scale here. I think that it's more of a matter of do you prefer to take a shot once a week, or do you prefer to just take the medication in the pill form? And if you think about it, the pill form can also be more attractive in terms of it's easier to carry it around. So for example, I'm going to go to Brazil and I'm going to have to bring my medication. I take the shots, I'm going to stay in Brazil for three months. So I have to take, what is it 4x3, 12. 12 shots! And they have to be refrigerated. So I need to put it in a bag with ice. I have no clue how I'm going to do that. I have to figure that out very soon. But I have traveled with 1 or 2 shots. But I never traveled for so long with my medication, and I can't get it delivered there since it was prescribed here. So with the pill, that would have been so much easier. Also, the price for the pill, starts at $149 per month if you're self paying and the injection costs from $199 to $349 per month, so it is cheaper. So there are a bunch of like other attractive things to the pill. They're not just, not having to inject yourself. So deciding between the pill and the shot is totally a personal choice. It's going to have to deal with your lifestyle and what's easier for you or if you want to save money. But if you're looking for best results, there is another drug that's known to win this race. And that's Zepbound. And there are also ways to maximize your results with any GLP-1 that you take. And I'm making a video about that. I'm going to post that somewhere up here. Make sure to check that out. And I also have a video on what's the best place on your body to inject yourself to get 20% more results. I'm going to put that on the end screen. So whenever this video ends, you're going to see it's going to pop up there. And the video about maximizing your results is also going to be there. And if you stayed until the end of this video I would love to know if you would prefer the injection or the pill form and why. I'm definitely team injection, but I'm curious to know what you guys think. Make sure to like and subscribe so you keep getting more content like this, and I'll see you when I learn some new stuff.

- Wegovy 9 Month Update | My Honest review & Weight Loss Results. Semaglutide, GLP1, Real Verdict!: Kind: captions Language: en It's time to do some updates. And today I'm doing weeks 35 through to week 39, which takes us also through to my 9w week update. I can't believe that it has been 9 months. And please hang around because there's a bit of a WTF moment in that week, which is the 9 month point. Unbelievable. So, let's get straight into it. Week 35, which is the 9th of May through to the 15th of May. And I'll do week 35 and week 36 on their own because there's just like some other little bits and pieces to add in there as well. So, week 35, I started off at 70.6 kilos and at the end of the week, I ended at 70 kilos on the dot. So, uh, where are we at with that? That's a loss of 0.6 kilos. And that is a total loss from the beginning to now of 16.1 kilos. Uh I during that week uh how I ended on 70 kilos. I actually had a moment through the week where I weighed in before the end day and I hit 69.9 kilos which just blows my mind to hit into the 60s. So I will pop that picture up as I'm chatting so you can see that even though you know I I ended on 70 doesn't matter. It was still an exciting moment. That also meant that my weight loss as a percentage of you know my total weight the loss was 18.82% at that point which is crazy to think of that percent like 18.82% I hate 2%. It's huge. And I also wanted to mention in my last update, there were quite a few weeks where, you know, it was minimal loss or no loss or yeah, there was quite small even though it was still moving forward across the weeks. But again, I didn't really talk about it a lot, but it was like a little bit of a plateau in one sense. But I think I didn't talk about it as much because again I'm I'm hitting 9 months and I'm not focusing on the numbers as much even though some of the numbers are blowing my mind and I'm still in shock. I'm not focusing on them as much because the exciting thing is I'm not having to think about my weight as much. So my focus isn't on it as much. But I wanted to talk about the fact that I have been being physical. So as I have mentioned a few times, I have joined a soccer team or football team depending where you live in the world. And no, I'm not playing tackle football, soccer, football. Uh and I am trying to increase my uh my stamina for the games and my cardio. So I am doing some jogging and some running and you know training at the field through these weeks and I really do think it has helped you know push through that plateau. Again, the the weight loss probably would have continued anyway, but it also added to how good I am feeling and how good I was feeling in those particular weeks. And so, you know, you never downplay the physical movement and how good it can make you feel with your mental health, but also with getting those numbers moving. So, I just wanted to mention that anyway. And that is sort of continued on through these weeks as well. So then we go on to week 36 which is the 16th of May through to the 22nd of May. And the starting weight was 70 kilos and the end weight was 69.3. So that's 0.7 again. So another really good loss of weight through that week. Uh which took me to 16.8 kilo loss um in that week 36. which is unbelievable. And that actually took me to 19.5% weight loss from my beginning weight, which was 86.1 kilos was my beginning weight. So, it is Yeah. Unbelievable. Week 37, we hit 69.3 kilos in week 37. Sorry, 69.3 was where we started in week 37. Week 38 I was a bit blasze with my weigh-ins. So bear with me with these weeks. So then week 38 I actually finished at 70 kilos. So that was like a step back up. So you know, no weight loss across really week 37 through to week 38. I really like put a little bit of what I'd lost in week 36 back on. But that's okay. We keep moving forward. week 39, which is the huge week. So, week 39 covers uh the six Friday the 6th of June through to Thursday the 12th of June. And that 11th of June date is my 9 months. So, you know, it's really 9 months and one day at 9 months that my ending weight was, are you ready for it? Drum roll, 68.4 4 kilos. 68.4 kilos. What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I didn't warn you. I was going to swear. What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] 68.4 kilos. Total loss. So from the beginning of my starting of taking WGOI medication which was the 11th of September through to now 9 months later 17.7 kilos that is a percentage weight loss of my weight of 20.56 kilos 20. So, more than 20% of my weight has been lost. Wow. I don't want to find it again either. It can bugger off. Sorry, I'm being an idiot because I'm very happy about my figures. So, unbelievable. Super super super happy. Oh, sorry. I'm knocking the camera because of my excitement. Uh, I to be honest, and I say this the whole time along, all of my bigger moments that I'm in shock and I can't believe it. And I'm sure if you've followed me since the beginning, you're probably like, "Oh, here she goes again." But I can't help it. Like, it doesn't matter how many times I hit a particular milestone, that's still in shock. I actually that one as I'm filming this was only last week. So it is like very fresh in my mind when I hit that 68.4 kilos and I still I it's true. Obviously it's true. I know it's true. I know it's a real number, but I actually for real can't believe it. I cannot believe that me Allison at 47 years old has been able to get back under 70 kilos. You know, if you had have told me the that that would happen 12 months ago, I probably would have laughed at you and said, "Yeah, right." As if. Because as I've said so many times, I I couldn't believe that I could lose 10 kilos, let alone I'm at 17.7 kilos. Wow. So, it can be done. You can do it. Anyone can do it. It's not easy. It's not perfect. It's not, you know, some magic drug, even though it is a magic drug, but it's not. You have to be a part of it as well. There are side effects. There are times that you feel like crap. Uh, you know, but push through. It's worth it. It's so worth it. In my opinion, it's worth it. I think about my weight a trillion times less now than what I ever have. And hence why the last few weeks I've didn't have great figures to share with you because I've been forgetting to hop on the scales. Even though I really am trying to only do that once a week mostly because of my YouTube channel and wanting to keep everyone updated. It's not my focus anymore. And that was my whole goal in life. I don't want to spend my life and my brain space thinking about my weight all the time and thinking about how I feel so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and crappy because of it. I wanted to lose weight and get on with my life and it feels like that is exactly what's happening which hey that's you know I could tick tick that box now and and move on. Uh but you know I will continue to do my updates and you know my video a couple of you know a couple of videos ago was is this the end of my WGO journey and you know it is coming. It is definitely coming. I think I've got three injections left in my fridge. And the um the Friday the 13th of June when I should have taken my next injection, I haven't actually taken it. Not on purpose. It's been missed. And I just thought, hey, it's been a few days now. Maybe I will just miss that one week. So that's the first time really that I'm other than when I went on holidays that I'm going to purposefully just skip that week. But yeah, it's coming to an end. I definitely am going to stop taking the injections soon and I don't think for the moment that I will, you know, pay and get another month's worth. Uh, so I will definitely keep doing the updates and let you know how that goes, how I'm feeling, how the food noise goes, uh, do cravings return, uh, what weight am I possibly putting back on, those sorts of things. Uh, I think that's really important as well to talk about the other side. But as I've previously mentioned, I'm also not afraid to go back on to the medication if I need to because it's been so successful for me and my mental health and the way that I feel about myself uh in regards to not having to think about my weight all the time and being able to use my brain on so many other things rather than thinking about that all the time makes it a a million times worth it for me. So, that's sort of a little bit of an update of where things are at. Uh, I thank you as always for following along and for your great messages and comments and letting me know, you know, what new weight loss medications there are out there and and different people have commented different uh weight loss medications that they are trying and where they are up to and that has been awesome. Thank you so much. Please keep commenting those. let me know what you're doing because you know I'm thinking about whether or not even to do some videos on newer medications that are coming along and uh you know the improvements from WGOI and I'm sure that the way things are in this world they will keep improving and they will just keep getting better uh which is a a great thing for society in my opinion that's that's what I think and uh otherwise if you could if you have enjoyed you know listening to my updates and my videos, please pause the video and just hit that subscribe button. It really means a lot. I would love to keep sharing and keep you know this community of support and you know encouraging each other so that weight loss can be a positive thing that we do and we can move on with our lives and be supportive with each other but not have it rule our lives would be really really lovely. So thank you again. It's yeah, I need to shush. You all know me too well by now. I like to rave on, so I need to stop. And thank you for listening, and I'll see you in the next video.

- 5 Things You Should NEVER Do While on Wegovy or Zepbound | Dr Stirrett: Kind: captions Language: en So, if you're using WGOi or Zepbound or any other GLP1 for that matter and you're not seeing the results that you want, or maybe you're just feeling worse, you're not losing weight, then maybe you're making one of these five mistakes that could be sabotaging your progress. I'm Dr. James Stretet. I'm a functional medicine doctor and I specialize in helping people succeed on GLP-1 medications so they don't have to stay on them forever. These medications can be life-changing, but only if you use them the right way. So, let's get into the five things never to do while on a GLP1 medication. And number four is the one that makes people quit early. So, let's jump in. Mistake number one is just trusting that your doctor has your best interest in mind when they say increase your dosage just because it's time to do so without taking anything into account in terms of your actual experience. Your dosage should be customized and it should be based on your response, your labs, and your metabolism, not just a calendar. Take a quick look at this dosage chart real fast. I want to point out that just because our doctors, most of our doctors have been trained to use this chart here, does not make them evil. It does not make them against you. It just means that they're practicing cookie cutter medicine. And what I like to see is more customization for my clients. Here's my beef. Imagine you start here week one at 0.25 milligrams. And you're like, I feel it a little bit. You know, things are going good. You didn't really change much. Your doctor a month later moves you to 0.5 milligrams. And now all of a sudden, hey, I'm starting to feel this medication. It's suppressing my appetite. I got a little nausea, but everything it kind of went away. Now I'm losing weight two maybe three pounds per week. cruising along there through the second month. Let's just say that you go into your doctor, you've been losing weight, and they're like, "Well, hey, it's uh week nine. It's time to increase you to 1 milligram, but you had no side effects, and you were losing weight." My question to you is is why in the world would you increase somebody's dosage at that point? Now, I understand that there are studies that have been done that that that work try to work people towards this higher amount, but if our goal at the end of the day is to reduce somebody's weight by 2, three pounds a week and that's being achieved at this lower level of receptor stimulation by by WGO, then why in the world would we subject them not just a little bit more, but double.5? That makes zero sense. I mean, can you imagine taking any other medication with this approach? This is kind of a crude comparison, but could you imagine saying to somebody, "Hey, you're taking X amount of Vicodin for your pain and your pain is gone, but you know what? This week, just to make sure that pain doesn't come back and you keep being painfree, we're just going to double your dosage." Now, I get it. Vicin's obviously quite addicted and as soon as you stop it, your pain's going to come back. Well, wait a minute. Same thing happens with Wiggoi. The second you stop Wiggoi, you're going to be building a tolerance to this as well. And the more receptor stimulation that you receive, the more difficult it will be to back off this medication. The conversation that I have with many patients, there's two paths forward when it comes to GLP-1 medications. Path number one is trying to get them off the medication entirely. Path number two is staying on low doses of a GLP-1 potentially for the rest of your life for the autoimmune benefits and the anti-inflammatory benefits. Now, I've gotten some criticism on the comments of my videos saying, "Hey, you're just a naturopath. Do you want to get everyone off their medications? Yeah, actually I do want to get everyone off all their medications. We go V included. But there's no judgment by me if you want to stay on this medication long term because it is actually a peptide therapy and it can be incredibly helpful in controlling inflammation and helping from an autoimmune side of things. No matter what your goal is, you probably don't want to stay on 2.4 milligrams of Wiggoi forever. And this is the conversation that I'm having with clients. Maybe we can get you down lower than that and that could be your maintenance dose going forward. So, even if you did work up to 1.7 milligrams or beyond, that's okay. Let's go ahead and try to get the body in a state of repair from an inflammation and insulin standpoint, hormone standpoint where you no longer need to be on the 1.7. Maybe we can get you down back down to 0.5. Maybe we can back down to 0.25 milligrams. Regardless, the higher up you go, the more difficult it is to come back down. Mistake number two is thinking that the medication will replace your lifestyle. Let me say this clearly. Wiggo and Zetbound and other GLP1 medications are awesome, but they do not replace healthy habits. Yes, I mean they will suppress your appetite, but they're not going to teach you how to eat, how to move your body, and ensure that you get a good night's sleep every night. So, if you're still eating inflammatory foods, you're not exercising at all, and you're skipping out on your sleep, so getting less than seven hours of sleep per night, then you're really ensuring that you're going to work your way up that escalation ladder up to that 2.7 awake ov and probably have to stay there for a very long time in order to maintain your weight loss. This is a incredibly expensive band-aid. And I am a big believer that your body can and will repair itself. But you do need to give it the proper environment to do so. Which brings me to mistake number three, which is going to be skipping meals or just simply not eating enough at all. And this one's huge because most people on GLP1's can attest it will kill your appetite at some degree, especially as you're working your way up the ladder. Your appetite will be suppressed at some point where most people's will. And then what happens is is people start cutting their calories. they start skipping meals or eating like 600 calories a day. It's not uncommon at all for me to start working with a client or a patient and have them be under 1,000 calories per day. And that might sound good on paper or you may have done tried crash diets before, but you know, this will slow down your metabolism. It will hurt your energy and it leads to nutrient deficiencies across the board. So, the weight loss that you're experiencing will come at a cost and this can actually cause a plateau for you. There's really a need to eat enough calories, like north of a thousand calories and making sure that you're getting enough protein for most people. Women, make sure that you're getting not getting less than 60 g of protein. Needs to be way more than that. Typically, the benchmark I typically set is 80. Men, please do not get under 100 g of protein per day. The protein is arguably one of the most important along with calories because this is what's going to help you not muscle waste as you go forward. Muscle wasting is something that does occur unfortunately on GLOP1s because people are malnourished. They're not eating enough food. When this happens paired with their typically low activity levels, we start to lose muscles. We start to lose our leg muscles predominantly. And this, if you are over the age of 60, is a huge killer. We do not want this. We really want your legs to be strong. This is why we push walking. Obviously, strength training is incredibly important here, but this is why we're going to push walking. Prioritizing your protein and prioritizing your caloric intake is going to make it way less likely that you lose this muscle to begin with. So, you want to start here. And if you're finding that you're just not hungry at all, it's hard for you to even eat one meal a day, then that is a good sign to talk to your doctor. No hunger at all is overstimulation the receptor and can cause problems and deficiencies down the line. Mistake number four is ignoring digestive symptoms. So, constipation, bloating, nausea, these aren't just annoying side effects. I mean, these are messages from your body that something's off. Now, GLP1s will affect your gut, your liver, your gallbladder, your nervous system. All these systems are tied together. And if they're not working well, this medication is going to backfire on you. So, in my practice, the patients that get the best results are the ones that focus on their gut health and digestion, not just the weight loss. The weight loss is a byproduct. is a downstream symptom, if you will, of correcting what I call the pillar that everything else stands on, your digestion. Now, to treat the constipation, we think of three things, guys. Break it down. One, two, three. One, water intake. Make sure that you're drinking plenty of water on a GLP1. I can't stress that enough. I literally have patients that they don't drink enough water and they're not losing weight. All they do is add water in and they'll start losing weight. You need to be able to flush toxins out of your cells from all those ruptured fat cells. Your body is burning fat. the fat cells are breaking down. They're releasing toxins. You need to flush this out of your body so it doesn't get reabsorbed. Number two, your microbiome, meaning that your gut flora. We have good and bad bacteria. Typically, if you're anyone who's ever taken antibiotics or you've ever gotten food poisoning, a lot of times we can have an imbalance in our gut bacteria and we need to repopulate the good guys. That means a a good quality broadspectctrum probiotic. This will help immensely with constipation. Step number three is the fiber. Obviously on GLP1 ones, everybody talks about fiber now, but it needs to be soluble fiber. It can't be apples. It can't be rice brand cereal. It can't be bread. It needs to be soluble fiber. I like to use psyllium husk fiber. One big tablespoon of that day mixed in water, it tends to be more than enough for most people. If you're using Muralax, I have a lot of patients say, "Oh, I'm using Muralax. I'm good." That is not enough typically to get you the result that you need. Now, if you're constipated and you're on a GOP1, please do not progress to the next dosage until that is resolved. Make sure that you mention this to your doctor before increasing your dosage. And mistake number five is my personal favorite. It's not checking your blood work. Remember this, we cannot treat what we cannot see. When we're treating weight loss and you're losing weight, that's awesome. But what about all the stuff on paper that we can track? What about all the risk factors for cardiovascular disease and insulin resistance and inflammation and hormonal imbalance? These are things that will typically cause weight gain to begin with. If we're not addressing the root cause, then again the WGO or zbound is just a band-aid. So in initially starting in checking functional labs, putting everything on the table, what we like to do is is just say okay, how bad is this? What are the nutrient therapies? What are the supplement therapies? What other medications or hormones need to be on board here so we can help correct this so we just don't keep increasing the wiggoi all the way up to the top of the ladder and leave you on it forever essentially. I like to check things like insulin, full thyroid panel, cortisol, nutrient levels, liver markers, inflammatory markers, all of your hormones, pretty much everything we possibly can in order to establish a good plan for somebody. These are things that you should request from your doctor. And remember, if your body is not optimized, there's no amount of medication that'll make up for it. You need the full picture. Get yourself some labs. Look, you guys, these medications are powerful, but only if you're using them intelligently. If you're making these mistakes, just remember, you're not broken. You just haven't been on the right plan yet. If you want to stop guessing and get yourself a functional medicine-based plan where we're looking at all of your blood work in order to guide care, go ahead and book a call down below to see if it's a good fit working together. Otherwise, go ahead and leave a comment down below if any of this stuff hit home. If you really like this content and you want to see a full lab review of a patient, go ahead and check out this video next.

- MY WEGOVY EXPERIENCE | 1 Year on the MIRACLE Weight Loss Drug (WEGOVY/OZEMPIC/SEMAGLUTIDE): Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hi my name is fck and in this video I'll tell you about my experience of being on W GOI for one year personally I lost5 lb or over 50 kilos on W GOI so it is safe to say that for me it worked however it is not free and it does not come without consequences therefore in this video I'll go over everything from what even is W GOI to dosages usage to the side effects I experiences of course the results and in the end I'll give you my honest maybe surprising opinion about W GOI and I'll tell you if I think it was worth it for me now this is a follow L video so if you haven't seen my other videos about my entire weight loss Journey or how I lost a 100 in less than a year I'll put the videos up here I think then I recommend uh checking those video out and also a quick disclaimer this is of course my personal experiences if uh another person with use woi they might have different results of course also always consult with the doctor if you're considering starting the medication now the first thing I want to talk about is what even is wovi and what is the difference between wovi and other weight loss drugs such as OIC or Monaro which you might also have heard of so w GOI is this pen we go is this pen it is an injection medication so you use it once a week most people I believe use it in the belly that's what I've done but you can also use it in legs or even in your arms or other places possibly but you inject it once a week uh skin it's a tiny needle so the whole purpose of w GOI is to reduce your appetite and increase your feeling of fullness wo contains um what is it called suac tide which is a G P1 receptor antagonist this means that it works the same way as the hormone gp1 which is found naturally in our body so the primary function of this is to slow down the digestion of food and thereby having the food in your system for longer and keeping you full and also to reduce your Cravings therefore this uh drug primarily works by reducing what you consume rather than what you burn so it doesn't uh increase how many calories you burn or your metabolic rate or anything it is simply limiting how much you consume and the difference between wovi and OIC is nothing it is the same product both contains mcde however OIC is marketed towards people who also have diabetes however they work completely the same way Monaro is uh very similar it is however not produced by no Nordisk it is produced by ILY or Eli Lily or and um it basically does the same thing it might even be uh a bit more potent however the same thing for all of them applies which is it is not some miracle drug that will just make it so you lose weight no matter what you consume if you're in a celery sorry if you're in a calorie Surplus so if you consume more than you burn you will still gain weight so it isn't a magic cat that allows you to eat only candy go and ice cream you still have to eat and be conscious about what you can Cheo however it greatly uh helps you to regulate how much you consume and what you want to consume now as I've mentioned woi is injection medication so you use it once a week the recommended started starting dosage is .25 Mill then you can increase 2.5 then to 1 then to 1.7 and then to 2.4 which is the highest dosage and you will be on each dosage for 4 weeks before increasing I was however never on the highest dosage of 2.4 I um was between .5 and 1 MGR for the majority of the period that was when I have the perfect effect of being able to still eat and have a minimal side effects there were a few times however where I did increase the dosage to 1.7 mg however in Denmark at least you can buy extra needles so if I bought the 1.7 pin and I after a week or two thought that the dosage was too high I could just split up the remainder into smaller dosages and regarding the cost I think this this will VAR greatly depending on where you live personally I paid around $200 a month for the medication some period it was lower and some period it was higher now regarding the side effects of w GOI I definitely think I was lucky because I didn't experience any severe side effects however I definitely didn't go totally free regarding the side effects I think one of the main side effects I experienced was the feeling of uh just being nauseous and having stomach ache this happened quite a few times uh however after a little time I found out that it was often connected with what I ate or when I ate so I began on W GOI a couple of weeks before Christmas and as we were nearing Christmas I was starting to eat more fatty foods and bigger meals that definitely didn't help uh my stomach started to hurt a lot I also noticed that if I ate a lot of C your ice cream especially ice cream my stomach would also hurt very much and then also notic kind of funny thing that if I ate too close to bedtime I would wake up the next morning and really have a lot of stomach ache at least in the first 45 minutes or an hour so I started to try to not eat that close to my bedtime but to have my last like real meal at least a couple of hours before I knew I was going to bed also if I ate past my feeling of fullness I would definitely get stomach ache uh the funny thing with the w GOI was that it kind of made it so I would just hit a a point when I was eating that I could couldn't eat no more but if I ate past that I would feel very bad often in the mornings I would also for the first 30 minutes just have light stomach ache even if I hadn't eaten that close to bedtime uh it would be a lot worse if I had eaten and then gone to bed straight over after but even if I hadn't been that close to bedtime I would still sometimes wake up and have a bit of stomach cake also one thing that I found and I don't think it was necessarily the the worst thing but I I couldn't consume alcohol at all if I just had one or two beers my stomach would be completely destroyed the next day that was the worst thing I could consume that was alcohol but I just told my friends that hey I'm on wobi and I can't consume or I can't drink anything maybe sometimes I could drink one beer and it wouldn't be that bad but uh alcohol was a big note for me with wigi I also experienced one of the absolute most disgusting things I've ever tried which was egg burps which was literally for a period of time we would just have these burps which came with like a thick disgusting you could almost taste the smell of the burp that was like old rotten eggs or like sewage or something and it was the most disgusting thing ever I've never experienced it before it was awful and it was often connected with me not having had enough to drink for the day which also was kind of a funny side effect that in the beginning I had to remember to drink because not only was I not hungry but I also wasn't thirsty so if I forgot to drink I would become dehydrated however I also found that if I consumed or if I drank too much in one sitting I would throw it up because because I couldn't handle that much so if I were to have a protein shake and like a creatine mix which was about a liter in total I would throw up because I couldn't drink both so I had to like drink one and then wait 20 30 minutes and then drink the other that was absurd so I had to remember to drink because I wasn't thirsty but I couldn't drink too much because then I would throw up so it was kind of difficult to balance and indirect side effect was also my energy levels I felt like I had more stable energy but my energy would quickly disappear which was also naturally happening as I didn't consume nearly as many calories and as food is energy I didn't have that much energy but as I didn't have that much weight to move around I would also not use that much energy so it was kind of a funny balance but I think one of the worst side effects I felt was when I trained hard in the gym I would just feel ill sometimes I would throw up or almost be at the point where if I didn't quit the training session I would throw up and that was especially when I trained hard if I was doing some compounds lifts with some high weights I I would just get to a point where I would start to be nauseous and I have this feeling of having to throw up so I'll have to quit the set and that made it kind of difficult to achieve my training goals along with my fat loss goals but all in all I would say most days uh it didn't bother me or didn't bother me that much it at least never bothered me enough to the point that I was considering quitting I never considered quitting W GOI I would just simply increase or decrease the uh dosage I was on depending on if I was having too many side effects I was decreased dosage and if I felt like the effect was kind of Disappearing I would increase the dosage a bit so I would just kind of go up and down as I was feeling and I will say that this was just based on a weekly uh feeling most weeks I would have either the this is the 1 migr pin or would have the 1.7 mgram pin so I would could adjust both pretty easily they can last for up to 6 weeks after they've been opened so you have some wiggle room now regarding the results and what my status is now I dropped around 115 lb or around 50 kilos and actually only 10 months so the pictures you can see on screen right now are my before and after pictures uh I hope you also think that there is quite a difference between the two pictures and as mentioned before if you haven't seen my journey of getting from this to this then I'll recommend checking out my other videos I'll also soon upload a another video with a complete time lapse and one going over my detailed World loss data of how much I lost and when but I in general I would say that my weight loss was pretty consistent I definitely lost a bit more in the beginning where I had a lot more to lose and then towards the end I would have a more difficult time but generally I just lost around a kilo and a half like 2 to 3 lbs uh each week and one thing I started to notice was that the effect of the medication itself would wor off so I've been on this 1 mgram dosage for a little over half a year consistently 1 mg and that's been uh great for me because the effect is by itself slowly wearing off so right now I'm at a very good place where I have this feeling of fullness which I have never had before uh my biggest strugle was always that I could just eat and eat and eat and I would never have this feeling of being full so I would never stop eating until that they're pretty much white any food now I have this feeling of being full and I can stop and I can be satisfied the part about regulating my crays is completely gone I would say it the only thing it does for me now is that it gives me the feeling of being full and that's enough for me so right now I can eat like a a healthy amount of food I can get the protein I need for the weight loss goals or the strength training goals that I have and at the same time it feels easy because I have the feeling of fullness I of course think that soon I will try to quit W GOI completely but as of now I think I'm just at a great place it is of course still costing me around $200 a month so if I could quit that would be great uh but I think it was definitely worth it and I've said everyone I've talked uh to about go that I would pay five times the the price of the medication because I just think that this was the key to finally helping me succeed and this brings me to the last point of the video which is if I think that W GOI was worth it for me and as I've kind of alluded to uh I definitely think that woi was worth it for me I think this was the missing key that I always needed the feeling of being full a complete game changer for me of course there were a lot of side effects but even if I knew of all the side effects and if even if they were worse I would still have done it because it finally helped me achieve my goals and now I can uh just build some healthy habits and stay at the level that I'm at the the hardest part is is getting here and then maintaining it is of course a lot easier because you don't have to be in the deficit calorie deficit to lose the weight you can just be maintaining it but of course uh W GOI isn't necessary to lose weight people have lost weight before this medication came out but a lot of people like myself has also tried and failed many times uh and this helped me to finally achieve my goals because I physically couldn't eat more food and I for the majority of the period I didn't want to eat the unhealthy things that I knew I shouldn't eat which was also a key contributor so I would definitely say that I'm happy that the side effects are also slowly disappearing as the effect I feel now is slowly being reduced just by every time I take the injection I also feel like the side effects are wearing off so right now I am pretty much side effect free sometimes I still struggle with uh if I drink some alcohol that I get a bit of upset stomach and that if I eat past the point of being full I also feel ill but most of the time I feel good my training sessions are great and most mornings I wake up and I feel completely fine still if I eat and then go straight to bed I can wake up and feel bad or just feel completely off and Ill but uh that's for like half an hour and then I'm good so I think now I'm just um I'm also just used to the few side effects I have but I'm of course looking forward to not having any side effects and then hopefully just having built some sustainable habits so if you have any questions or topics you would like me to cover then of course please just ask it down in the comments otherwise I hope you enjoyed the video and if you did I would really appreciate it if you would like it and uh subscribe to the channel if you want to stay updated with the future videos I'll post very soon then go check out the other videos I've made uh maybe I'll put them here and then subscribe uh so you can get notified uh when I post new videos I try to post a video every week so far I think I've achieved it pretty good so uh see out thank you for watching

- WEGOVY UPDATE: 8 foods that helped me lose 20 pounds in 1.5 months!: Kind: captions Language: en foreign award here so I just wanted to take you on a trip with me to the grocery store so that you could see all of the things that I tend to eat on a weekly basis a lot of the things that I get I normally get from Costco but I realize that some of you might not have a Costco near you or might not have a membership there so I decided that I was going to go to just a regular old grocery store and just walk you through the aisles and show you what I tend to get and buy and eat uh daily so these this is just for like Staples and these have been my Staples since the very very beginning I saw my nutritionist and my endocrinologist both this week and if you recall with last week things were kind of up in the air because I had stalled I was at a plateau and I didn't know if I was going to continue on with the shots that I'd been already taking or if I was going to move up to the point five dosage my nutritionist basically was like okay you're not eating enough calories and stop weighing yourself because that is not going to help you at all she said what a lot of you said in the comments of my last video basically like you know some weeks are different than others my endocrinologist advised that I do move up to the 0.5 dosage he said that since the beginning of my going to see him which was let's just say January 1st I went to I started going to see him because I saw him literally like the day before New Year's Eve so we'll just say January 1st he said since January 1st I have lost 23 pounds so if you remember in some of my previous videos which if you've not watched them please watch them I'll put a link in this video to where you can watch them but in some of my previous videos I mentioned I had lost weight in my first weeks of going to see the endocrinologist who ultimately would be the one that prescribed me to wigovi so I had already began to lose some weight on with Govi I'm still at a 19 pound weight loss and my my total weight loss thus far is 23 pounds and thank you all for the comments on the last video I heard everything that you guys said and I really really really appreciate and so value the information that you guys share in the comments section of these videos it's almost like just as good as the actual video information please read the comments below because the topics that I'm talking about people are chiming in people who've been on this medication orozepic or Manjaro like people who've been on these medications for way longer than me are chiming in and they have commentary in these in these videos below so make sure if you're going to review my videos read the comments but thank you all for your Insight so far you were all right in the comments saying oh if you haven't reacted yet and if you haven't had any bad reactions you're not going to have a reaction so far I took the shot on Wednesday it is now Friday I'm two days in on the 0.5 dosage and I'm fine I'm still at a plateau I still haven't lost any weight in about um a week and a half you know this fall following Monday will be the two-week anniversary of my lull or my Plateau for one day there I did like gain weight but then the next day I lost it and I didn't even poop to lose it I just I don't know what happened I just it was there and then it wasn't so anyway yeah let's go to the grocery store you me and my daughter are gonna just go through the aisles I'll show you the key things that I think are so important to my weight loss thus far and I'm also going to walk you through how to use the my plate app which is essential to my accountability every day for what I'm putting into my body so come on let's go okay my air what color cart do you want to get my red is that your favorite color because God forbid we go shopping without the race car you know fire engine cart and of course they only have pink uh [Music] so the very first thing that I'm gonna pick up is berries I love berries and you can see in the my plate app that raspberries and blueberries are only one calorie each so I'll eat like 20 blueberries for breakfast and that'll be pretty filling now blackberries on the other hand are three calories each so I tend to eat way less you enjoy your free Clementine it's yummy okay we definitely did sanitize your hands before you started eating and the rule is you can't touch the steering wheels while you're eating right okay so next up is hummus now like I said I normally get this from Costco in these little teeny tiny jars and they're very filling but a great source of protein and 170 calories so it's a lot next up is ground flaxseed and it's very important that you get ground I put this in my yogurt and it's a source of fiber that'll help you go potty because constipation is an issue so next speaking of constipation being an issue make sure that you get Fiber One now I couldn't find Fiber One so I found all brand and it's very similar but it's 120 calories for 2 3 cup where Fiber One is only 90 calories so get the Fiber One so the Premier Protein protein shakes I've replaced milk with it and I'll put it in my coffee to get some protein in the morning with my coffee also I'll put it in my cereal it makes the cereal sweeter and it's easier to take down liquid protein especially if you're struggling with nausea it's a must-have I drink a bottle every single day liquid IV is a lifesaver it helps with electrolytes that keep you from being nauseous so important super important that you take your vitamins B12 is for energy and with wagovi you can get tired so I take B12 first thing in the morning and I also take a Women's Multivitamin because you need the nutrients because you're not eating as much it's important to get gummies because you can digest them even if you're nauseous okay so it's an incredibly busy day at the supermarket today and that is pretty embarrassing because I'm walking around with a camera and a selfie stick so I'm not going to put myself on this film very much today because I am pretty embarrassed I'm hiding out in like the Cosmetic section because nobody's here just to tell you very briefly that it's crowded and like the parking lot was so full that I could barely get in so I already knew oh God there's going to be a lot of people here and I'm gonna look like a jerk lingering around the aisles but I hope that this is working out and that you're seeing the footage um and the items that I buy so yeah that's this is the last you'll see of me in the grocery store bye mayor say bye one of my most favorite things and I never Tire of it I'm not going to pronounce this because I have no idea how to pronounce it but it is like the best yogurt and unfortunately on the my plate app it rings up as 100 calories but as you can see on the packaging it says 90 calories so thankfully you can adjust it to 90 calories in the app and last but most certainly not least is the Incredible Edible Egg y'all okay you've got to keep hard-boiled eggs in your house or scramble them whatever you want but I keep them hard-boiled just in case I need a quick source of protein I eat at least one egg one boiled egg every single day can never go wrong with a boiled egg okay guys so I just got back from grocery shopping and it is a Friday afternoon I don't know why I decided to do this on a Friday afternoon I couldn't even find a parking spot so that was my first indication that it was going to be crazy inside of the supermarket and walking around with a camera attached to my cart and thinking boom again people are gonna think I'm filming them and they're children and I'm some type of weirdo but that's pretty much it those are the Staples that I'm buying and I'm eating every single day with the exception of like the hummus the hummus is a lot of calories so sometimes that's just like my lunch period my meals switch up but as far as Staples that get eaten almost every day these are it what's something that you like to eat every day that's keeping you on track and in your calorie deficit allowing you to lose weight comment below I want to read your comments and the things that are keeping you on track like I said in the beginning of this video it's so important to read the comments of these videos because it's just like a wealth of knowledge down there also what more kind of content can I share with you I'd love to continue this journey with you but I don't want to bore you so let me know what you want to see oh and something that I did forget to tell you something that was pretty um informative when I went to see my nutritionist this week at this point she's a super nice lady but I don't need to go to her as frequently you know the one tidbit that I really did walk away from was that when you're looking at the MyPlate app she was saying that the only thing that I should be focusing on is the calories consumed because as you walk throughout the day and say you go and exercise in the day it begins to give you calories back so because you're exerting energy it's telling you that you can eat more but she said to only focus on the calories consumed so that I really stay in the calorie deficit I didn't ask her to elaborate I would imagine if I were like rigorously exercising I would probably need to eat more but as for now I'm just gonna stick with the calories that I woke up with um and the system will determine how many calories you should be eating by your age your weight your goal weight and if you're weighing yourself and you have a scale that will link into the system it knows how much you weigh and it'll act accordingly with how many calories it's going to give you as I lose weight I get less and less calories a day but from here on out I'm not going to pay attention to how many calories I can eat but rather how many calories I've already consumed subtract that from the number that I was given at the very start of the day and that's how I know what I have left to consume to stay within the calorie deficit that I need to be in to lose weight hope that made sense anyway please don't forget to like this video subscribe if you have not already and share this video with your friends please if you're benefiting from this then um I would love it if you would share it with somebody who is thinking about going on bulgovio zempik Manjaro so far so good I am still at the plateau but we'll see what next week brings my big event is next week too by the way so anyway guys thank you so much for watching and I'll see you right back here really soon bye-bye

- Wegovy: 3 Secrets That Kept 140 lbs Off: Kind: captions Language: en Hey friends, welcome back to my channel. If you're new here, I am Melissa Masulo. I am your new fitness bestie. Today we're going to talk about what happens after the weight loss journey is over. Especially with all these GLP and one medications I have taken. A lot of the fears that people have are okay we know that this drug works but what happens if and when I stop taking this medication. You've seen the stories right? You've seen people talk about how as soon as you stop the shot the weight's going to come back on and you better figure it out because it's not going to be a cure all. And they're right. It's not a magic drug. The point of WGOI is to be used as a tool. It is to help you while you make major lifestyle changes. And we know these drugs work, right? I took WGOI and it helped me in my journey of losing weight and it helped me lose over 140 pounds and keep it off since 2022. Today I want to share with you the three pillars that helped me keep the weight off and helped me create a life that I really love. So this video is not what I did to lose the weight. That's another video. This video is what I did to keep it off. So pillar one is the mental reset. The first pillar isn't about food or exercise. It is about your mind. One of the greatest gifts that Regoi had given me was the elimination of what many people call food noise. the constant chatter of cravings. What am I gonna eat next? I'm starving. I need to eat. >> Lay off me. I'm starving. >> And then and then giving into those cravings and then having guilt and then the cycle was continuing. We all knew that. When that noise quieted down, it gave me the ability to make better choices about my food. Instead of chasing a craving, I was just fueling my body. Um, I learned to eat with intention and not compulsion. You can't diet and expect to do that for the rest of your life. You have to really make sustainable changes so that it doesn't feel like a diet or it won't be a diet um for you long term. This will just be a lifestyle change. Why I would prioritize protein, nutrient-dense whole foods wasn't because I'm on a diet, right? It's because my body feels best when I eat these foods. TLDDR. You use the time that you're on Moi to learn how to eat properly without having all those things chirping in your ear like I want a Burger King, I want a Taco Bell, I want this, I want that. So when that noise quiets down, have the ability to see food for what it is. It's a fuel and then you make better decisions surrounding that. I had to figure out a way to have a permanently peaceful relationship with food and prioritizing ones that made me feel good inside it and out. Pillar number two is our joyful movement rule. I've covered this before in another video, but this one I think is crucial. It's worth mentioning again. You cannot see exercise as a punishment or something that you have to do. You have to find something that you truly love to do, that makes you feel good, that you look forward to do. Otherwise, it's not going to work long term. So, the rule for me had to be this has this movement has to give me joy. Whether it was my Pelaton bike and doing really fun classes, whether it was doing classes with my friends virtually during the pandemic on Zooms, whether it was later on doing fitness [clears throat] classes with my friends in classes IRL, whatever it was, I had to make sure that I was enjoying it because gave me something to look forward to and it didn't feel like a punishment. Another big piece of movement with joy is spending time outside. I know this is crazy coming from a girl from Queens, but when I moved to New Jersey, baby, the trees and the grass, baby, couldn't believe it. Um, couldn't believe what a peaceful I couldn't believe what a peaceful nature it brings to ma as well. So, that's why my routine is a mix of being outside, going to workout classes with friends, and connecting in nature because those are all things that make me feel good and they bring me joy. So, this isn't about running on the treadmill for hours because you think that you have to. This is about finding pockets of your day where you're able to focus on movement and enjoy because if you love it, you will do it for life. My third pillar is that this is not a quick fix. Back, I know that if I have treated WGO as a quick fix, I would have definitely have gained that weight back plus by now. The real victory isn't the weight on the scale. For me, the victory was building a lifestyle that I had always really wanted for myself. It's my peace of mind around food, my choices, my workouts, where I find my joy in my day, and and honestly, the strength that I feel every single day seeing changes in your body and seeing you being able to lift up a weight that you couldn't do a couple weeks prior with ease. Like, that that's the that's that is it, baby. That is the feelings that you can't get from anywhere else. So this journey is about creating life and making choices that are so healthy and so joyful that it makes this maintenance phase feel like you're not in a phase at all, like you're just living your life. It will weight maintenance will just become a natural result from you staying consistent with your in your routines. So for me, the GLP1 medication was a catalyst, but the longevity comes from the life that you create while you're on that drug and to create a better relationship with yourself. So let me hear what's your biggest fear about weight gain. Tell me in the comments or tell me what's the one habit that you've put into your routine that you know that you're going to keep for life. I know mine is going to be getting outside as often as I can. So, if you're ready to build your life with strength and joy, make sure you hit that subscribe button and the like button so that I know that you are looking for videos just like this. Thanks so much for watching. See you guys in the next one. La TLDDR la TL TLDDR are.

- Ozempic is a game-changer. Here’s how it works.: Kind: captions Language: en This is a Ozempic. It's a drug approved by the FDA to manage type 2 diabetes. Maybe you've heard the jingle. [singing] “Oh, oh, oh Ozempic.” Or maybe you've seen Ozempic in the news recently for another reason. [overlapping] “Weight loss...” “... weight loss...” “Easy weight loss.” “Miracle Diet Drug.” “Miracle weight loss drug.” And it's true. Ozempic was designed to help people manage their blood sugar... but it's also proven to help people lose weight. My doctor was like “This is mainly for blood sugar management.” “But as a side effects like you will lose weight.” When I started to notice that, like in the first month or so had dropped 10 pounds, like nothing. I was like, “There's something to this.” And once you learn why it works you'll understand how this drug could completely change the way we approach weight loss. According to the latest data from the National Institutes of Health around 42% of adults in the US are currently categorized as obese. The CDC's list of health risks associated with obesity include heart disease, stroke, and type 2 diabetes... diseases that rank among the leading causes of premature death worldwide. Not everyone living with type 2 diabetes is considered obese but the two are closely linked. In fact, one of the leading recommendations for managing type 2 diabetes is weight loss. Even like a small amount of weight reduction for people with diabetes can help blood sugar management. I'm Mila Clarke. I'm 33 years old and I have a type of diabetes called latent autoimmune diabetes in adults. I reached out to Mila because she runs a YouTube channel... Hangry Woman, where she makes videos about living a healthy life with diabetes. The thing that I wish that people understood more is how difficult it is to live with both diabetes and obesity. She's also documented her experience with Ozempic. It has always been really hard for me to lose weight despite diet and exercise and paying attention to lifestyle habits. For a long time, doctors have had mixed views on how to make weight loss more accessible... to help people lower their risk for illnesses like type 2 diabetes. One option is weight loss medication. Historically, weight loss drugs have been associated with dangerous side effects and have been pulled from the market. Metabolic bariatric surgery is extremely effective for weight loss but it requires dramatic lifestyle changes that can be challenging to maintain. But with new diabetes drugs like Ozempic... scientists have a safe and effective tool for weight loss... and it's based on something that's inside our bodies and already: Hormones. Hormones are the body's messengers running from one place to another prompting certain cells into action. When we eat our bodies produce a bunch of hormones to aid in the process of digestion. One of them is GLP-1: the hormone that tells us when we're full. This is a sequence of amino acids that make it up. And this is Semaglutide, the generic name for Ozempic. It's made to mimic GLP-1. Here's why. When food enters your stomach and begins to work its way through the digestive system... your body releases GLP-1 in the intestine. There are receptors for GLP-1 in cells all throughout the body that serve different functions when triggered by the hormone. In the pancreas, GLP-1 receptors promote the production of insulin the hormone that lowers blood sugar levels and suppress the production of glucagon the hormone that raises blood sugar levels. This is important for people with type 2 diabetes whose bodies are insulin resistant and produce very little insulin of their own. Synthetic insulin is a critical treatment for blood sugar management. And semaglutide makes the insulin you do have whether it's produced naturally or synthetically work better in your body. Losing excess fat can also help you become more insulin sensitive. That's where GLP-1’s next receptor comes in. In the stomach, GLP-1 receptors slow gastric emptying... which means food doesn't move through the digestive system as quickly and you stay fuller for longer. It slows the digestion of your food which overall helps with blood sugar spikes and it helps you feel fuller for longer so you don't eat as much. And maybe most importantly, at least in regard to weight loss there are GLP-1 receptors in the brain... particularly in the hypothalamus that suppress hunger cravings. That fuller satiety feeling for longer is really helpful. The digestive system is designed to do all of this naturally but GLP-1 based medications are made to amplify the hormone’s numerous health effects. And it works. A major clinical trial of semaglutide in adults showed an average weight reduction of around 15% when paired with an adjusted diet and exercise routine compared to a placebo group, which demonstrated a little over 2% weight reduction. That level of effectiveness rivals the results of metabolic bariatric surgery. And the fact that I was able to take a once weekly injection and then all of a sudden like the pounds just like dropped off I was like, “This is wild to me.” These drugs aren't without side effects the most common being nausea gastrointestinal effects like diarrhea. Mila initially stopped taking Ozempic because of a side effect that gave her heart palpitations. But she's back on it now. And so far, so good. My blood sugars are great. I'm having an easier time losing weight and I've amped up my exercise and being outdoors and hiking and running and walking. And you still have to do all of the other things that everyone has to do to be able to lose weight. It just makes it a little bit easier. But it's helping me so much with my diabetes management. The number of prescriptions of Semaglutide has risen dramatically since becoming available in late 2017. And in 2021, the FDA approved Semaglutide to be prescribed at a higher dose for weight management specifically branded under the name Wegovy. It was big news and led to this drug getting a lot of attention sort of all at once. The messaging started to center more around weight loss than it did diabetes which is unfortunate for people with diabetes and people living with obesity. There are these two groups of people who really need this drug for health purposes but it's being trivialized and kind of looked at as like “Oh, this is an easy weight loss solution.” There are solutions in place now to deal with the sudden high demand for these drugs for people who need them. Mounjaro, another medication developed specifically for type 2 diabetes is currently being fast tracked for approval by the FDA to be prescribed for weight loss too. Now that Ozempic’s notoriety helps Semaglutide go mainstream it and drugs like it will only become more commonly prescribed for weight management. It's not as simple as “Take this injection and you won't be living with obesity anymore.” or “You'll reverse your diabetes.” But as a community we get really excited to see innovations happen and tools that can make our lives a little easier and that can cause less diabetes burn out... and helps you think about diabetes less. It's one of those things that I think... all of us want to protect at all costs.

- What Ozempic & Weight Loss Drugs Really Do to the Body: Kind: captions Language: en recently I was asked by another Creator to promote their YouTube channel on medications called glp1 receptor agonis now you may know glp1 receptor agonists by names like OIC wovi or semaglutide and these medications continue to get a ton of attention for their use in weight loss and for a valid reason they work they actually do result in weight loss but there is much more to these medications that is important for people to understand besides just the end result of weight loss now I ultimately decided to pass on promoting this other channel but during this process and because of requests from our audience I thought it was finally time for us to create our own video that goes into the details of how these medications really work their effectiveness but also their potential short and long-term side effects and more importantly how people are really choosing to apply them to weight loss like should everyone that is overweight consider using one of these medications for weight loss or do you need to be much more selective about who should consider using them well today we're going to find out I'm Jonathan benan with the Institute of human anatomy and we're about to jump into some anatomical and physiological awesomeness so first let's make sense of some of the names and then we can get into how the drug Works side effects and who may want to consider taking it OIC and wavi are different brand names for the same injectable drug semaglutide OIC is the lower dose version of semaglutide that has been FDA approved for type 2 diabetes whereas wovi is the higher dose version of semaglutide that has been FDA approved for weight loss so essentially both are semaglutide at different Doses and approv for different uses but the important part of our discussion is that semaglutide belongs to a class of drugs called glucagonlike peptide 1 receptor Agonist or just simply referred to as glp1 receptor agonis and there are multiple glp1 receptor Agonist out there it's just that semaglutide is one of the more wellknown ones but a receptor Agonist is a drug that binds to certain cellular receptors throughout the body and when it binds to these cellular receptors it mimics the effects of a substance that is naturally produced by the body and based on the name of these drugs glucagonlike peptide 1 receptor agonists it's probably not going to shock you that our body naturally produces the hormone glucagon like peptide 1 or just glp1 so just to be clear we have the drug the glp1 receptor Agonist mimicking the naturally occurring gp1 but this naturally occurring hormone gp1 is produced by cells called L cells that are found in the intestine as well as produced by neurons within the nucleus of the tractus solitarius that name isn't the most important part of this video but it's kind of fun to say however what is important is that this nucleus of the tractus solitarius is located within the medulla oblongata of the brain stem which is important because these drugs will affect the brain but the take-home message is glp1 is naturally produced and secreted by cells in your intestin and in the brain stem in response to food or in other words when food enters your gut and this hormone does a few important things first glp1 has an effect on the pancreas which you can see here just behind the stomach and it has an effect on two hormones that the pancreas secretes insulin and glucagon now insulin you have likely heard about an insulin decreases blood sugar or what we refer to as blood glucose levels but again blood glucose levels go down when insulin is released whereas glucagon has an opposing effect to insulin glucagon tells your liver to release stored glucose into the bloodstream during times between meals or when you haven't eaten for an extended period of time so glucagon causes blood glucose levels to go up but go1 stimulates the pancreas to release insulin while inhibiting the release of glucose gon so therefore gp1 has an overall effect of lowering blood glucose levels after a mill glp1 also slows gastric emptying in gut motility so food stays in your stomach longer which helps you feel full longer it also acts on the brain to reduce appetite so now that we know how the naturally produced glp1 works we can understand what the drug the glp1 receptor Agonist is trying to accomplish it's going to mimic the effects of the naturally produced glp1 which as we just learned was decreasing blood glucose levels slowing gastric emptying and even suppressing appetite in the brain but mimic is probably too soft of a word because these drugs actually enhance the effects of the naturally produced glp1 because here's the thing about the natural glp1 that's produced in your body it doesn't last very long in your bloodstream or in other words it has a very short half-life if you haven't heard of halflife before it's just referring to the time it takes for the concentration of a substance or chemical to decrease by half and the halflife of the glp1 produced by your body is about 1 to 2 minutes but one of the design characteristics that the pharmaceutical companies were trying to incorporate into these glp1 receptor Agonist drugs was to increase their Half-Life so that they would last longer in the bloodstream and they did it for example the halflife of semaglutide is about one week so going from 1 to 2 hours to one week is quite the dramatic change and this obviously will cause a more enhanced or longer effect of lowering blood glucose levels slowing gastric Ting and suppressing appetite so you can probably start to see how glp1 receptor Agonist such as semaglutide could be utilized for something like type 2 diabetes and this is originally what semaglutide branded as OIC was developed for because as we know those with type 2 diabetes will have elevated blood glucose levels and this drug was an effective tool to help bring those levels down but they also noticed that people were often losing weight on these drugs and this can be attributed to the Drug's ability to slow gastric emptying making someone feel full longer and the effect on the brain to reduce appetite both of which were causing people to eat less and So eventually something like semaglutide was branded at a higher dose as we GOI and this was eventually approved by the FDA for weight loss and there has also been other newer gp1 receptor Agonist approved for weight loss and there's tons of research in other Pharmaceutical compan companies trying to develop newer better forms of these glp1 receptor Agonist but studies were also showing that some of these glp1 receptor agonists were also reducing the risk of cardiovascular related events like a stroke or heart attack in people that already had a pre-existing cardiovascular condition now the exact reason as to why these medications can potentially reduce cardiovascular risk in some people is still being investigated but some of the going theories are that possibly reducing blood glucose levels was contributing to this or could it be from the weight loss because as people tend to lose high amounts of adapost tissue their cardiovascular risk also goes down or was it a combination plus there's also some evidence to support that these medications reduce inflammation within the cardiovascular system either way there seems to be this additional cardiovascular benefit in people that had pre-existing cardiovascular conditions so what's the catch you've got these medications that can help with diabetes help you lose as much as 15% of your body weight and now there's potentially cardiovascular benefits for some populations of people why wouldn't everyone that wants to lose weight take these medications well every medication comes at a cost a literal Financial cost which will find out in just a second is a steep one as well as a side effect cost the most common side effects of these medications are GI related side effects the most common of those being nausea but other common GI side effects include vomiting diarrhea or constipation bloating and abdominal pain and many of these can be attributed to the slowing of gastric empting now when people first get on one of these medications they are actually supposed to start at a lower dose and then gradually increase until they get to their maintenance dose and many people will often notice that these side effects can lessen over time While others may not be as lucky but people have also experienced fatigue headaches and some of the more serious side effects now I should say that these more serious side effects are relatively uncommon but still worth mentioning pancreatitis is a potential side effect the mechanism of how this occurs is not totally well understood but it is thought that due to glp1 receptor agonis stimulating the pancreas it could potentially cause an overgrowth of some of the pancreatic cells which could then block the ducts of the pancreas leading to a backup of pancreatic juices resulting in inflammation gallbladder issues are another concern is there may be a link between glp1 drugs and gall stones possibly possibly due to the rapid weight loss and or decreased gallbladder empting now during initial drug development there was a concern for increasing the risk of thyroid cancer however this was shown in rodent studies and this has not yet been shown to be the case in humans the last side effect I'll mention isn't serious in the way of it creating an acute condition like pancreatitis but it is still a serious consideration especially in the older patient and that is that the large amount of weight loss that comes from these medications isn't just from fat some of the weight loss can also come from muscle and that also comes with a loss of absolute strength and we are going to discuss this more and how to potentially mitigate some of this muscle loss when we talk about who may want to consider using this medication versus who should avoid it but first let's talk about your wallet OIC and wovi for example are not cheap and can be over $1,000 a month without insurance part of why it is so pricey is one these drugs are in high demand and two brand named drugs are more expensive now some have been able to get around the extra cost of branding by getting semaglutide at the equivalent dose through a compounding pharmacy but you need to be careful with compounding pharmacies especially the online ones there are definitely compounding pharmacies that are legit but others again especially some of those online ones can be a bit Shady so definitely some vetting needs to take place if some people are going to choose to go the compounding route now if you have decent Insurance then much of that cost could be covered but obviously that depends on your particular plan and finally who should consider taking these glp1 receptor agonists and who should consider avoiding them and at this point I'm referring to using them for weight loss because for managing type 2 diabetes they definitely can be an effective option as gp1 receptor agonis have been used effectively for type 2 diabetes since the early 2000s now you can improve type 2 diabetes with diet and exercise but you can take a look at that in our type 2 diabetes video that we did earlier and I'll link that at the end of this video but as we address these questions I do need to quickly admit my bias here I'm a bit of a purist and what I mean by that is I personally don't like the idea of needing to take or rely on a medication indefinitely now that doesn't mean I wouldn't ever and it doesn't mean that I don't take something like ibuprofen or Tylenol for the occasional aches and pains or even an antibiotic if needed or even some select supplements it just means that if I can achieve the same Health outcome whether it's lowering my blood pressure improving my cholesterol or losing weight through lifestyle modifications such as diet and exercise I'm almost always going to start there before going to a medication but I also understand that not everyone has that view and so with my patients that have a health condition or health concern I'll present them with multiple options lifestyle modifications only like diet and exercise versus medications versus a combination of the two and of course this depends on what health concern or health condition we're talking about but when it comes to using these medications for weight weight loss the interesting thing is when you look at the medical literature on how to properly use these medications it pretty much says that when using these medications for weight loss they should also be paired with diet and exercise and so if you are going to use these medications exactly as intended you're going to be modifying your diet and exercise anyway so if we have someone that is overweight or obese and they want to lose some weight and if this person has never really consistently exercised or modified their diet I I would ask what if we started there first meaning what if we started with diet and exercise prior to medications and see how your body responds and there are some people that this works well for there are some people that just hit the ground running and they start shedding the pounds without needing to add a medication that has potential side effects but we also need to acknowledge that there are people that may struggle with this yes there are those that just don't follow through with their diet and exercise plan but there are others that remain dedicated and still find it difficult to lose weight for whatever reason maybe it's their genetics or maybe they have an injury or other condition that makes exercise more difficult and in these situations you could consider adding a glp1 receptor Agonist because at this point we are weighing the risk factors or long-term Health consequences of remaining overweight versus short and long-term side effects of the medication and if the risk to the person's health of staying overweight is greater than the risk of taking the medication than the medications may be an appropriate option now the reality is that most people's diets get modified just by simply taking these medications at least from the standpoint that they just start eating less because of the appetite suppression and decreased gastric empting but the food that is eaten should be from high quality sources and there needs to be a focus on protein intake and don't forget the strength training because remember earlier I mentioned that some of the weight loss can come from losing muscle so one of ways to help mitigate the muscle loss is through getting enough protein in the food that you're eating plus providing a strong enough stimulus through resistance training to help maintain as much muscle as possible because again if someone just takes one of these medications and does not exercise they will lose weight but some of that weight will be from muscle loss and that muscle loss becomes even more significant if this person is elderly but what about the people who maybe just want to lose 10 15 or 20 lbs maybe they're pretty good with their diet and they consistently exercise but there's those last few stubborn pounds that they can't get rid of in that case I would ask someone is it worth it are those last 10 to 15 pounds worth it for you being on a medication indefinitely because here's one of the last major considerations you have to think about with taking a glp1 receptor Agonist if you come off of these medications the majority of people will gain the weight back now for some people that changed their diet and started exercising at the the same time as initiating the medication they may keep some of the weight off if they were to continue to manage their diet and exercise but much of the weight that was attributed to the medication only most often comes back and so if you're one of those people that wants to lose those last few pounds I may challenge you a little bit and again say is it really worth it are the side effects worth it is it worth the financial cost and is it worth being on the medication indefinitely Or are there some other things that you could still possibly tweak with your diet Di and exercise to get rid of those last few extra pounds my guess is if those last few pounds are really that important to you we could probably figure out a way to do it without drugs but ultimately you going to want to discuss and make this decision with your healthc care provider and I hope you got some useful information from today's video that can help you with your decision-making process but on a different note have you ever wanted to come into an anatomy lab and learn Anatomy from Human cavers well now is your chance because we are creating an event this summer where you can come into our lab with me and of course Jeffrey the skeleton to have a hands-on experience of touching tissues holding organs and exploring the human body in a way that no book or video can compare to and there may even be some limited spots to sign up for doing your own to section work so if you're interested in this next level of anatomical awesomeness click the link in the description below and sign up for our newsletter for more information and while you're at it you can also download our free exercise chart thanks for watching today's video everyone if you don't mind burning a little extra ATP click that like And subscribe button and we'll see you soon

- What’s it like taking Ozempic? Patients share their stories: Kind: captions Language: en OZEMPIC AND THEY SHARE WHAT IT IS LIKE TO TAKE THE MEDICINE AND ALSO WHAT HAPPENS WHEN YOU STOP. >> A LOT OF EMPTY CARBS. >> I HAD GAINED SOME WEIGHT THAT I LOST BACK. >> EVERYTHING THAT YOU TOOK IT TO HIDE COMES BACK. THOSE CRAVINGS. EVERYTHING. >> THREE WOMEN, SHARING THEIR STORIES ABOUT LIFE ON OZEMPIC. SHAY PUR RY IS A SINGLE MOM AND TYPE TWO DIABETES. EBONY HAS DIABETES. AND DANIELLE BAKER, WHO WAS PRESCRIBED THE DRUG TO LOSE WEIGHT, EVEN THOUGH THE COMPANY SAYS IT'S NOT A WEIGHT LOSS DRUG, TWO OF THE THREE WOMEN DID LOSE SOME POUNDS AND ALSO MENTIONED IN THE AD. >> OH, I JUST LOST POUNDS. >> PART OF THE WEIGHT LOSS COMES FROM THE WAY OZEMPIC WORKS. IT MIMICS A HORMONE THAT MAKES YOU FEEL FULL LONGER, REDUCES FOOD CRAVINGS AND SUPPRESSES YOUR APPETITE. >> HOW DID YOU FEEL ABOUT FOOD WHEN WERE ON OZEMPIC? >> DIDN'T EVEN THINKING ABOUT IT. LOOKING AT A BAG OF DORITOS WAS KIND OF LOOKING LIKE A BAG OF SOCKS. >> SHE WOULD OVERFEET AND FEEL NAUSEATED AND A SIDE EFFECT THAT EBONY ALSO HAD. >> NO MATTER HOW LITTLE I SEEMED TO EAT IN THE SITTING, I WOULD GET NAUSEOUS OR THROW IT UP. >> I DEFINITELY ATE LESS. I JUST DIDN'T FEEL GOOD. AND DRINKING WATER WOULD MAKE AN UPSET STOMACH AND NAUSEOUS. >> DANIELLE SAYS IN ADDITION TO THE DAILY NAUSEA, SHE FELT CONSTANT HEADACHES AND THE DISCOMFORT MADE HER STOP TAKING OZEMPIC AFTER THREE MONTHS. SHE SAID SHE DIDN'T EXPECT WHAT HAPPENED NEXT. >> EVERYTHING CAME BACK FULL FORCE, RIGHT? LIKE ALL OF THE CRAZY CRAVINGS THAT I'VE STRUGGLED WITH, FOR THE SWEETS, THE JUNK FOOD, IT FELT LIKE I WAS OVERCOMPENSATING. >> DANIELLE'S WEIGHT DROPPED, SHE SAID SHE GAINED EIGHT POUNDS WHILE ON OZEMPIC, AND AFTER STOPPING, HER WEIGHT CLIMBED 20 POUNDS. SHAY SAYS SHE HOPED OZEMPIC WOULD PUT HER TYPE TWO DIABETES INTO REMISSION BUT AFTER TWO AND A HALF MONTHS HER INSURANCE COVERAGE CHANGED AR SHE LOST ACCESS TO THE DRUG. >> WHAT HAPPENED WHEN YOU STOPPED TAKING OZEMPIC? >> FOR THE FIRST I WOULD SAY WEEK AND A HALF, YOU STILL HAVE THAT NUMBNESS TO FOOD CRAVINGS, AND THEN SUDDENLY, IT WAS LIKE YOUR BODY WOKE UP, AND DISCOVERED, HEY, I LIKE BREAD. >> SHE SAID SHE HAS TO FIGHT THE URGE TO EAT AND IS WORKING EXTRA HARD TO CONTROL HER WEIGHT AND DIABETES. >> IT'S NOT LIKE A MAGIC PILL. YOU STILL HAVE TO WORK AT EXERCISE AND KNOWING YOUR PORTION CONTROL. >> I WAS ON OZEMPIC FOR ABOUT SIX MONTHS. >> EBONY EXPERIENCED NAUSEA AND VOMITING WHILE ON THE DRUG, BUT TOGETHER, WITH DIET AND EXERCISE, SHE LOST 25 POUNDS. SHE STOPPED TAKING OZEMPIC BECAUSE IT BECAME TOO HARD TO GET. HER APPETITE ALSO CAME ROARING BACK. >> YOU COULD SAY THAT I APPRECIATED EATING A LITTLE TOO MUCH. >> Reporter: ENDOCRINOLOGIST DR. DONNY SAYS THESE WOMEN EXPERIENCED OZEMPIC SIDE EFFECTS AND AN ABRUPT END TO A WHAT'S LOSS PLAN CAN HAVE A REBOUND EFFECT. >> THE BEST WAY TO GO ABOUT THIS IS TO MAKE SMALL AND GRADUAL PLACES THAT PEOPLE CAN ADHERE TO IN THE LONG TERM. >> Reporter: BECAUSE THE DRUG IS NOT APPROVED FOR WEIGHT LOSS, MAKERS OF OZEMPIC TELL NBC IT WASN'T STUDIED FOR CHANGES FOLLOWING DISCONTINUATION AND THEY DON'T ENCOURAGE OFFLABEL USE. THE DOCTOR RECOMMENDS A MULTIAPPROACH FOR MEDICATED WEIGHT LOSS A NUTRITIONIST FOR MEAL PLANNING AND LOOPING IN A FITNESS EXPERT AND CONSULTING A MENTAL HEALTH EXPERT LIKE A PSYCHOLOGIST OR PSYCHIATRIST. >> YOU ARE ABSOLUTELY WORTH IT IN INVESTING IN YOURSELF, IN YOUR PHYSICAL, MENTAL AND EMOTIONAL HEALTH. >> GREAT ADVICE. >> THERE ARE OTHER DRUGS TO TALK TO YOUR DOCTOR, ABOUT INCLUDING OTHERS, THAT UNLIKE OWE DEM PICK, THOSE ARE ALL CURRENTLY FDA APPROVED FOR WHAT'S LOSS. >> THAT'S THE FIRST TIME I HEARD WHAT OZEMPIC FEELS LIKE, YOU HEAR EVERYONE LOSING WEIGHT, AND YEAH, AND YEAH AND I DIDN'T KNOW THE IDEA THAT FOOD IS REPULSIVE TO YOU. AND THE WOMEN ARE NOT ON IT. HOW ARE THEY DOING? >> THEY'RE ALL OFF OF IT NOW, SAVANNAH AND HODA, AND THEY'RE DOING A GOOD JOB CONTROLLING THEIR WEIGHT. AND EBONY HAD A PERU PRESCRIPTION CALLED MUMJARA HELPING WITH HER TYPE TWO DIABETES, AND THAT IS BECOMING SHORT SUPPLY IN SOME AREAS. AND DANIELLE HAD GASTRIC SURGERY, SO SHE LOST 90 POUNDS. >> THE LAST GIRL. >> THE LAST PERSON WE SPOKE TO. AND SHAY SAYS SHE IS TRYING TO DO IT BY EATING HEALTHIER AND EXERCISING, BUT IT IS DIFFICULT. ESPECIALLY WHEN YOU WORK TWO AND THREE JOBS, YOU DON'T ALWAYS HAVE ACCESS TO FRESH FOOD AND EXERCISE. SO IT'S A CHALLENGE. >> FOR SURE, IT IS. >> AND ALSO JUST THE COMING BACK, THE WANTING TO EAT EVERYTHING ONCE YOU GET OFF OF

- What to do once you hit your goal weight on Ozempic: Kind: captions Language: en let's say you're one of the people on semaglutide a glp1 Agonist like wovi or OIC or Manjaro and you've hit your go weight then what what does maintenance after you've lost weight on these medications look like in most cases people who are on these glp1 medications lose a significant amount of weight can slash will regain some or all of it when they discontinue it why it's because of the ideology or what the causes are of the conditions of overweight and obesity it's not a temporary situation it's a chronic condition so that then begs the question let's say you get to your goal weight on one of these medications I hear this literally every day from people what's the end game are you going to be on these medications for Life first of all side note remember because they were initially designed and developed to help manage people with type two Di diabetes yes it is possible that someone could be on one of these medications for life I think what you'll see is healthc care providers doctors who are experienced in managing patients on these medications when they get to their goal weight they'll say okay let's drop your dose down first and then we could try to space out the frequency of your dosing intervals so the injectable forms of these medications are meant to be given every week let's say someone achieves their goal weight okay instead of taking it every week let's try taking it every two weeks there's a concept in Pharmacology known as Half-Life which is what percentage of the medication remains active in your system over what period of time these injectable forms of these medications they do stay active in your system for 2 weeks so at 8 days after your last injection you're not going to have zero amount of this medication in your in your system so um alternating one week on one week off may be something that we start to see in the future become um more common more official um part of the maintenance regimen dropping the dose down is another kind of classic way um that we titr trate someone off a medication and then see what what happens but yeah that knowledge and awareness has to be there that if you get to your goal weight and you completely stop these medications the vast majority not all but the vast majority of people will regain the weight that's lost

- The Many Lies About The Ozempic Weight Loss Craze: Kind: captions Language: en - Odds are if you've been on TikTok or Twitter as of late, you've seen this new drug, Ozempic, be mentioned. I've actually seen Elon Musk tweet about it. It's been covered in the New York Times. It's literally everywhere. So it's about time that we talk about the truth when it comes to Ozempic. For those who don't know, Ozempic is a medication that's been FDA approved to be used in patients who have diabetes to help control blood sugar and as an added effect, decrease the likelihood of major cardiovascular events and have increases in weight loss. Because of this added effect of weight loss, many people started using the medication off-label for just weight loss. The pharmaceutical company decided to take the same generic medication found within Ozempic called semaglutide, increase its dosage and repackage it under a different brand name called Wegovy and seek FDA approval as a weight loss medication to be used in conjunction with lifestyle changes for individuals who are either obese or overweight but also, who have one weight-related diagnosis like hypertension, high cholesterol, et cetera. And after so many people started getting Ozempic prescribed for this off-label use for weight loss, it exploded in popularity mostly on television and on TikTok, with people claiming that they've lost huge amounts of weight, talking about their successes. And as a result of all this publicity, there was literally a run to doctors to prescribe this medication for them off-label in order to help them with their weight loss which unfortunately, ended up creating a shortage which puts people at risk who desperately need the medication because they have a true diagnosis of diabetes and are not using it for off-label uses. There is a huge rise of misinformation happening at this very moment that we have to fact check. (upbeat music) This claim is patently untrue and anyone saying this has a terrible understanding of how Ozempic, semaglutide, actually works. This medicine actually works as an appetite suppressant that slows or delays gastric emptying, therefore you feel full and you have less of an appetite. So it's more of an appetite modulator, leading you to consume less calories, therefore losing weight, not, "Oh, I can eat 10 pizzas and take this medication and not absorb the calories." You see how there's a very important difference here, because if you eat a lot of food and take this medication that slows your gastric emptying, it's gonna make you feel worse and you're gonna have more side effects, more nausea, more vomiting, more potential diarrhea and constipation. People are actually talking about these side effects who are eating their normal portions or even eating reduced portions. So imagine if you were to overeat, thinking you can while taking this medication, that's a cause for concern. This claim is starting to spiral out of control because it initially started with some simple observations that doctors made of their patients who were losing weight on Ozempic or Wegovy and they were seeing that those patients were losing body fat but they were also losing lean muscle mass. This is not surprising, because the way these medications work is by suppressing appetite, therefore having the patient consume less calories. Anytime you're gonna be consuming less calories, you will both lose muscle mass and body fat. This is obviously not ideal but with this type of medication, that control is limited but we do have control. Any good doctor should not be just prescribing this medication and forgetting about the patient. A, you're supposed to be getting the medication and having the doses slowly increase, based on the effects and side effects that we're seeing. Also, it should come with a plan for nutrition, possibly meeting with a nutritionist who can help guide you as to how much protein you should be taking in despite the fact that you're consuming less calories and a plan for exercise that includes resistance and weight training to help keep on some of that lean muscle mass. This is the one where I'm seeing the most examples of on TikTok. Someone saying, "Oh, I took Ozempic for a wedding and I lost 10 pounds. Look how great I look." This is not what the medicine was intended for. In fact, people who are already of a healthy weight, looking to get skinnier were not the ones that were studied when we were checking the safety and effectiveness of this medication. So maybe, taking it while you're already at a healthy weight can lead to worse side effects. And the worst part of all of it, once you stop taking it, the weight will come right back. This type of yo-yo dieting has been associated with numerous health risks, including returning to your normal weight and then going past it and gaining even more weight after you stop a medication like this. Anytime you have a rapid type of weight loss, what can happen is you lose the subcutaneous fat that's present in your skin, especially if you're in your thirties or forties, and as a result, you can develop this hollowed-out appearance to your face. Now, if you're taking Ozempic or Wegovy the correct way, this shouldn't be happening. My suspicion is the people who are experiencing this quote-unquote, "Ozempic face," or this hollowed-out look are individuals who are rushing to lose weight, using it in a way that is not being prescribed to them. Because when doctors prescribe these medicines, they do it with a titration mindset, meaning they start low and they slowly increase your dose while monitoring how much weight you're losing, how many side effects you're experiencing. Ideally, what doctors are looking for is for a continued one to two pound weight loss per week. Obviously, that varies depending on your own individual situation, but certainly not the 10, 15 pounds in one week that people are claiming they've lost on these medications when they're using them in a non-prescribed, uncontrolled way. I don't think GLP-1 medications should be first-line treatments for those who need to lose weight. Anytime you're prescribing a medication, there needs to be a risk/benefit ratio done for the individual sitting in front of you and ultimately, the individual needs to decide if the medication is right for them. And while these medications have shown promise for individuals to lose 10 to 20% of their weight if they are overweight or obese, it's still important to factor in that there are legitimate risks to taking these medications. There are side effects. People have GI issues, nausea, vomiting diarrhea, constipation, pancreatitis, kidney issues. There is a potential issue of increases in thyroid cancer long-term with these medications. And these are not reasons to not take the medicine. These are reasons to think about this medicine as a tool in our arsenal, to help patients reach their desired weight. And when we talk about their desired weight, that talks about a healthy weight. To me, I feel like this whole conversation has caused us to lose sight of the big picture. With the exception of an individual who's facing harsh socioeconomic standing, someone who has a legitimate medical condition like diabetes or a thyroid condition among the many others that cause increased weight, weight loss or weight gain is under our control. There are things that we can do and I could recommend as a doctor to help someone lose weight when it comes to a nutrition standpoint, a fitness standpoint, sleep, mental health, et cetera. When I think about my patient's health, I don't just think about their weight. Weight is not the sole determinant of one's health. And when it comes to improving someone's lifestyle, we're not only lowering the weight, we're also improving their quality of life, decreasing risks of certain cancers, other diseases and ultimately, extending and prolonging their lives. That's what being a doctor is about, not just focusing on the scale. I actually had a patient whose doctors said all of their symptoms were due to their weight and I actually found, that wasn't the case at all. Click here to check that out and as always, stay happy and healthy.

- 10 Things I Wish I'd Known about Ozempic: Kind: captions Language: en hey everyone it's karen so i normally make book videos um however today i wanted to show you a prescription i am on called ozempic and basically provide 10 tips that i kind of wish i knew or that have helped me a lot in my journey on this just in case there's other people who are on it or thinking about being on it or their doctor has talked to them about it and they just want a little bit more information so i'm actually going to give it to myself during this video um it comes with these pen caps which is really nice like you don't have to buy separate needles but anyway my first tip is to take it on a friday and that obviously um is only going to pertain to people that don't tend to work on saturday or sunday which i actually do work on saturday tomorrow but i would suggest taking it um right before you're going to have a couple days off of work and the reason that i would recommend that um is just because it could make you nauseous a lot of people experience that you can basically like live your life the way you want to live it without a schedule or break times or anything like that and so um some of the other tips are easier if you're kind of on your own schedule rather on your work's schedule and if you are going to be sick you're going to be sick over the weekend my next tip is to eat light so today is friday i am going to take it um but i would suggest eating light um the day you take it and maybe a day or two after um you can eat the same amount you always eat but i would just eat in smaller increments done that was it just because it kind of feels like your stomach is slowing down and um you just want to make sure that you're not over stuffing your stomach and getting it like too full before you realize it's full because that food is just going to take forever to go anywhere and it's really going to make your symptoms a lot worse so eat light for like a couple days after my next tip is to have snacks on hand so you kind of have to treat yourself like you're a toddler and make sure you always come prepared with snacks wherever you go um the reason for me is that sometimes when i do get nauseous it helps to eat a little something and if i don't eat right now then that could make me puke listen to your body and there are times when you don't feel like you're hungry you're not hungry you're not hungry i need to eat right now make sure you have snacks my next thing is to make sure you drink lots of water and you always have water on hand too so basically you're just coming every in every situation you want to come with everything you need food water etc um just to make sure you can comfort your body and make sure that it's not going haywire and crazy while you're on this tip number five is to find physical activity you love so right now i'm training for a backpacking trip and that just makes like this whole journey just feels so much better and more empowering i feel like i have something i'm striving for something that i am trying to do something that i have to train for or i will perish um so that has made just exercise a lot more enjoyable and it has made me a lot more consistent with it too which of course helps with whatever this is trying to do for you number six is to focus on burst of movement so i have recently um i asked my doctor to be put on a continuous glucose monitor um just because of my backpacking trip and wanting to stay safe while i'm like in the wilderness in the u.p of michigan um and what i have noticed using that like honestly the best benefit is that it's just teaching me more about my body and stuff like that and i have noticed how much um just quick bursts of energy can impact your blood sugar and make such a huge difference um in everything so even just after dinner not sitting down right away but doing the dishes cleaning up the kitchen um picking up the house if there's any like that will make your blood sugar go down a lot which i think is super cool just tiny things like that going for as many walks as possible like even just walking can help so much so just realizing like if you can't fit in a workout or even if you can just try and move more throughout the day tip number seven i have been having so much fun trying new recipes just trying to make sure that i'm filling my body with everything it needs because sometimes this allows you or makes it so you can't really eat a ton you want to make sure that what you're eating is really high quality and you want to just have fun with what you're eating so it's not like you're on a diet or anything but you're just trying new things living your life it's going to be amazing the next one is to find your people so i have found a lot of support um through the youtube community um through people with type one diabetes which i don't have but excuse me i just feel like their support and their content has really helped me so just try and reach out whether it's in your real life community or online and try and find people that are kind of on a similar path and that can help you and um can give you tips and empower you and i think that's probably the main thing just being empowered and feeling connected my next point is to keep your why in mind so like why are why did your doctor put you on this why are you trying this journey what is your bigger reason why you're doing this what health problems are you trying to prevent get better like what is the goal in taking this that is really helpful as well and then finally stay in communication with your doctor because you can go up and down on this dosage and like your doctor just wants to know how you're doing on it because it is pretty intense um so there was one time when i got pretty sick and it lasted like a few days which was unusual for me when i was like the doctor suggested going down to 0.25 the next week and actually you should do it the next two weeks so that your pen doesn't run out in like an awkward number or like an awkward amount left that you can't really use as a full dose but um yeah just like always be in communication so that if you need to make a tweak you can and that way you're not like suddenly going off of it because you hate it so much there are tweaks you can make that would improve things so so much if you're just uh staying in communication with your doctor so those are 10 things i feel like i have learned since being on this i'm curious if you are also on it put in the comments what do you also want to add to this list like what have you learned what has helped you while you're on this and if you are not on it and you have any other questions or wondering anything put those in the comments too because i want to help you guys anyway stay tuned for more booktube content in the future but i just did want to do an update on ozempic see you guys soon bye

- This is what happens when you stop taking Ozempic: Kind: captions Language: en ozempic it is literally the hottest drug in the country right now but what happens when you stop taking it ozempic is part of a class of medications called glp-1 Agonist and they are really important safe and effective for people with type 2 diabetes but about 10 years ago in the world of obesity medicine it was discovered as we do with a lot of medications that there is a side effect may be beneficial and we're talking about the side effect of weight loss fast forward one of these medications recently was FDA approved for specifically weight loss for people who are obese or overweight and of course like many medications they are also used off label specifically and exclusively and deliberately to affect weight loss these are usually injections they're given by the individual by the patients in the belly is the most common location once a week these medications are generally well tolerated but one of the ways in which they were work is by slowing the emptying of the stomach so one of the side effects not surprisingly can be GI nausea in some cases even vomiting of his diarrhea or bowel issues and in rare cases pancreatitis and inflammation of the pancreas and these drugs do carry a black box warning for a rare type of thyroid cancer so what happens if someone were to take one of these medications like ozempic lose some weight and then discontinue or stop taking the medication obviously it's variable it's not one size fits all and individual results and long-term results will tend to vary but in general we have to remember that the conditions of overweight and obesity are complex chronic disorders that have a multitude of factors leading to them behavior is one of them environment genetics even other medications that may be associated with weight gain are a big part of the picture so if you remove one of those variables in this case a medication that has been helpful in achieving weight loss it is possible if not likely that the person will regain some or all or even more of the weight that they've lost it depends on how much was was lost in the first place it depends on the person and their individual specific factors

- 5 Ozempic Secrets to Supercharge Your Weight Loss - Pharmacist Reveals All: Kind: captions Language: en if you are using medications like wovi or Zep Bound in order to lose weight then you need to listen up now like many people you might think that well isn't the medication enough if I just take it it'll just do all the things that I want it to do well not quite so today I'm going to tell you the five science back tips to help you lose weight on OIC woor Zep bound more quickly and these aren't going to be the usual eat less move more kind of tips these are the actual game changers that not only help with the weight loss but to keep that weight off for good unfortunately though you're probably not going to be a big fan of these because they're not quick easy shortcuts and if you haven't hit that subscribe button already then you better do so so you don't miss out on other great videos like this one if losing weight was just about finding the perfect diet plan or exercise routine well you wouldn't be here and I wouldn't have a job unfortunately we are dealing with an inconsolable child that is your irrational emot and hedonistic Primal brain Primal brain lizard brain whatever you want to call it it fundamentally doesn't want you to lose weight it doesn't want you to cut out the sweets and it really doesn't want you to become more active and go do hours and hours of cardio at the gym it wants you to eat all of the chocolate be as lazy as possible and do all the netflixing and chilling you can because those things feel good I don't know anybody that has ever had to force themselves to watch Netflix now losing weight might be one of our goals but the real goals are to one improve your health and two to learn how to manage your Primal brain and medications or even bariatric surgery can help us to cage or put up a fence for our Primal brain but if we're not maintaining that fence with good lifestyle practices well that Primal brain eventually is going to bust out and cause you to regain all the weight you lost and hey if you are here that means you are an intelligent IND idual who wants to learn more about optimizing your health in science and evidence-backed ways and the great news is is this is a great place to get that kind of information and so if you haven't hit that subscribe button and turned on those notifications yet you definitely need to do so so you don't miss out when I put out more great content and you get to support one of your favorite people on the internet so let's dive into my five strategies to help you manage your weight with medications like Zep bound orovi and keep that Primal brain at Bay strategy number one is protein protein protein protein and more protein protein is absolutely essential for everybody but in particular those individuals that are on glp1 medications not only does protein help to keep us Fuller for longer so we consume less food but if your body needs carbs or fats it can take protein and convert it into those two macronutrients but most importantly protein helps us to build and preserve lean muscle tissue and muscle is our main metabolic engine more muscle equals higher metabolism even when you're just sitting around and doing that Netflix and chill and I can pretty much guarantee that whatever amount of protein you're currently getting in you need to try and get more but make sure you do so slowly and gradually incorporate it step by step meal by meal don't go from 100 g of protein to 150 g of protein overnight you want to aim for about 30 g of protein at each of your meals and about 20 g of protein at your snacks and it's really important important that you start eating lots of that protein earlier in the day so you don't have to play ketchup later in the day and yes animal proteins are really great sources so chicken beef pork you name it eggs Greek yogurt but you can also look at things like tofu edamami lentils legumes and so on as for the protein shakes protein bars protein whatever yes you can also incorporate those those are perfectly fine there is nothing wrong with them and they can be a great way to supplement your protein intake strategy number two is meal consistency and I'm not talking about eating the same thing every single day what I'm talking about is more when you're eating you see 30,000 years ago when we were living in caves we didn't have any predictability in our lives we didn't know when our next meal was going to come we didn't know if it was going to rain or not although we still don't really know that but fundamentally we lived in a world of chaos and so our Primal brain is used to being in that world but really what it wants is it wants that predictability it wants to know when is that next meal coming so I don't need to freak out and get you to go hunt and gather for hours on end in order to find some food and so we want to create routine we want to make it predictable as to when you're going to be having meals when nutrients are going to be coming into the system so that we can best manage that hunger but also keep that Primal brain good and happy and I'm sure everybody watching this video has experience some degree of hangr and we'll know you do not make the best decisions when it comes to to your nutrition and health when you're hry and so if we can be more consistent with our meals and the nutrients that are going into the system we can help to manage that and help us to make more nutritious choices through the day aim for being predictable and boring strategy number three is making sure you're eating enough calories and I know this one might sound a little bit weird but bear with me here you see when you drastically cut your calories you really piss your Primal brain off and I'm sure everyone here has spent an entire week on a diet starving themselves white knuckling it until Friday and then Friday comes and we start to ease up we start to relax we decide hey we've been good all week we deserve to go out for dinner and suddenly dinner then becomes brunch on Saturday and Saturday then becomes dinner out again and then we lead into Sunday and finally we pull our pants up and once again say the diet starts on Monday sound familiar so this isn't a matter of you just not having enough willpower and that sort of thing it's that you've spent the entire week pissing off your Primal brain by not consuming enough calories to keep the proverbial lights on and what happens every single time when you cut those calories to an ultra low level you're going to get a degree of rebound overeating and potentially binging and sure you might see a more drastic drop in the scale But ultimately is it going to be a faster weight loss if you're constantly going up and down up and down or would it be better to cut your calories less drastically and slowly lose weight over time and be able to maintain that weight loss long term because you're not binging and overeating on the weekend I know it makes total sense right so if you're currently trying to follow a 1,200 calorie per day diet I can already tell you it's too low and if you want a way to know how many calories and how much protein you should be eating well you should go down to the links below and click on my fancy Dandy TD calculator where you can input your information and on the last page it will punch out what your calorie and protein intake should be strategy number four is fiber fiber is really the unsung hero it's something that we all kind of hear about and know about and probably should get more of but it really does have amazing benefits not only for your GI Health but also for your overall health and helping you to manage your weight not only can It keep us Fuller for longer which when paired with the glp1 medications is a great little tool but fiber through fruits and veggies provide us with a lot of micronutrients s you see micronutrients are important because if your Primal brain ever detects that you're low on zinc for example you don't get a craving to go have a zinc tablet because 30,000 years ago we didn't have zinc tablets alls we had was food so you're just going to get a signal that says go find food and your body is hoping that whatever food you find has the zinc in it so if we're getting plenty of micronutrients we don't have to worry about inappropriate hunger signaling going on because we're not getting adequate nutrients on all the fronts so you definitely need need to eat more fiber 25 G is the minimum but really there is no upper limit the benefits of fiber just keep on going again though start slow add in some fruits and veggies give your body time to adjust because there might be some GI discomfort as your bacteria kind of reorganize themselves I also like adding in a fiber supplement such as Metamucil that can really help to manage and give you kind of a daily amount of fiber that you're getting each day even if you forget or don't get a chance to eat that salad plus fiber can help you manage any side effects from a GI perspective that you might experience with the glb 1's and if you're someone that says I really don't like fruits and veggies well I really don't like going to work every day but sometimes we got to do some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that we really don't feel like doing so get that fiber in now exercise is pretty hard to go wrong with I think a lot of people get caught up in the All or Nothing in that if I can't do something for at least an hour there's no point in doing it and people tend to over complicating it thinking they need to to do this elaborate weird workout in order to burn adequate calories and so on but the reality is any activity is going to be good for you and we all desperately need to get more in now resistance training so using weights resistance band what have you does have a special place in my heart though one I feel like it doesn't suck nearly as much as cardio and number two it's better at building muscle again more muscle mass you have the higher metabolism is going to be and the final reason why I like resistance training is because it allows you to have a way to quickly see results beyond what the scale might be telling you and so on it allows you to see tone seeing the weights that you're lifting go up and you'll see those results very very quickly and you'll progress quite rapidly in a short period of time so it's great for helping to keep you motivated and going along and that helps you to build up your self-esteem and also your confidence and the final reason also since we are building that muscle is that it helps to maintain what muscle Mass we do have so that when we're losing weight it's mostly going to be via fat and not both muscle and fat and no you're not going to magically turn into a bodybuilder overnight what's going to happen is you're going to get stronger you're going to feel better and you're going to feel more confident again just start where you're at start slow get in 5 minutes here you don't need to do a full hour start and build over time and if you're doing walking now what you might want to do is add weights to your hands while you're walking to further help build that upper body strength you don't necessarily need to go to the gym and actually lift weights there's lots of other creative ways in order to do resistance trining and because I'm feeling particularly generous today I'm going to give you a sixth and final strategy that is going to help you to manage your weight in the long term and that is consistency in fact this might be the most important factor because without consistency everything else that I've already talked about is pretty much useless consistency is going to be the key to your progress and it's kind of like investing except we're investing in the life and the health of you and what we're doing is we're doing a small action every single day consistently until it builds and builds and builds and eventually compounds to give us our big fat outcome for when we reach retirement and the more consistent that you are the faster the results are going to be so don't overthink your diet don't overthink your exercise routine figure out what's going to help you to just show up every single day and start implementing and doing that and I promise you everything else will take care of itself all right that is it and that is all my friends I hope you enjoyed this video and of course if you did first off hit that subscribe button and turn on the notifications second be sure to share this video with somebody else that you think might enjoy it as well check out all the links down below for my TDE calculator as well to check out my Weekly Newsletter so you can stay up to date on all the things that I'm doing and I've got some pretty big announcements that are in the oven right now that are almost ready ready to be put out so be sure to sign up so you don't miss out also check me out on my other social media channels and as I always sign off please remember it's the small tweaks that lead to the massive Peaks

- Ozempic, Mounjaro users talk about changes to family life after weight loss: Kind: captions Language: en today Oprah Winfrey sent Weight Watchers stock prices tumbling when she stepped down as the company's spokesperson after confirming recently she's taken medication to lose weight tonight we look at the ups and downs of weight loss from prescription drugs like OIC Real Housewife star Heather gay says she's never been happier but for others that Journey has had some unforeseen twists here's ABC's Deborah Roberts you represented body positivity and now some women are saying it's kind of a cout yeah like I've sold out I've given up the banner of you know relatable accept yourself love yourself and it's disappointing to sad to know that body positivity was all a big lie because it's better to not be overweight known for her funloving and bold personality Heather gay has cemented herself as a favorite on the Real Housewives of Salt Lake City proof timeline screenshots in everything but lately it's her changing appearance that's making headlines that so-called OIC look that's seemingly everywhere these days everyone I knew was taking these gp1 medications losing weight and just bragging about how great it was and magical one of your co-stars on the show made a joke about your designer outfit do you think it's a f I do I've never seen a corate in like size 14 you know have you pretty cutting yeah oh cutting but I've been called worse than size 14 Gucci I mean I've been called a manity been called Shrek I've been called um horrible things in private and public by my co-stars and by the general public so Heather tried something new the latest gamechanging weight loss drug it's the drug that's taking Hollywood and America by storm OIC originally meant to treat people with chronic medical conditions like type 2 diabetes one of the biggest and most controversial weight loss crazes right here television icon Oprah Winfrey revealing she's using medication for weight loss I think that we had this rise in this interest in anti-obesity medications that really came from social media and television oh zic wovi and Manjaro are drugs experiencing a big surge in use for weight loss first it changed their bodies now it's changing their relationships now that I've lost the weight I want to experience more I missed out on so much because I was so worried um about my size I don't have to shop at Big and Tall the good your sex life it's hotter yeah right it's hotter C the bad he wasn't noticing how happy I was with the weight loss it really told me that I deserve something better and all the Fallout if you had known that your marriage might be a casualty on this weight loss Journey would you take those pounds back some argue it's undoing Decades of progress in the body positivity and fat acceptance movements it is furthering The Narrative that thinness is the goal people don't need to be shamed about the size of their body the pressure to be thin experts say can cause real damage some of the content that I see online regarding weight loss it just feels off often that phobia is either subtle or overtly within the conversation and just widely accepted well welcome to Beauty Lain laser this is the med spa where we say all the best no BS after talking to her doctor she took her first dose of semaglutide the active ingredient in OIC I didn't want to show up that at another party and see all of my friends 20 lb thinner and just be resentful so there was almost a pressure there to try it absolutely a pressure and also just maybe a last hope you know so what are the key side effects so nausea is a component of the medications followed by vomiting potentially constipation some people that can say that they feel fatigue or tiredness these drugs can have serious side effects in including risk of thyroid cancer pancreatitis and hospitalization Heather says she's treated differently now better both on screen and off what do people start to say you look great you look thin what are you doing are you on OIC I started to feel seen for the first time even after being on television writing a New York Times bestselling book for the first time I was being valued by my castmates by the public in a way that I had never been valued before and that felt to me sad I think it is important to recognize that looks and identity can be interwoven and if you change your look so much that you feel like a different person then your identity is changing unfortunately when we're dealing with obesity often there is an overlay of of mental health disorders or maybe some issues with disordered eating May emerge and I want to make sure that I'm not doing that you know in this process there also may be issues with body dysmorphia the societal pressure to be thin is leading many to take these medications off label even when it's not medically necessary I am very adamant to not prescribe these medications in people that are solely using these for aesthetic purposes I really believe that this supports disordered eating eating disorders there's been a more than 93% increase in patients getting prescription semaglutide in the past four years I really think that we need to be thoughtful and mindful about this we have a shortage of these medications for people that do need them after losing close to 30 lb Heather says there's a lesson in all of this not just for her but also for her daughters so what does that say to your daughters though you've tried to teach them you said to love themselves but you've been able to really finely accept yourself as a smaller person because of a drug so what does that say to them I want them to feel empowered but as a mom of daughters it is a very nuanced Razor's Edge because I don't want to lie to them and say it doesn't matter matter what matters is on the inside but it does matter I don't know why that's the way it is in the world but that has been my experience that's a tough message it's a tough message and I don't know how to deliver it to him I have beautiful vibrant impowered daughters and I would hate for them to think that their value is limited to their dress size our thanks to Deborah the full episode of the skinny confessions after OIC is now streaming on Hulu hi everyone George Stephanopoulos here thanks for checking out the ABC News YouTube channel if you'd like to get more videos show highlights and watch live event coverage click on the right over here to subscribe to our Channel and don't forget to download the ABC News app for breaking news alerts thanks for watching

- Does Ozempic Really Work? My 6 Month Semaglutide Journey: Kind: captions Language: en and so the last thing that you want is to not wake up from your surgery because you lost weight the wrong way before your surgery well well well finally we've reached this subject the famous semi-glutide and surgery so many women have been flocking to this drug to be able to reach the body types that they have always wanted like these celebrities who have been claiming to be losing weight the right way ozampic has been all over the news and social media celebrities and many others have been using it but of course they don't admit to it which what is the right way but really they're getting assistance from this drug semi-glutide is often found associated with ozympic associated with wakovi and we really don't know the truth about this drug does it really work what are the insides of how it works what do you have to do to make it work so I've been keeping a secret [Music] I didn't even tell my bestie well I have a treat for you yours truly has been taking semi-glutide since January of 2022. about one month postpartum after having my baby I started taking semiglutide but I wasn't sure exactly what the outcome would be would I actually lose the weight would I be able to keep it off so in this episode we're going to talk about my semiglutite story I hope you enjoy hello and welcome to the make it pop YouTube channel where you can learn all things plastic surgery from yours truly and I get all of my information from surgeons that are board certified zero deaths I also get my information from Advocates from nutritionists who are in the Plastic Surgery world and of course patience patience is who you actually learn the most from and today I wanted to talk about my summer glue tide Journey because I'm going to have a another mommy makeover in February of 2024. now before you you start I know you're saying like another mommy makeover why would you do that well after my mommy makeover in July of 2020 I was looking amazing as you can see here but then about two years later I got pregnant with my son who's now six months old and I knew that it was gonna be a struggle to get back to my pre-baby post-surgery body so as I saw everyone taking some glue tide from all the celebrities who are losing weight I knew that was something that I was interested in so the first thing I did is I went to my primary care physician who also delivered my baby and he told me I was healthy absolutely I could start taking it so in February 26 27th you'll see a photo of me after one month of taking some blue tide at this time I had only taken 0.25 milligrams it's recommended that you only increase at 0.25 milligrams at a time so every month that went by I was increased by 0.25 milligrams and what I found was that the first month I really didn't lose as much weight um I maybe lost like three pounds and I think it had a lot to do with obviously my hormones I wasn't moving as much but I definitely wasn't impressed so I was told though to keep going don't give up and so I continued to increase my doshas and right around March um I still wasn't seeing the scale go down my body actually looked like I was gaining more weight and so instead of just moving my body with my trainer we also Incorporated the more strict I hate that word diet however from March to April there was like a six pound decrease change and that big change came from diet the first tip that I would give you if you're gonna take semiglutide is you have to do this on a nutrition plan you have to be on some type of nutrition or lifestyle plan for your food because that's where you're going to see the major results you can move your body but if you're not eating the right things to burn things in the right places and gain energy where you really need it it's a total waste of money time and chemicals in your body I mean let's be honest like chemicals in your body now as I kept going and I saw that change obviously it got me really really excited so I believe it was from April to may I saw another huge decrease of nine pounds either April may or may to June and with that you will see that my diet was on point I was working out four days a week and with that I lost nine pounds in one month and if you want to accomplish that is certainly certainly possible but I was literally on a plant-based diet that whole month I didn't eat any meat any dairy anything and that is a very difficult thing to do you however it did jump start me to my goal and it did make a difference so this is what I have to say about semiglutidin surgery one thing about semi-glutite is that if you are not paying attention to how much you are eating then you will not eat it all it is no joke when they say that the semi-gloo side meals are like that big it's because you're not hungry at all but the problem with that especially or you're going to surgery or not is this is something that will cause malnutrition and already seventy percent of women are malnutrition going into surgery so imagine how much more this can happen on semi-glue time now before we go any further if you know anyone woman that you love that has been thinking about going on semiglutide and it's on the surgery Journey please share this video and share this Channel with her it is so important for us to be informed about these different fads and and things that are coming up from the celebrities that they pass down to us us but they never passed down the full story they never pass down that they have a celebrity nutritionist that they have a chef that they have a coach that they have a fitness plant personal trainer they are doing this with a whole team and a whole Entourage you should not be doing this alone and I'm not just talking about getting approval from your doctor or going to the doctor once a week to make sure that your vitals are okay there are things that are going on inside that your vitals will never show this is why you still have debts in surgery because there are predispositions that aren't always checked if you're not working with a company that advocates for you so please share this information with the people that you love so that they can be on the right path for their surgery Journey now the second thing that I would say about semi-glutide is that the only way that it is safe to take it is if you are working with a team you literally need to be working with a nutritionist with a personal trainer and you want to make sure that you also have a mental health coach that is standing the transformation that you're going through so they can help you transform from the inside because your body can be in doing a lot from the outside but that doesn't mean that you're going to be happy on the inside so it's very very very important that you do it the right way the last thing and most important thing that you really need to make sure that you pay attention to like this is no joke and it just came out so you're welcome for letting you know you have to stop semi-glue tied 30 days before surgery it can literally counteract with the medications and you can have a complication if this is not handled appropriately so please make sure that when you're going on your surgery journey and if you're including weight loss injections drugs or anything of the kind that you speak with your surgeon and you find out exactly when you need to stop taking them because any of those different chemicals can counteract the goal of your surgery which is to be safe and for you to wake up and so the last thing that you want is to not wake up from your surgery because you lost weight the wrong way before your surgery and remember when you're losing weight before your surgery pay attention to your nutrition because that is where wounds open up infections happen seromas happen and we're going to be talking about that next week so if you're actually wondering what happened with my semiglutite story then basically you have to continue to watch my videos I'll be sharing in the next episode about complications where I'm at on my synagogue tide Journey what's happening and what my plans are I mean I can't give you the whole thing right now then you won't watch the next video and that's what I want you to do I want you to learn it's time for you to really know what this surgery Journey what that life be like like what is it you need to know I'm here to teach you see you next time [Applause] thank you

- Documenting a Real Life Ozempic Journey (An UNFILTERED Look at the Good, Bad & Ugly): Kind: captions Language: en ozethic success stories are all over social media but these highlight reels don't give us all the facts so I'm gonna give you a sneak peek behind the Highlight Reel through my friend's weight loss Journey with expert commentary in real time honestly I didn't even expect some of this hey everyone I'm Abby sharp welcome to Abby's kitchen [Music] a quick disclaimer that this video may include numbers calories and Extreme Weight Loss discussion so please feel free to skip this video if it's not supportive to your journey also note that the individual in this series is not my client so any suggestions that I make are for general knowledge only not directed specifically at her everyone's needs are unique and ultimately should be discussed one-on-one with your healthcare provider okay so assuming you've opened a social media app or like left your house in the past year you've probably heard about ozempic there are ads for at the medi spa at the movies on Tick Tock everywhere and for once it's maybe not just hype I've been following the research and I gave my somewhat shocking take in my videos here and here and despite what you may expect to hear from an anti-diet diet dietitian honestly I think it's going to be a powerful tool for better or worse I do worry that it will be use and abuse and serve to reinforce some pretty damaged big body standards but I also think it's going to save and change a lot of lives and at the end of the day I believe in body autonomy so when my close friend talent agent and my business partner told me that she was starting the drug I didn't try to talk her out of it I didn't shame her for succumbing to diet culture I simply asked her if there was anything I could do to help so semic or starting your own glp-1 egg in this journey this mini-series will give you the unfiltered unscripted messy truth yep we're gonna be going there with The Good The Bad and The Diarrhea lots of it hello Ginger I am so happy you're joining uh Ginger and I have known each other for so long how long oh gosh 12 maybe almost 15 years yeah I mean back in my early blogging days Ginger hired me to host an event for Jamie Oliver um and that was so so fun and now we are business partners in a very exciting Adventure she has she signed me on a while ago as part of her agency roster so yeah we go way back way back back which has been great I mean we're friends we're colleagues we've done so much together and now we're doing this together so talk about vulnerability and yes you know switching the table and thank you for being so vulnerable this is such an important story to share and journey to share and I know that that's not necessarily very easy so thank you for for being here so um why don't we start off why don't you tell me a little bit about your you know your weight and diet history where did this all start for you yeah sure so I've been overweight my whole life um and I think it's funny because my my parents are divorced and I'm not sure if if you know the way they've treated me with food has been so different I don't know if that's why I'm so you know in between and how I think about food I don't know but um you know growing up my mom um you know her family didn't have a lot of money so they were always taught to eat everything and never leave anything left on the plate and you know you never know when you're gonna get your next meal sort of thing so that she kind of brought into my life like I would have to fall asleep at the table if I didn't eat the meal yeah it's like the physical scarcity mentality carries on to mental scarcity mentality exactly and and I obviously when you're a kid you don't recognize that that's what they're doing and that's there it's coming from them you know and then my parents were divorced so they got divorced when I was two so my dad's family I mean when we got to see my dad which was every other week that was the that was the custody Arrangement back then uh almost for every uh family um and uh you know we were rewarded with food so in one situation it was you're not allowed to leave the table until you've eaten all this nutritious food even if it was Beefaroni like if that's what we were eating that week I had to eat it you know my mom got you know payback a couple times and I vomited it up but um and then my dad said it was like I got the donuts I got all the fun stuff and and so a real complex mix of how I approached food from that kind of very young age yeah food just could never just be food it had to be tied with all this other emotional moral weight you got it you got you got it and obviously you don't know and they don't know like it was so young yeah you know so I get it I get it but here I am you know and both sides of the family suffer from diabetes and heart issues and whatnot so no matter what I was gonna struggle with something you know um and so here I am I've struggled my whole life you know my mom took me to Weight Watchers when I was 10. um and you think okay I'm going to this thing I'm gonna meet people and I'm so extroverted you know meeting people's cool but I'm weighing myself by a 10 at 10. it was I don't think I knew then what I know now and like I would never ever do that to my kids of course and you know generational diet culture it's so hard to break that cycle and you know of course your mom was probably just doing what she was taught was best from her mom and by Society at large and so you know no we can't shame our parents for making these choices when they really were doing it in our best interest us or what they believed was in our best interest but now of course when we know better we can do better and we know that kids put on diets are more likely to grow up to be overweight adults and to suffer from low self-esteem body dissatisfaction disordered eating Etc so we do things very differently now but yeah I mean it sounds like you grew up with a lot of mixed messages about food in your body you got it and and and it was never really like the focus was never food that was kind of like just what happened you know we weren't talking about food I never really knew how to eat or eat nutritiously or eat you know we had the food guide back then we never really looked at that it was there was just polarizing ideas of you know the mentality of we're gonna treat ourselves with sugar and the mentality of you have to eat everything on this plate right now that's that's what we've we're told right and it's very common The Clean Plate Club um really teaches children to dissociate themselves with their innate hunger and fullness cues at a very very young age when kids are born intuitive eaters and yet we are teaching them very clearly how to you know how to cut ties with that um so that all that all makes sense to me and so you mentioned you know you've you've struggled with your weight for most your adult life since going to Weight Watchers at 10. um can you tell me about like other than Weight Watchers I guess what have you tried has anything worked what diets have you been put on or you know put yourself on yeah oh my gosh I've done them all ah no so I I relatively I'm very healthy so all my blood work is always clean but I've just been like a healthy fat girl you know like and I move I I do a lot of physical activity and I just um can't lose the weight for a number of reasons you know diagnosed with PCOS um you know and gosh anybody who has to go through that I mean I feel you so hard it's it's a struggle and and I know what it's like so um but you know how I got here uh when I started this journey kind of on my own my mom was always very thin so it was natural to her to to be thin and even though her family wasn't she was so growing up and my mom also has a binge eating issue I I shouldn't say binge eating but you know if it's there she's gonna eat it similar to me you know if it's there I'm gonna eat it so growing up we we never really had the sweets or or anything in the cupboard because she would eat it so right when I would be out of the house I would binge on all the things that I couldn't get in the house so I got your money or if I got five bucks or ten bucks I was going to the candy machine you know uh and so as a result I became addicted to Sugar so I definitely and I'm still addicted so trying to cut that out is really hard but you know I've run the gamut from I think in high school you know I was I was dancing so I was moving all the time but I was never super thin and and then finally I just became anorexic I just stopped eating um you know a Diet Coke was my lunch um and some days after dinner because I'd be eating with my family I would throw it up but I I that was not a regular thing so I wouldn't say I was I went through a bulimic phase um I don't think that's fair to say I think that but I did go through a phase um but no I just kind of stopped eating and you know hearing everybody saying oh my God you're looking so good you're looking so good will you just keep doing it right so um but I'm that person who you know if I have a goal in mind I'm gonna reach that goal but as soon as I reach it I give up so it's like I just and that's the problem with yo-yo dieting right like you reach it and then oh my God it's not sustainable I'm done I can't do it anymore and then you go back you go back and often the weight is not only going to go back to where it was but it you may even gain even more so wow what a story uh Ginger that was a lot to share and I'm sure so many people who are listening are thinking that is my story to a t you know the mom who was skinny and always restricting and of course if you're being restricted in the household you are going to binge you're putting all these Foods on a pedestal so as a child there's no way for you not to be enticed to try to get the forbidden fruit and so none of what you've told me surprises me even though it's completely heartbreaking and and just terrible um so yeah thank you for sharing that that that's that's a lot so all right yeah you're here no I know and tell me you're you're you're how old now 38 turning 39 next week okay so you're at the point you're 39 you're almost 40. why ozone pick why now what what how did this kind of come to be as your next step actually it all started my interest in news epic started with um I was going through the egg freezing so I split from my partner and then I was like oh okay well I'm 37 what am I doing here so I just went through the process because I needed to uh and then in that process my doctor talked to me about metformin as um as a tool to help with reproduction um and so from that conversation we started talking about ozempic and you know I was curious about it I had seen the ads great obviously everywhere yeah um you know so and that's kind of how we started talking about it but my doctor was really good and and if I if I back up just a little bit here my dad is on those epic so my dad has Type 2 diabetes so you know layering life he became a diabetic he's had a stroke you know multiple he's got six siblings um you know several of them have had heart attacks or triple bypasses um several of them have diabetes so it runs in the family so you know he was also a healthy fat boy his whole life and then got diabetes later in age um and his doctor put him on ozempic and he dropped weight like this I had no idea he was on those epic until New Year's this year when I was talking about my doctor talked about metformin dad what do you think he's like well I'm monozepic and Metformin I was like you're on ozembic what and then my aunt's like I'm on a zombic too and I'm like yeah it's like when the floodgates open everyone kind of starts talking yeah and so and they both lost so much weight but I have no idea I never really thought to ask I don't see them all the time my dad doesn't live in the same city and so that's when I started to take it seriously I'm like okay I think I have to look at this more seriously um and my dad's doctor actually told him that it was a miracle drug she's never actually seen results with any drug the way she's she's seen ozempic change people's lives that's true so many reasons yes you know not just diabetic treatment not just blood sugar control but for so many things and you know when we talk about obesity as being an epidemic well especially well in the states North America and Canada um you know think about the health care dollars we could save if we could treat obesity earlier on anyways that turned into a whole thing totally talked to my doctor and my doctor was really good my doctor was like we're gonna do the blood work we're gonna have a consult with internal medicine because I was always going I was also going through some gallbladder issues and we're gonna have a consult with the weight loss clinic so I did all those things and the weight loss clinic was the one who actually confirmed yes this is what you should be on given your history given your family history if you go on now you will likely be in a preventative situation where you will not get diabetes and you will not have heart issues right so to summarize you have family history of heart disease and diabetes and are overweight and so your doctor suggesting this would be a really good tool to prevent you from following in your genetic you know genetically determined potential path you got it yeah exactly yep conclusion exclamation mark That's exactly right and you've told me in the past that one of the challenges that you've always had is just never feeling full you know we talk on about on this channel all the time about uh you know paying attention and honing in on your hunger and fullness cues but I acknowledge all the time that that's just not possible for a lot of people and it sounds like that may be the case for you can you talk about that yeah you got it I never feel full um that that and that's that's one of the things in my personal research in the in what the doctors have told me is that ozempic will help connect the dots from brain to stomach um I'm not there yet if I'm being totally honest um so I still am hungry um but yes I never really feel full I never feel satiated um I I just don't have that that that indicator that key that brain connection that tells me you're full yeah even you put anything else in here and you know I can imagine given everything that you've gone through in your kind of diet and body history and then also compounded by the fact that like physically and physiologically you aren't getting those cues that's that that is that makes it virtually impossible for you to have a normal relationship with food and your body because you're not getting the feedback from your body and so it is very hard to trust your body and that's very commonly why people get into these cycles of overeating binge eating anorexia other eating disorders and it's very hard to get out and so and that's a story like I feel like that when I hear that people have those cues and like tell me more right I've never experienced it before so I don't really understand and that doesn't necessarily compute for me right this is going to be a bit of a hot take but I think and you know this nomax area expertise but I believe that it is very likely that a drug like ozempic or other glp-1 agonists will be used in the treatment of eating disorders that are particularly around lack of hunger fullness cues you know binge eating disorder overeating things like that because even potentially in the absence of obesity because I know and I can imagine how debilitating it feels to just not have not be wired that way it's impossible for you to eat intuitively or normally without that cue and so I think that that's going to be a huge um next area of practice when it comes to these glp1 agonists huge area of opportunity because there's a lot of people there's a lot of people just based on the the people who the you know the fans and the followers and the comments I get who are in the same boat they do not feel fullness they don't or hunger and it's just I will say Abby if there's there's one thing there's one tool that actually helps me with with satiation is that a word no satiety yes thank you um it's the hunger crushing combo love it say I have to say you know if I eat enough of the the mix the combo yeah that the protein and the fiber I will feel full and if I feel full I'm like oh was this a hunger crushing comment I don't even realize that I'm doing here it works yeah it does it does it does and I I have to say that is one of the things that has totally changed my now if we're being totally honest you can't always get a hunger crushing combo in every meal you're having no especially if you're on the go and for sure working towards things that to help that you know you and I sidebar yeah you're trying and because I know it's working for me yep um you know we know that but um when you do get it in I really do find it it's it helps now do I still have that cue no but when I do feel full you know it it's usually yeah and it's usually because I've eaten a fully yup a nice full say trading meal with all those compounds yes it is such a powerful tool I will never say it's going to replace a powerful anti-obesity agent like glp1 Agonist uh more like ozone pick but it is a great place to start and I'm glad that you're having success with it all right Ginger I'm gonna let you get into that first shot how are you with needles okay I was terrified of needles but now that I've gone through two rounds of egg freezing give myself three or four needles a day I think I'm ready for this one I did take a little peek and it's pretty small yeah so I'm ready I think it's gonna be totally fine yeah us ivfers know some of the those needles are Honkers we can do anything now they want to take my blood I'm like take it honey like I'll be here all day and just fine uh I mean listen if somebody's gonna take my blood I'm still not looking at the needle going yeah I don't want to see it it's okay it's awesome all right well thoughts and prayers to your toilet bowl lots of good luck and I will check in with you in a couple weeks bye thanks Abby bye okay it's day one it was epic it's Tuesday May 9th I've had a roller coaster of a couple of weeks a couple of months just between egg freezing and uh gallbladder surgery and then my dog getting attacked throwing my back out I've gained about um 25 30 pounds since last August and it's time to get it off uh and I I want to move I want to do all the things so I'm starting ozempic today yeah I'm starting those epic today I'm going to take all of my measurements I'm going to have my starting weight so that Abby can review everything uh and here we go okay so this is the pen oh yeah here's my scars from the gallbladder surgery so we're gonna go here oh he's gonna sleep yourself up for this very small needle can't feel a thing so I know Ginger really well and she has been through hell and back this year and as someone who's gone through IVF I can attest that all those hormones they get pumped full of in the egg freezing process can and do cause weight gain and that's all that's all on top of her running a super successful very busy business life stressors affect our risk of weight gain through affecting our sleep or increasing cortisol or increasing emotional eating or all of the above so I hope that Ginger can offer herself some compassion because yeah this year has not been kind okay so I'm doing a little check-in um this is the evening of my second dose so week two second dose I'm at .25 milligrams I actually have to say that my appetite was small today and I didn't have much I had um half of a tuna poke Bowl I had a cookie I had a Diet Coke um lots of water uh and then before my um tennis lesson this evening I had a small bowl of rice probably about three quarters of a cup and a little piece of salmon and as I was playing tennis and this might be Emi so you might have to like bleep bleep bleep this out but as I was playing tennis I had to leave early I was having some issues I I had my gallbladder removed about four weeks ago and I don't think I've ever driven home so quickly in my life to run up to the bathroom and I almost shot my pants oh Ginger that's so hard but also somewhat to be expected diary is one of the most common side effects of glp-1 agonists like ozone pick especially when you're just starting out or you're upping a dose the rice is a great binding food also things like oatmeal cream of wheat toast bananas that can all help to slow down the bowels I probably try to avoid the diet coke because the caffeine can get things moving and I'd also keep food pretty mild and low in fat maybe going easy on any kind of like spicy mayo or sauces on the Poke Bowl it does make for a pretty boring diet but better than your pants in my opinion also if you are experiencing diarrhea on a drug like ozempic make sure that you are upping your water and consider an electrolyte supplement to prevent dehydration if you're dehydrated you're gonna feel like just that I'd check in it's day two after my second ozempic injection and I have had two coffees so far because I've been absent 4 30 I haven't been able to sleep and it is 11 now 11 A.M and I have had diarrhea four times already today um it doesn't feel very good oh God Ginge I know it is super hard not to double down on the caffeine when you are exhausted but definitely not gonna help the bowels okay it is shot number four today and that makes it day 22. it's May 30th so here's what I will say about week three I did not have the same symptoms as I had week two so week two I had insane diarrhea last week I was a bit tired but other than that I didn't really feel anything physically um which I think is a good sign but I was also so I had gallbladder surgery three weeks before I started a zenbeck so it was very hard I wasn't allowed to do physical activity for you know four weeks I was allowed to gradually resume at the four week Mark um so I'm graduate I've gradually resumed and last week I started you know going happy I played tennis two or three times I did Pilates um so I feel like I'm bouncing back physically but I have been so hungry so this is really not curved my appetite at this dose week three week two I was kind of afraid to eat almost because I was having so much diarrhea a case of the point on the Hunker piece I'm actually up 0.8 of a pound this week compared to last week so there's that so here we go okay so this all makes sense to me uh 0.25 milligrams is still a very low starter dose so I really wouldn't expect any dramatic results yet and the 0.8 pounds weight gain could also be totally normal fluctuations in body weight so really not a big deal now the increase in hunger is interesting but it's probably the body fighting to make up for the deficit from the week before because as Ginger said she was kind of like afraid to eat because of the diarrhea and she probably dropped a little bit of water weight as well and I mean if you've ever been super sick and like throwing up and having diarrhea and you haven't felt like eating much for a few days when you do feel better you are like ravenous trying to make up for it so it actually sounds like we're kind of on the up so far we are a month in at 0.25 milligrams starter dose no weight loss yet no major impact on appetite some significant side effects especially GI side effects but they do seem to be leveling out at this point though I would expect that she might have another rough week or so when she decides to increase the dose next Ginger will be doing four weeks at 0.5 milligrams then four weeks at one milligram and then she's either gonna stay there or move up to two milligrams depending on symptoms outcomes response Etc so there's still a very long road ahead and anything can happen here so if you're curious what a nose Epic Journey looks like from start to maintenance follow along and we'll check in with ginger in another month and on that note if you like this video please give it the thumbs up subscribe hit up my bio don't forget to download my free Hunger crushing combo ebook as Ginger said it has been revolutionary for helping her manage her appetite and I will see you next time on Abby's kitchen bye laughs

- Why Aren't I Losing Weight on Ozempic?: Kind: captions Language: en why aren't I losing weight on OIC quick recap OIC is the medication seatide and stide is marketed at 1 milligram a week for diabetes and is called OIC and it's approved and marketed at 2.4 milligram a week and called W goie for weight loss but regardless of what medication you're on for weight loss it's important to remember that different medications work differently to help you lose weight so one medication may may not be a great fit for you and another may be very beneficial so it's important to have a comprehensive discussion with your physician before choosing the best medication for you but regardless of whichever medication you're on all of them start at a really low dose and go up slowly and it's very common to not lose weight or even see the scale budge at those early low introductory doses really the purposes of those low doses is to help your body get used to the medication and reduce side effects as opposed to seeing weight loss right off the bat the other frustrating thing that can happen is social media is full of claims of Rapid significant weight loss with ozempic when really it's more realistic to see about one or two pounds a week of weight loss when you're first starting the medication it's very common to feel bloated and constipated so you may actually be losing weight and burning fat but the number on the scale may not budge and it can also be frustrating that in the past when you've gone on a really restrictive diet you might have lost weight faster but the key and the goal with this medication is long-term sustainable weight loss maintenance as opposed to a dramatic weight loss over a few months that's really hard to maintain on a super restrictive fat diet it's also important to make sure that you're not burning muscle instead of fat tissue so you want to make sure to keep your protein intake high and to incorporate resistance training into your exercise routine also remember that your weight loss will Plateau eventually you're not going to lose weight Forever on seti because it would be unsafe to do so and again the frustrating piece here is that we can't predict where each person will Plateau to eventually so it's really individualized based on the patient now the most important take home reason why you might not be losing weight on stide is if you haven't reduced your calorie intake in order for this medication to help you lose weight you have to be in a calorie deficit and so if you're eating exactly the same number of calories you ate before you started the medication and you're hoping to lose weight you're simply not going to see that change there's other factors that can also impact or sabotage your weight loss attempt and these can include chronic stress other medications that actually cause weight gain and also things like poor sleep so it's really important to have regular check-ins with your physician and address all aspects of your life and your weight loss Journey hope that helps

- Truth Behind Ozempic Weight Loss Trend ft. My Wife: Kind: captions Language: en OIC has been all over the news and social media celebrities and many others have been using it but of course they don't admit to it to properly cover the topic I asked a board-certified Internal Medicine physician Dr Elizabeth gr to help me with this topic she also happens to be my [Applause] wife hello hi we finally convinced Liz to join me for a video you're welcome so please show support in the comments so Liz what is OIC great question Dr Gary so OIC is the brand name for a medicine called semaglutide it's a Once weekly subcutaneous injectable medication um meaning that the medicine gets injected into the skin in usually the upper arm the thigh or the abdomen and it's primarily used to treat type 2 diabetes that's what it was FDA approved for initially in 2017 OIC or semaglutide belongs to a class of medications called glp1 receptor Agonist and gp1 is basically a hormone that's produced by the GI tract and so the glp1 receptor Agonist essentially work on these glp1 receptors glp1 receptors are located throughout the body but there's three main areas that we'll talk about today the first is the pancreas where it leads to the release of insulin insulin then promotes the absorption of glucose into tissues to be used for energy or to be used as a form of energy storage and this ultimately causes a decrease in blood glucose levels the second is the brain where it decreases appetite by reducing the feeling of hunger and the third is the GI tract where it slows down the movement of food and thus makes us feel feel more full in terms of dosing we generally start with semaglutide at 0.25 mg weekly and it can gradually be increased to a maximum of 2 milligram as tolerated the cost without insurance can be up to about $1,200 a month and there is another form of semaglutide called wovi and this is basically semaglutide in a higher dose and this is the medication that's actually FDA approved for weight loss but it is specifically approved for people either with obesity or who are overweight with at least one weight related condition these include conditions like high blood pressure high cholesterol and heart disease so what is OIC or semaglutide used for it was initially meant for the treatment of type 2 diabetes to help decrease blood sugar by augmenting the release of insulin but people found found that there was also this impact on weight loss and it's been studied and it has been shown to reduce weight but what they've also found is that people generally need to stay on OIC in order to maintain the weight loss in terms of risks or side effects the most common side effects that we typically see are nausea vomiting constipation sometimes diarrhea we also see dizziness increased heart rate headaches reflux even sometimes acute kidney injury which is thought to be due to dehydration from all of the nausea and the vomiting that OIC can induce it's also not recommended for people who have certain gastrointestinal tract diseases like inflammatory bowel disease things like Crohn's disease or ulcerative colitis there's also a blackbox warning for a specific type of thyroid cancer this comes from studies that were done in rodent modules that showed growth of a specific type of thyroid tumor acute pancreatitis which is a condition where the pancreas becomes uh quite inflamed has also been noted in this class of medications and it's really important to note that pancreatitis can be severe and can be fatal it's unclear what this mechanism is for this possible complication it's also unclear whether or not this has any implications for pancreatic cancer in the long run but regardless if you have a history of pancreatitis or if you develop pancreatitis while on the medication you should stop it and you should never take it again significant weight loss with drugs like OIC and wovi can change the way our faces look as we've covered in other videos we have many fat compartments throughout our face and these compartments are affected by anything that leads to weight loss such as bariatric surgery such as just a natural weight loss with diet and exercise and or with drugs like OIC and wovi as our weight drops the fat in our face decreases as well this could lead to areas appearing more Hollow more gaunt and also our skin starting to droop it may be that the faster the weight loss with these medications and the more significant the weight loss the less the body has an ability to adapt and adjust and that can lead to more sagging at a faster rate now how are celebrities involved in all of this well the cost of OIC is about $1,200 per month for off label use of OIC as a weight loss drug and that is a major expense for most people but usually not a major expense for most celebrities and similar to the lack of transparency when it comes to plastic surgery for celebrities so too with weight loss there is a similar lack of transparency for example Kim Kardashian had to fit into that Marilyn Monroe dress for the med Gala and as many have surmised including the New York Times she may have taken ozic to drop weight quickly to try to fit into that dress but remember that the safest way to lose weight is to do so gradually with these medications and with any other method as well I'm anticipating that the popularity of facial filler including fat transferred to the face will increase because of medications such as OIC I also think that the incidence of lifting procedures such as brow lifts and face lifts will increase as well because as we talked about previously there's an increased sagging that occurs when the fat in our face declines and we've been talking a lot about Buckle fat removal on this channel and the risks of that procedure and keep in mind that OIC is now introducing additional hollowing of the face so if someone's had a buckle fat removal then they go on OIC to lose further weight now they're going to look even more hollowed out gaunt and they may be looking to replace that lost volume so Liz is OIC a good idea so certainly for people who have type 2 diabetes yes I like the fact that in general it's not associated with hypoglycemia which is is when uh the blood sugar drops to a dangerously low level this can be a very serious issue for people as they're trying to get their blood sugar under control for people who are obese or are overweight with conditions like high blood pressure high cholesterol heart disease obstructive sleep apnea I think yes so Liz I've heard that there's like a shortage of OIC right now yeah this is the big problem right now um people who really need this medication are not getting it people who have type 2 diabetes who have been on this medication for years are having trouble accessing this medication Physicians who are prescribing these medications to people who don't necessarily need it resulting in you know a decrease in the supply for people who do need it I know that not all doctors are doing this but there's probably some that do that and I would say you need to take a look at yourself in the mirror and you know the other issue I see with the increased use of OIC for people who are just trying to lose that little bit of extra weight it just speaks to this kind of viewpoint that unfortunately we as a society seem to have that our bodies and I think in particular women's body bodies but certainly everyone's bodies as well we view our bodies as like a trend right now it's in to look thin but a few years ago it was trendy to look voluptuous but back in the '90s it was also very in to look very skinny I just think that we all need to learn to appreciate our bodies more and be kinder to our bodies and maybe even just learn to love ourselves a little more very well said Liz thank you we have more powerful tools than ever before with drugs such as OIC and you know they're used for treating medical ailments and they can potentially be used for improving our appearance and our self-esteem but we need to apply these tools sparingly and with caution and with proper allocation around the world if you want this see more of Dr Grand in future videos let us know in the comments below don't forget to subscribe to the channel and turn on all notifications

- Ozempic for Weight Loss-CAN IT WORK FOR YOU???: Kind: captions Language: en you've probably heard about the new medication a lot of people are talking about called ozempic or the specific weight loss of fruit medication called wigovi it's been a diabetic medication for a few years now but more and more people are starting to take it for weight loss but this is the right thing for you we're going to try and help you answer this question today by helping you know what exactly it is how effective it can be and most importantly what kind of side effects you can expect so you can decide if you want to try it so let's get a little more familiar with what exactly ozympic is the generic name for ozempic is some magnetite it's been approved in the United States for the treatment of diabetes since 2017. but in 2021 the same medication under the name of golby was approved for weight loss now zempic is called a glp-1 receptor Agonist this means that it stimulates Parts in the body called glucagon like peptides hence the glp-1 these receptors do several things that help you not only lower your blood sugar but also lose weight they play a role in helping your body produce insulin when your sugars are higher it prevents your body from releasing as much sugar from the liver and what it makes most effective for weight loss is that it lowers your appetite and slows down how quickly you digest food so so all this works together when used for weight loss in fact it's one of the most effective weight loss medications out there recent Studies have shown that the average study participant lost between 10 to 15 percent of their body weight lossenic and waveli are the same medication but the only difference between them is the pen that it comes with ozempic when used for treating diabetes is dose from 0.25 0.51 or 2 milligram injections per week well velvet comes in a single-use pen with doses ranging from 0.25 milligrams to 2.4 milligrams the magovi pens are the only ones that are actually approved for weight loss and the studies found that the higher the dose they used the more weight they lost most people do just great with this medication without any significant side effects however if you're going to have some issues with the medication the most common ones are going to be some nausea or vomiting in my experience those who get an upset stomach while taking this medication tend to get it within the first couple days of the injection it'll last for a day or two and then starts to subside I've seen the Nazi go away completely with people but unfortunately in some no matter what they do they just don't tolerate it you can also get side effects of diarrhea or constipation abdominal pain and heart because it is a medication designed for diabetes it is possible that you can get low blood sugars especially if you're in other medications that can lower your sugars so those are the main common side effects that we see like I said the most common one is going to be nausea but there are some things that you can do to minimize it so let's talk about these if you remember one of the things that ozepik does is slow down how quickly food passes through the stomach that's the main reason that you can get some nausea so the first thing you need to do to avoid this is cut down under portions the more you put in your stomach the longer it's going to sit there and it's going to make you feel sick also you should avoid eating fried or greasy Foods avoid laying down after you eat as well as eating slower we tend to see the amount of nausea depends on the dose that you're taking one little trick that I learned is that with the ozampic pen as you dial between the official doses it does increase with each click the amount of medication that's delivered so if after increasing the dose you start to get really nauseated you can go back to the previous dose and then slowly increase it by a click or two each week until you get to the dose desired I've seen this be really effective in getting used to the medication without the same size side effect but make sure you talk with your own doctor though before taking any changes in your doses there is one possible side effect that you need to be aware of this isn't common at all but it has been reported it does appear that in some it can increase your risk for a condition called pancreatitis this is where the pancreas gets inflamed and starts to release digestive enzymes into your body can be a very serious condition so if you start having abdominal pain upon the start of the medication make sure you contact your doctor right away now for the biggest side effect of them all I'm probably the one that's going to keep you the majority of you from taking it we've seen that the vast majority of people taking this medication tend to notice over time a significant decrease in their bank account that's right ozenpic and the specific weight loss medication with Govi are super expensive if you're paying for it all yourself you're looking at around 900 a month or more now when you're using this for weight loss most insurances aren't covering it so it's going to be really hard to pay for it there are some savings coupons and patient assistance programs out there so go to the manufacturer's website and look for any savings that you may qualify for there are some people that should not take this medication of course you should avoid it if you're allergic to it but also if you have a history of pancreatitis you should be cautious as it increases your risk of having another attack there is a group of people however that until more studies are done should avoid taking it all together if you have a personal history or a family history of a rare kind of thyroid cancer called medullary thyroid cancer or multiple endocrine neoplasia 2A or 2B you shouldn't take it there is a theoretic risk that it can cause cancer in these people ozempic or white gold we have been shown to be effective in helping patients lose weight overall for the majority of patients it's safe and well tolerated but honestly sometimes it's hard to justify the cost but for some it may just be the thing to help you lose weight especially if you're having struggles with doing it on your own so it's probably worth talking to your doctor about it and see if it's right for you even with as effective as it is it's still isn't going to replace making those important changes in your life that are going to give you long-lasting success because it is so hard we've tried to make it easier by showing you in this video right here six simple steps that you can do to start on your weight loss Journey it's not an easy path but it's key to helping you be as healthy as you want to be

- The Truth About Ozempic for PCOS Weight Loss!: Kind: captions Language: en Hey sisters welcome back to my Channel today we're diving into a Hot Topic the use of ozempic for PCOS weight loss as always I want to emphasize that the information discussed in this video is not a substitute for professional medical advice so be sure to consult your healthcare provider before making any decisions about your health my name is taline and I'm a registered dietitian I reverse my own PCOS and lost 30 pounds and I'm here to help you do the same go ahead and hit that subscribe button if you're ready to learn more about PCOS weight loss [Music] PCOS affects millions of women worldwide causing hormonal imbalances that can lead to a range of symptoms including weight gain ozempic is a medication that's prescribed for diabetes management but it has also gained attention for its potential benefits in PCOS weight management this is because PCOS is considered diabetes of the ovaries eighty percent of women with PCOS have insulin resistance and that triggers high testosterone in your ovaries high testosterone in your ovaries leads to PCOS symptoms like irregular periods and ovulatory Cycles weight gain and fertility issues to learn more about insulin resistance and its effect on PCOS check out the video I did on insulin resistance and PCOS before we delve deeper let's take a look at some research findings a study published in the journal of clinical endocrinology and Metabolism in 2020 explore the effects of ozempic on women with PCOS the trial involved 300 participants and it was observed that those who received ozempic injections over a 26 week period which is 6.5 months experienced an average weight loss of 10 to 15 pounds also participants reported improvements in insulin resistance menstrual regularity and fertility markers now this may sound appealing especially if you struggle to lose even one pound with PCOS but 10 to 15 pounds in six and a half months is like losing two pounds a month I've personally seen women with PCOS lose 10 pounds in one month after following our method and these are women who haven't seen PCOS weight loss and the scale go down in years now I'm not saying that our method is for everyone or that ozembic is for no one but I do believe that it's important to make an informed decision when you decide or if you decide to take drugs like this it's important to note that the effects of weight loss do not last forever unless you continue taking the drug and I know it can be difficult to lose weight with PCOS but trust me with treating the root cause of your PCOS you can see incredible life-changing results take my quiz in the description to help you discover your PCOS type and get started so how does ozempic work ozempeg also known as semiglutide belongs to a class of medications called glp-1 receptor agonists it works by stimulating insulin production reducing your appetite and slowing down the emptying of your stomach which can lead to weight loss women with PCOS don't make enough glp-1 and ozempic mimics glp1 so that's why it's become more popular nevertheless it's an endocrine disruptor and if you do choose to go on it there should be an Exit Plan put into place to help you keep that weight off whenever you decide not to take it anymore while zenpic is primarily used for managing diabetes its potential benefits for PCOS stem from its ability to address insulin resistance which is a significant factor in PCOS related weight gain it's important to note that addressing insulin resistance naturally and with the support of supplements like ovacitol can be a very effective way in reversing your PCOS symptoms I've linked to a versatile in the description it's the most researched supplement for PCOS women and is 35 more effective at helping us lose weight when compared with metformin so is ozempic a one-size-fits-all solution for PCOS weight loss not necessarily while the research shows promising results it's essential to remember that every individual's response to medications varies ozempic might work wonders for some women with PCOS but for others it may not be as effective or appropriate so it's crucial for women with PCOS to work closely with their health care providers to find the best approach for their unique needs Pharmaceuticals should be used as a bridge to help not a permanent part of your PCOS management a whole body approach is essential in managing PCOS and its Associated symptoms that can disrupt your life lifestyle modifications such as trying to go gluten dairy free lifting weights three to four times a week and stress management are also crucial in achieving weight loss and long-term results for PCOS women so what about the side effects of ozempic well it's essential to be aware of potential side effects when considering any medication ozempic is actually administered as a shot common side effects of ozempic include nausea diarrhea and decreased appetite some people may also experience low blood sugar levels as well as ozempic face that's when you get sagging skin and an older appearance like a gaunt face and this happens when people are abusing it and taking too much of it and so it's melting the fat in their faces and making women and people who take it look older because they're losing weight too quickly and by the way it's important to note that this side effect could be irreversible with all that being said there are actually natural ways for you to improve insulin sensitivity and even improve glp-1 receptors you can check out my video on how to lose weight with PCOS in four weeks I hope you enjoyed this video don't forget to like comment and subscribe be sure to share this video with anyone you know who has PCOS we want to reach everyone in our community so they too can learn how to reverse their symptoms and thrive foreign

- The BEST Ozempic Diet Plan (What to Eat for MAX Weight Loss!): Kind: captions Language: en if you are on a gp1 such as OIC or monjaro and wondering what to eat for the best weight loss results you are definitely not alone a lot of people assume the medication will do all the work like it's a Magic Bullet of some sort but that's not true your nutrition plays a huge role in how well these medications will work for you and eating the wrong foods can slow down your progress while eating the right foods will absolutely maximize fat loss keep your metabolism high and help prevent side effects in this video I'm going to break down exactly what to eat for the best results what foods to avoid and the number one mistake I find many of the people make every day while on gp1s and that slows down their weight loss without them even realizing so let's get started first let's talk about the three Key Food nutrients which are routinely ignored but you need to focus on a lot while taking OIC or monjaro and that's protein fiber and healthy fats let's start with protein proteins prevent muscle loss and boost metabolism first let's talk about protein and its benefits so one of the biggest risk of being on OIC is muscle loss or lean muscle mass loss and since these medications reduce appetite many people end up eating way too little protein and insufficient resistance training coupled with uh too little protein intake leads to muscle breakdown a slower metabolism and a weaker body overall and this is definitely preventable and not the outcome we want you want to aim for at least 80 to 100 gram of protein per day minimum I mean that's the bottom line and if you're working out or trying to actually build muscle you will need to eat even more so check out my calculator in the description below to get that dialed in some of the best protein include chicken fish eggs Greek yogurt lean beef and if you're plant-based you can do uh tofu Tempe and lentils um I don't routinely say this but if you are really struggling to eat enough protein which a lot of Americans do a high quality protein shake is one way to get extra grams in to get closer to your goal at the end of the day but only after you have done everything you can to consume all the whole protein you possibly can let's talk about another nutrient fiber uh you're probably wondering why we're talking about fiber and and saying hey carbohydrates the third macronutrient what's up with this fiber stuff and you're right carbohydrates is the third macronutrient as a class but you didn't know that fiber is also a type of carbohydrate that actually passes through your digestive system undigested and this is one way it supports regular bowel movements by drawing in water into your stool and making the bowels move easier fiber has other important health benefits for cardiovascular health as Studies have suggested fiber helps lower cholesterol it lowers blood pressure and it lowers inflammation in the body overall it also promotes gut health by serving as nutrient for your gut biome and fiber helps prevent diabetes on top of all this fiber can also improve blood sugar levels for people already diagnosed with diabetes and it sounds like fiber needs to be considered as a superfood yet only 7% of the US population actually gets the recommended daily intake of fiber and if you know anything about gp1s you know one of the most common and bothersome side effects of OIC is constipation this happens because the medication slows down digestion making it harder for your body to pass food through your system fiber can absolutely help you with that issue and to prevent this you should aim for at least 25 to 30 gram of fiber per day and some of the best sources of fiber let me tell you leafy greens avocados chia seeds and flax seeds you got berries you can have whole grains of course celium husk bowel movement promoting teas like ones containing Senna are some of my go-to recommendations here in the office if after trying all of that you still dealing with severe constip adding magnesium citrate can help get things moving but I highly recommend speaking to your doctor before trying magnesium as it can cause um high magnesium levels which can give you other unwanted side effects I want you to avoid that absolutely right so let's talk about healthy fats these help keep you full and supports your hormone health studies show healthy fats keep you Fuller for longer and support Hormone Health but the type of fat you eat matters the best sources of healthy fats are uh again avocados olive oil nuts and seeds fatty fish on the other hand you may want to avoid heavily processed seed oils like canola oil or soybean oil or and corn oil as well as fried foods these can in some instances cause increased inflammation and gut issues and poor metabolic Health but there are some studies that show the inflammatory effects of seed oils may be grossly overstated and this makes like many topics in medicine controversial in our community so if you do well with seeds oils it may make sense for you to continue taking them into your body especially if they aren't a huge portion of your nutrition well here's the number one diet mistake that slows weight loss and here I use the dword on purpose because I think most people believe the biggest part of any weight loss journey is actually calorie restriction you know fat diets uh taking down your calories to zero which most people think diet is but it's actually nutrition which is the part that makes a huge differ um this leads to the number one mistake I see people make all the time on oing and monjaro and that is actually eating way too little now I know that sounds crazy after all the medications are given to non-diabetics in most cases to help significantly reduce their appetite right but um a weird thing happens if you eat too little your body will actually start slowing your metabolism down holding on to fat and actually burn muscle instead of the stored weight that you have it's like a metabolic thermostat and it resets according to your calorie intake and this is the mechanism by which so many people hit a plateau oh and I just said the word Plateau so you know what time it [Music] is yeah anyway like I was saying setting your calorie intake too low is a common mistake and why so many people stall after the first few months of taking OIC or any of the other glp ones they're not eating enough to keep their metabolism running efficiently and energy levels drop accordingly making it even harder to exercise making it sometimes impossible for some folks to avoid this mistake you want to make sure you're the lowest you're eating in in calories is anywhere between 1,200 to 1,500 Cal calories per day unless you're advised otherwise by your doctor your calorie intake is based on your height your weight your gender your age and highly influenced by your activity levels the exercise you do every day this is a point I reinforce daily when I'm coaching uh patients on lifestyle modifications here in the office it's not about eating less it's about eating strategically make sure you're getting enough protein fiber healthy fats and complex carbohydrates to power your body through the day while you stay full and you continue to lose weight another reason why the free calculator I designed in the description below is extremely useful take advantage of it now let's talk about the foods you should avoid while taking glp1 Agonist like OIC munaro Zep bound wovi whichever Ultra processed junk food these slow down fat loss even if you're eating less the quality of your food still matters processed foods are a major cause of inflammation and blood sugar spikes which slow fat loss over time and promote weight gain which is clearly not what you want if you're on these medications for the reasons of weight loss or obesity or or or overweight whatever it is that you have some of the worst offenders of this type of food are chips pastries frozen dinners sodas candies fruit juices with all types of fake stuff in them processed lunch meat some cheeses instead focus on Whole Foods like lean proteins whole grains and fresh produce let's talk about your fried and greasy fruits they trigger nausea and digestive issues when you're on these medications a lot of people report feeling sick after eating a high-fat fried meal while on OIC and that's because these medications slow digestion and the greasy Foods sit in your stomach for longer and your intestines for longer and cause nausea if you notice this happening to you you got got to try switching to baked grilled or air fried versions of your favorite meals one of the big offenders here is liquid calories wasted calories that don't keep you full sugary drinks are a major problem because they are high in calories but don't actually keep you full some of the biggest culprits are sodas fruit juices uh some fancy coffee drinks loaded with sugar and syrup and all that good stuff bad stuff instead stick to black coffee tea sparkling water or protein smoothies with f to keep you full without unnecessary calories like I said a few minutes ago um protein shakes aren't my favorite thing to recommend because uh by definition they are processed foods but are at times an an absolutely necessary evil to reach your protein goals it is what it is so do what you can to avoid it but don't swear it off if you need to so let's talk about the perfect um OIC meal plan what does it look like now that you learned about the integral parts of a glp1 diet what does a perfect day of eating on GP ones like kmic actually look like breakfast h high protein and fiber we can go for stuff like scrambled eggs with avocado and a whole wheat toast or if you like Greek yogurt with berries and chia seeds um or you can just do a protein smoothie with spinach and almond milk for lunch keep the balanced meal um for your energy up you got to get through the day grilled chicken with quinoa and roasted veggies that's an option turkey with uh avocado it could be a whole wheat wrap awesome salmon with brown rice and steamed vegetables is another option for dinner we want to keep it light but nutrient dense right baked cod with sweet potatoes and broccoli is one option or stir fry with tofu brown rice and vegetables awesome grilled steak with mashed cauliflower and asparagus that's a great option if you need snacks throughout the day you can do a handful of almonds you can do an apple with peanut butter hard boil eggs these are the kinds of balance eating the approach that you want that will maximize your weight loss while keeping energy levels High while on glp1 medications like OIC and keep the side effects and The Unwanted um side effects to a minimum so there you have it the best doic diet plan to help you lose weight faster prevent side effects and avoid plateau and also the wise behind of all these choices which of these tips surprise you the most let me know in the comments below and if you want to make sure you're doing everything right I put together a free 10 a glp1 boot camp video guide to get you through the process step by step you can check it out in the link below in the description and don't forget to like And subscribe if you find this channel helpful it helps us well it helps the channel a ton stay healthy stay informed and I will see you soon

- 10 Ozempic & Mounjaro MISTAKES That SLOW Your Weight Loss (Avoid These!): Kind: captions Language: en if you're on OIC or monjaro and you're not losing weight as fast as you expected chances are you're probably making at least one of these 10 mistakes and the worst part most people don't even realize they're doing it in the next few minutes I'm going to break down the 10 most common mistakes I see here in my practice on my 350 plus consults every month so you can fix them and start seeing Real Results and trust me mistake number 10 is one that even experienced users are guilty of so let's jump in number one injecting in the same spot every time did you know injecting in the same spot over and over can actually make the medications less effective over time scar tissues begins to build up and and it makes it harder for the medication to absorb properly I had a patient who kept injecting in the exact same spot on her stomach she started noticing that her appetite suppression wasn't as strong as it used to be in at the beginning so we switched up her injection sites and within a couple of weeks her results improved and the weight just started coming off so the fix is to rotate between your stomach thigh and upper arm if you can and even if one of those spots is your favorite don't get lazy remember to continue to switch it up mistake number two eating too little I get it these medications can and will curb your appetite but if you're barely eating your body will slow your metabolism to compensate and that can actually stall your weight loss so here's the fix remember to prioritize protein you need at least 80 to 100 gram of protein per day to maintain muscle mass not eating enough makes you lose muscle instead of fat which is not what we want and here's a trick if you're struggling to hit that protein number try a protein shake or Greek yogurt as an easy boost at the end to get you over the line at the end of the day mistake number three not drinking enough water dehydration is sneaky it can feel like hunger cause you to have fatigue and even slow digestion making these medications even less effective so how do you know if you're drinking enough water here's a quick way to de look at your urine if it's dark yellow you're probably not drinking enough if it's light yellow or clear you're probably good on water intake aim for half your body weight in ounces per day if you weigh about 200 lb drink at least 100 ounces of water and if you're feeling constipated add electrolytes and even more water it makes a huge difference mistake number four ignoring strength training weight loss is great but if you're not strength training you're losing too much muscle and that slows down your metabolism in the long run here's something interesting I had happened um two patients one walked every day and the other did light strength training about twice a week after 6 months they both lost about the same amount of weight but the one who lifted weights burned more fat and kept their metabolism higher over that span of time so you don't need to lift crazy weights it's just about body weight exercise resistance bands or or like dumbbells two to three times per week will absolutely do the trick mistake number five only tracking the scale and we've talked about this before the scale does not tell the whole story I've had patients come in frustrated because their weight didn't change for two weeks at a time yet their clothes were looser and they looked great walking into the room so track your progress photos um do waist measurements and check how your clothes fits if you're feeling better that's progress even if the scale is not moving have you ever had a non-scale victory go ahead and drop a comment below um we'd all love to hear it it's great motivation for everybody in the comment section mistake number six not prioritizing protein we just talked about this but let's talk about it again it's that important protein is key for maintaining muscle keeping you full and preventing plateaus most people on these meds on gp1s aren't eating enough protein so focus on lean proteins like chicken fish eggs Greek yogurt stuff like that try 30% of your daily calories from protein try to start around 30 you can even you know bump it up to 35 if you want to mistake number seven thinking the Medicaid does all the work these meds are not Magic Bullets they help but they don't replace healthy habits I see it all the time people rely on the injection but don't change their diet or exercise and when they stop they regain the weight later the fix here is to use these medications as a tool but don't let it be the only thing driving your weight loss look for a y attach your your weight loss to a y and get going mistake number eight not managing stress and sleep we talked about this on many other videos high stress and bad sleep mess with your metabolism in a bad way and when you don't sleep at all your body produces more cortisol which is a stress hormone which makes weight loss even harder so what do we need to do here aim for about 7 to 7 and a half hours of sleep per night and manage your stress um using exercise journaling or simply taking a break uh disconnecting from screens especially before bedtime mistake number nine overeating high fat or processed foods now this is a big no no obviously even if you're eating less processed junk um food slows your weight loss and messes with your blood sugar so to fix here swap out processed foods for whole nutrient-dense meals like lean proteins rich in fiber uh veggies that are rich in fiber and healthy fats like avocado and here is mistake number 10 skipping doses or stopping too soon skipping doses or stopping too soon or not being consistent with the injections overall ruins your progress these meds work best when you are consistent like you are with your lifestyle modification changes so set reminders schedule injections at the same time each week just about the same time and don't stop too soon unless advised by your doctor got to come gradually off these medications or you may have an issue with bouncing back all right now that you know the 10 biggest mistakes I see here in the office which one have you made if you have made any go ahead and drop that mistake down in the comment below I read a lot of them I'm not going to say I read them all but I read a lot of them and other people want to see them too and if you want to make sure you're doing everything right tonight I've made you a free 10day glp1 boot camp video series to help you maximize your results check the link below to get started stay healthy stay informed and I'll see you soon

- Ozempic for Diabetes: What you NEED TO KNOW!: Kind: captions Language: en today we're talking about ozempic one of the newest and most effective treatments for type 2 diabetes but it's not for everybody and there are some side effects you need to know about before starting it so the question that you need to answer is if this medication is for you we're going to try and help you answer this question today by helping you know exactly what it is how effective it can be and most importantly what kind of side effects you can expect so you can decide if you want to try it so let's get a little more familiar with what exactly was epic is the generic name for rosemptic is semicolotide it's been approved in the United States for treatment of diabetes since 2017. Olympics call the glp-1 receptor Agonist now this means that it stimulates Parts in the body called glucagon-like peptides hence the glp-1 these receptors do several things that help not only lower your blood sugars but also to lose weight now the two main ways it helps you lower your blood sugars is by helping your pancreas produce more insulin as well as decreasing how much glucose is released from the liver it also slows down digestion that helps prevent glucose spikes and curbs appetite all this works together to help lower your blood sugar and studies that the average lowering of the A1C now the that's a lab that shows your average blood sugars over the past three months goes down by 1.6 percent that's a really big drop but not only that in diabetes there's also great data to show that it also lowers your risk for dying from heart disease heart attacks and strobes ozempic is an injectable medication that comes in a pre-filled syringe its doses range from 0.25 milligrams 0.5 1 or 2 milligram injections per week with improved blood sugar lowering the higher dose you go most people do just great with the medication without any significant side effects however if you're going to have some issues with the medication the most common ones you're going to be are nausea or vomiting in my experience those who get in upsets them while taking the medication tend to get it within the first couple days of the injection it lasts for a day or two and then starts to subside you can also get side effects of diarrhea or constipation abdominal pain and heartburn because its whole design is the lower blood sugar it's also possible you can get a drop in your blood sugars so those are the main side effects that we see like I said the most common one is going to be nausea but there are some things that you can do to minimize it so let's talk about that if you remember one of the things that those impact does is slow down how quickly food passes through the stomach so the first thing you need to do to avoid this is cut down on your portions the more you put in your stomach the longer it's going to sit there and it's going to make you feel sick also you should avoid eating fried or greasy Foods avoid lighting down after you eat and eat slower we tend to see the amount of nausea depends on the dose that you're taking so a little trick that I learned is that with the ozampic pen as you dial between the official doses it does increase how much medicine you receive with each click of the dial so if after increasing the dose you start getting more stomach symptoms you can go back to the previous dose and then slowly increase it by a click or two each week until you get to the desired dose I've seen this be really effective in getting used to medication without the same side effects but make sure you talk to your own doctor though before making any changes to the doses you're using there is one possible side effect though that you need to be aware of this is not common at all but it has been reported it does appear that in some it can increase your risk for a condition called pancreatitis this is where your pancreas gets inflamed and starts to release digestive enzymes into your body it can be a very serious condition so if you start having severe abdominal pain upon starting the medication make sure you contact your doctor right away now for the biggest side effect of them all and probably the one that seems to keep my patients from taking it the most we've seen a lot of people taking this medication that they tend to notice over time a significant decrease in their bank account that's right well zenpa can be super expensive if you're paying for it all yourself you're looking around 900 or more a month and if you're using it just for weight loss good luck getting the insurances to cover it now if you do have insurance then it's likely also going to be subjected to the higher co-pay or if you're on Medicare and push into the donut hole pretty quick so if you're having a hard time paying for it look for coupons or the patient Assistance programs that the insurance company offers and there may be some help out there for you to afford it there are some people that should not take this medication of course you should avoid it if you're allergic to it but also if you have a history of pancreatitis you should be cautious is that it can increase your risk of having another attack there is a group of people however that until more studies are done should avoid taking it all together if you have a personal family history of a rare kind of thyroid cancer called medullary thyroid cancer or multiple endocrine neoplasia 2A or 2B you shouldn't take it there is a theoretic risk that it can cause cancer in these people ozepik has been shown to be a very effective medication control your blood sugar overall for the majority of patients it's safe and well tolerated and gives you the increased benefit of lowering your risk of heart disease stroke and even weight loss but even as effective as it is it shouldn't replace making those important changes in your life that are going to give you long-lasting success but because it's so hard we've tried to make it a little bit easier by showing you in this video right here ways that you can tackle your diabetes through important Lifestyle Changes medications are important part of getting your diabetes under control but taking charge of your lifestyle is key to helping you be as healthy as you can

- 8 Things I Wish I Knew On Day 1 Of Zepbound: Kind: captions Language: en Starting a GLP-1 medication is exciting. There's no doubt about it. But that first month can seem a little bit overwhelming. So, in this video, I'm going to walk you through what to expect your first month and more importantly, how to make this journey sustainable so that you're successful long term. Now, before anything, I just want to congratulate you on taking this first step. And I know I sound like a broken record because I've said this so many times, but starting Zepbound was the best decision I could have ever made for my health. and I would absolutely do it again in a heartbeat. Zero regrets. So, if you are new here, my name is Jill. I'm 44. I'm a mom of 10 and I've been on Zepbound since February of 2024. So, I think it's like 15 months now. I have lost a total of 80 lbs and I am on 5 millig. So, I remember being where you are now and feeling hopeful but nervous and a little skeptical. I wasn't really sure if this medication was going to work or not, but I decided to just give it a shot. no pun intended. This video is really just things that I wish I had known when I started my journey, and hopefully you find it helpful. The first thing to keep in mind is that you may have to come up with some kind of an eating schedule. Not everybody needs to do this, but a lot of people on these medications just don't get hungry. They just do not have an appetite. They don't have the desire to eat. And you know, I know that sounds appealing when you're trying to lose weight, but your body still needs food. And so I think having a schedule that you can stick to will help you make sure that you're getting enough calories each day. That's number one. My second tip for building a routine is having a water goal. So some of you can drink a gallon of water each day and that's amazing. That's wonderful. But some of you are a little more challenged in that area like I am. And so maybe just half your body weight in ounces is a good place to start. But whatever it is that you decide, I do think it's important to have some goal that you try to reach each day because number one, it's going to help with the nauseousness, which a lot of people on these medications do complain about feeling nauseous. But number two, it's really going to help things keep moving because as we know, these medications work by or one of the ways they work is by slowing down your digestion. And so making sure that you're hydrated is going to make sure that everything is moving so that you're not dealing with constipation, which is a pretty big issue for a lot of people on these medications. So whatever goal it is that you have in mind, make sure that you come up with something so that you're not winging it because chances are you're probably not going to be feeling very hungry and you're probably also not going to be feeling very thirsty, but your body still needs water. So definitely keep that in mind. So, those are just a couple of tips in helping you build like a solid routine. But now, I want to talk about your diet. And I think it's so important when you're on these medications to make every bite count because your appetite is just less. And so, you don't want to waste it on empty calories. My number one tip is making sure that you're prioritizing protein. Protein is going to be a huge part of this journey. It's going to help you preserve the muscle that you have so that you keep your metabolism strong and that you look healthy and strong at the end of this. If you're working with a dietitian, then absolutely let them guide you here. But I wasn't and so I liked the 1 g of protein per pound of ideal body weight. So my ideal body weight was 130 lbs. And so I aimed for 130 gram of protein. Doesn't mean that I got that every single day, but I did get pretty close. And so, however it is that you decide to calculate your protein needs, just make sure that you're focusing on protein. Another thing you want to focus on in your diet is fiber. Now, the typical American diet is not generally speaking high fiber. And so, a lot of people tend to have to supplement with either like benapiber, like the powder that you um mix into your drink or fiber gummies or whatever, it's best to get it in food. But if you're gonna do it with supplements, then you want to make sure that you start off slow. Don't just go from like hardly any fiber to 30 grams of fiber because that's going to cause problems. And these medications work by slowing down your digestion. So you want to make sure that you're not adding to that by, you know, going too fast. So increase your fiber slowly and make sure that you're also increasing your water because if you increase your fiber and you're not drinking enough water, that's a recipe for disaster. And instead of helping to keep things moving, you're going to add to um your troubles. But fiber definitely is going to help you with staying full for longer, especially if you feel like the medication isn't that strong and you don't really have a lot of that appetite suppression. It's definitely going to be helpful for that. but it's also going to be helpful for keeping things moving. The other thing you want to add into your diet are healthy fats. So, think of avocado, nuts, um, olive oil, things like that. But you do have to be careful because these are high calorie foods and they definitely can add up really quickly. So, just be careful with those. But you want to avoid like greasy fried foods. Those are things that are just not going to go well for you on this medication. And that's because again, these medications work by slowing down your digestion. And so having something so heavy sitting in your stomach for hours and hours is just it's not going to feel great, especially if you have like if you already deal with like heartburn or acid reflux or anything like that. Yeah, it's not a good combination. And I see a lot of people regret eating those foods. So, it's best to just avoid them. And not to mention those foods are loaded with calories and they're not exactly nutritious. So yeah, just just skip them alto together. So I just looked at myself in the camera and realized that it looks like I'm glowing. And it's because the sun is hitting my metal roof and it's just reflecting back at me. So hopefully it's not too much of a distraction. I'm I'm sorry. I'll see if I could do something with the lighting. But anyhow, the next area that you should focus on is preventing common side effects. And I think being proactive here can really go a long way in keeping you feeling comfortable on this journey. So number one, a lot of people deal with constipation. So, we kind of talked about this already, but if you're someone that already deals with that, then it might not be a bad idea to add in something like Mirillax or choleace or magnesium or just something to help you in that area because you definitely want to make sure that you stay ahead of it so that you don't have any problems. So, that's tip number one. Another common side effect is nausea. And I think that's usually just in that first month or so when your body is getting used to the medication. So for me it was like those first 2 or 3 days after each injection but again it was only for that first month. I'm pretty sure after that I really wasn't dealing with nauseousness um feeling nauseous. So I think um having small meals throughout the day will help a lot with that. If you're going long periods of time without eating that's you know definitely not not going to be good. Um and then of course you could do things just to kind of alleviate the symptoms. So like ginger tea, peppermint tea, those are um good options. And finally, stay on a dose as long as possible as long as it's working of course, but um higher doses don't necessarily mean faster weight loss, but it can mean worse side effects, especially if your body is not ready for them. So I'll always take the slow and steady approach to this. Um, I recently did a video on this and I kind of just walked through my thought process on how I decide if I should stay on a dose or go up. And I actually made this cute little flowchart that I'm so proud of that that you could uh print out or just take a screenshot of and keep it handy so that you know when you're deciding if you should go up in dose, you can kind of refer back to that. And the very last thing I want you to focus on is planning ahead to maximize your success, which basically just means coming up with easy systems. So for me that looked like meal prepping. Now I will admit I have not done any meal prepping in quite a while but I heavily relied on that in the beginning and it was just so helpful having food that was already done that I didn't have to think about and I could just heat up and eat. Especially when you're feeling tired or unmotivated to eat cuz you just don't have an appetite. And so the last thing you want to do is eat, let alone cook food. It was just really helpful having those meals waiting for me in the fridge. And I do have a playlist where I've shared some of these meals. So, I'll link that in case uh you want some ideas. But I think that even if you're not meal prepping like an entire meal, just batch cooking your protein can really help and go a long way because if it's already done for you and it's just in the fridge, you don't have to worry about it. You're more likely to make a better food choice and reach your protein goals. So, I think just doing that, like just batch cooking your protein is going to really help you and save a lot of time and keep you on track. Your first month on Zepbound is really just about building a strong foundation. You don't have to do any of these things perfectly, but I think it's important to build a routine and do them consistently so that you have long-term success on this medication. I hope you found this video helpful, guys. I will see you on the next one. Bye.

- COMPLETE Guide to Zepbound Ep 1| Everything You Need To Know To Get Started #weightloss: Kind: captions Language: en Hello. Welcome to a video series about Zepbound The newly approved anti-obesity medication by Eli Lilly. I'm Dr. Brian Hartman, a physician with the telehealth company Emerge. And we're going to cover how it works. The FDA indications for this medication. Who should not take the medication. Side effects, dosing the cost of it, and how to save money Considerations on maintenance and what happens when you stop it. I know what you're thinking. Won't this make a fantastic video series? Make sure you like the video and subscribe to the channel so you can be notified when the new videos drop. Now, this first video is the general foundation For someone considering using Zepbound to assist in the treatment of obesity. The first thing to understand that obesity is a chronic condition. It can be treated and managed and even put into remission. But generally, the physiology, genetics and behavioral aspects that led to obesity in the first place are still there. Society seems to enjoy stigmatizing those with obese as lazy, slow, incompetent or any other number of pejoratives. Would we say the same thing about someone with high blood pressure, high cholesterol, depression? We actually used to. High blood pressure is felt to be a lifestyle issue until we learned about hormones, genetics, renal artery stenosis and so much more. Obesity is a disease that's generally obvious to anyone looking at us, so it's easy to comment on and form opinions about. That doesn't make it right. The fact is there are over 80 genes that contribute to the disease of obesity. How we are raised plays a big role as well. Did you know that whether you're breastfed or bottle fed can contribute? That's right. Babies who are breastfed have a lower lifetime risk of obesity than ones who are bottle fed. A bottle fed child is usually fed until the bottle's gone. That don't leave any food on your plate mentality immediately from birth. the breastfed children learn to self satiate, eat until full and then stop. Don't you wish she felt that way now? That last point brings up another issue. Eating when we're not hungry. This can be emotional eating to deal stress, compulsive eating disorders or dysregulation of our satiety centers where a body just does not feel full as quickly as other people. Now, there are many hormonal feedback loops for hunger and feeling full. Ghrellin and Leptin are the main ones. Ghrelin increases our hunger and Leptin reduces it. Obviously, this is a simplification. There's many more hormones at play, but it'll do for this video. Leptin is made in our fat cells. The more fat we have, the more leptin we have. Shouldn't that be a formula for preventing obesity? Sure. But that's not how it works. Our bodies become resistant to leptin because of the chronically high levels, so there's less negative feedback on our hunger drive. Also, when we start to lose weight, our leptin levels plummet. Our body does not like to lose weight. It thinks we're in a famine, right? And it tries to hold on to as much energy as that can. Now, medications such as Saxenda, Wegovy, and Zepbound are called GLP one receptor agonist. This means they activate the glucagon like peptide receptor to induce changes in our body. Now this receptor leads to increased insulin release in response to higher glucose called an increase in effect and why they started as a diabetes medication. You know what else helps treat type two diabetes? Significant weight loss, double benefit! GLP medications are incredibly effective at lowering A1C. I have a patient who took A1C from 9.7 to 5.4 in less than a year. She feels great. The GLP receptors in the gut reduced motility or movement of food through our intestines. This helps us feel full longer and reduce our appetite. It's also why nausea is a major side effect. Your stomach stays distended, giving us that too much feeling if we overdo it or eat too many carbs. Our body wants to shoot them through our system. They also reduce glucagon secretion, which is a hormone that causes the liver to create glucose and raise our serum levels. Additionally, GLP affects the chemistry of our brain and lead to decreased hunger. It has been shown to have anti-inflammatory effects. Cardioprotective effects leading to significantly decreased risk of major adverse cardiac events defined as heart attack, stroke or death in patients with preexisting heart disease. It can reduce nonalcoholic fatty liver disease and steatohepatitis. That's currently the number one cause of liver failure in the United States. It has moved beyond alcohol The most effective GLP medications are injectables, usually once a week. There are oral formulations for the treatment of diabetes, but those have much lower weight loss at the approved doses. Rybelsus, for example, is the same medication as those epic, but in the oral form. Patients on the top dose lost 8 pounds. There are studies being done with massively increased doses of the oral version, which are showing impressive results with minimal side effects. Now, in the coming years, I expect these to be approved for weight loss and give similar results to the current injectables. The SURMOUNT-1 trial showed the weight loss effects with Mounjaro, or Zepbound, Now this is in patients with obesity, but not diabetes. It was a 72 week trial where patients are randomized to receive certain dosing schedules. Amazingly, those on five milligrams just one third the top dose, lost 15% of their body weight on average. The ten milligram group lost 19.5% and 15 milligrams lost 20.9% in 72 weeks. Interestingly, a 50% increase from dosage from the ten to the 15 only led to another 1.4% weight loss. Now, this suggests maybe ten milligrams might be the sweet spot to maximize effects while minimizing side effects because the overall goal is the lowest effective dose of the medication, which is usually the right dose. The placebo arm lost 3%, also showing that placebos work, as does diet exercise counseling, which was part of the study. Now, this means if you weight 300 pounds at the start of therapy, you could on average lose 63 pounds after a year and reduce your weight to 237. This massively reduces your risk of diabetes, heart attack, stroke, arthritis, nonalcoholic liver disease, and many kinds of cancer, and so much more. The good news is there are even better injectables coming. Tirzepatide, again Mounjaro or Zepbound, binds two receptors and offers about a 21% weight loss in just over a year. There are three and four receptor medications coming that are likely to meet or exceed the usual weight loss seen with even Roux En Y gastric bypass. It's an amazing thing to witness these advances and to be part of it. Now, the stock market is also noticing. Eli Lilly stock has quadrupled in the last four years, while Pfizer, the king of COVID, has been flat over the same time period. Now, thank you for watching this first video. I hope you'll continue watching as we dive deeper into Zepbound for the treatment of obesity. If you're interested in pursuing medical weight loss with us, visit our website at https://Emergefor.me/ For more information, We're currently licensed in 11 states and can handle urgent care needs as well. Thanks for watching and let's get healthy together.

- 10 MUST KNOW TIPS TO SUCCESSFUL MOUNJARO/ZEPBOUND WEIGHT LOSS: Kind: captions Language: en hey there it's Jen here and today I've got something super important in my opinion to talk about and that's success on manaro and Zep Bound for weight loss like what do you need to know to be successful while taking Manjaro and Zep bound and really this can apply to OIC and wovi as well now I know it might sound complicated but trust me I've got your back with these top 10 tips that are going to make your weight loss Journey a whole lot smoother um I've been on mararo and Zep bound or actually mainly mararo for 16 months and I'm down 88 pounds and I'm hoping with this and all the my past and future videos I can just impart any wisdom of the dos and the don'ts of Tak manaro you know and Zep Bound for weight loss learn from my mistakes so please go ahead and subscribe if you like this video and I will always say this that this medicine reacts differently to each and every one of us and I'm learning more and more about you know myself as I'm just trying to actively lose weight and hit my goal of 100 lb so let's get into it tip number one and I think this is a biggie it's consistency is key make sure that you are taking your medicine at the same time every day to keep those levels in check not only does the instructions say injections should be taken at the same time every week I find that if I set a reminder of my phone on shot day that not only reminds me of the preparations I take the day of the the shot but also it's kind of like a reset and a new week starting in my mind now this doesn't mean once you pick that date in that time for your weekly injection that you can't change it it's just really setting you up in the beginning to building your routine around shot day and I also love to set weekly goals and you know as I said before after I take my shot I'm entering that new week I think about you know what has worked and what didn't work and I just make any little adjust like adjustments if needed mararo and Zep bound drugs are effective only as long as they are taken consistently so pausing medications or inconsistent use can lead to weight regain or just poor glycemic control tip number two pair your manaro zpp bound with healthy habits like eating nutritious meals and just staying active it's all about finding that balanced lifestyle generally you know there should be no foods that are absolutely you know must be removed on your Manjaro and zound diet but cutting out or limiting certain foods can really help reduce digestive side effects and improve that weight loss that you're looking for fried and fatty foods for example can not only cause that upset stomach but can potentially worsen mararo and Zep bound side effects but also can hinder how much weight you can lose on Manjaro and Zep Bound in fact I found a recent study that said eating fried foods increases your risk for obesity waking I want to put duh like who doesn't know that which we are trying to reverse on our weight loss Journey with majaron zound foods that are high in sugar can also lead to overeating and weight gain which then will impede or even prevent us from losing weight while we're taking Manjaro and Zep bound so following a well-balanced diet can help you consume you know the fewer calor calories which can help you achieve or maintain a healthy weight tip number three just get moving whether it's a stroll in the park or a little dance party in your living room with your kids swimming or a workout DVD staying active is crucial for maximizing the benefits of your medicine when it comes to you know working out you should aim for about you know at least 150 minutes of physical activity a week for example this could really just be 30 minute sessions of brisk walking 5 days a week and the more is you know better and lastly if you're asking yourself how much weight can I lose if I'm taking Manjaro off label or Zep bound you should consult with your prescribing doctor to determine that Baseline and also try not to compare yourself to others which I know is hard or erex exercise putting your body in a stress state which can then hinder your weight loss tip number four just educate yourself like take a little bit of time to really learn about mararo and zound and how it works in our body I think knowledge is extremely important it's powerful and majar zound you know whose active ingredient is tepati is a GP glp1 receptor antagonist which refers to you know the two gut hormones and that drug that it mimics it boosts insulin inhibits glucagon and also you know what you eat helping lowering blood sugar levels which make you feel Fuller sooner you know two effects that can you know cause you to eat less and then lose weight tip number five de-stress unwine manage your stress levels it's extremely important for your overall health so take some time for yourself each day to relax and recharge stress can make it you know difficult to lose weight and also maintain a healthy weight when you're stressed your body releases hormones like cortisol and adrenaline which can lead to weight gain and trust me I know avoiding stress is not always you know always possible but you can identify you know those stress triggers and avoid certain situations or people who are trying to undermine your success and stress is affecting your sleep look to create a new bedtime routine that you know creates a positive environment so you can get that better sleep you're looking for tip number six monitor your progress you know keep track of your weight loss your injection sites your dose any changes or side effects that you notice while you're taking mararo and Zep Bound for weight loss I think this this information is extremely important not only to you but to your doctors I have a smart scale that automatically UPS you know updates sends the updates to my app and I'll link the one that I have below but I also have like you know a simple spreadsheet in my notes on my phone that just keeps track of you know ex like injection sites so I don't inject in the same area every week because it says rotation of injection sites is extremely important and tip number seven communication is key be open and honest with your healthcare provider about how you're feeling and any concerns you may have they are here to help us um I have a great relationship with my doctor and I had a conversation with him early on about you know some different side effects I was experiencing so we did some blood work and we found it we just need to adjust my thyroid medicine and we try to have a video call at least once every 3 months but I do provide monthly updates via our portal and then we decide if we stay at a certain dose or go down I know that's a little bit different now in my situation after 16 months but um I actually at one point had a tough time going up to 12.5 and he encouraged me drop down to 10 then we regrouped a couple weeks later I think it's important to communicate with them on your journey and also still remember to be your biggest Advocate you know your body the best and I want to say tip number eight play ahead whether it could be just meal prepping or scheduling your workouts I think a little preparation goes a long way and just staying on track with your Manjaro and Zep bound weight loss I plan out my meals prior you know to going to the food store door and I also look at you know that week ahead you know I look at my work schedule what social events I have going on and then I can determine my gym schedule and just this past week I started doing meal prepping yes I know I'm doing this 16 months in but that's okay sometimes you have to try out new things and I'm apparently now a meal prepper uh so tip number nine Embrace variety try new foods and mix up your routine to keep things interesting and make healthy choices fun and exciting now I wish somebody said this to me early on and I know I am very stubborn I'm setting my ways and I really don't like trying new things but I do wish I spiced things up just a little bit but I got into a routine and the weight was falling off at a good pace and you know I was working really hard at sticking to my meal plans and exercise but there are going to be stalls along the way and bumps in the road or food aversions so this tip is you know for you if you're in any of those situations but that has all changed in something as simple as adding cottage cheese to my snack you know for the day has now added more protein um and finally tip number 10 take time to celebrate your success whether it's a small victory major Milestone just don't forget to Pat yourself on the back and keep pushing towards your goals celebrate it maybe go get yourself a new pair of sneakers a facial massage but only compare your s like success to yourself and enjoy the new Weight Loss Road you know that you're on and don't get hung up on whether or not someone recognizes your weight loss they could be afraid to maybe mention it either out of fear or it could be possibly jealousy remember why you started taking manaro or Zep Bound for weight loss and hopefully you know it is to improve your health and not what someone else wants for you so there you have it my top 10 tips for Success on Manjaro and and Zep bound um I hope you found these tips helpful and inspiring on your own Journey just to Better Health please remember to subscribe and go ahead and like this video it will help me greatly you know and be sure to just stay tuned for some more updates and tips on how you can achieve your own weight loss goals using mararo and Zep bound as a tool remember you've got this I'm right here with you you know every step of the way you know thanks for watching it making this far and I'll catch you in my next video bye

- I've Lost 60 Pounds In 6 Months! An Update On My Weightloss Journey #zepbound: Kind: captions Language: en if you've watched my channel for a bit you may have caught some of my previous videos documenting my weight loss journey I have hit a major Milestone I have lost 60 lbs we have a lot to catch up on and I'm going to be confronting some of the more critical comments that I've gotten online let's get into today's [Music] video hey everyone what's up it's Sarah and welcome back to my channel I started my weight loss Journey with tepati on January 23rd 2024 when I took my very first shot of manaro I have since switched to Zep bound it's literally the same drug tepati made by the same manufacturer Eli Lily it's just that Zep bound is what is FDA approved to treat weight loss so there are two different medications so I've officially been on tepati for 6 months and to be able to say that I have lost 60 lbs is unreal I've never been able to lose this much weight this medication has truly been a miracle for me and it's completely reshaping my relationship with food and that's not to say that I've been side effect free I've definitely experienced the constipation of it all I have to actively make sure that I am hydrated and staying ahead of that issue and just a disclaimer talk to your doctor about taking any supplements to treat any of the side effects do not listen to people online so I recently made a post on my Instagram celebrating this 60 lb weight loss and the vast majority of people were so supportive so encouraging and that honestly it means the world to me truly but there were a few comments that echoed the criticisms that many of us who turn to weight loss medication either hear or are terrified of hearing so we don't admit that we're using weight loss medications personally I think it's really important to be honest about what I am doing to lose weight because for my entire life I simply thought that I was a lazy slob that I was somehow born without that I don't know willpower gene or whatever that is to just say no to chocolate chip cookies I viewed myself this way because in large part that's what Society has taught me especially being a girl coming of age in the '90s early 2000s where that stick thin supermodel look was in one person commented on my post saying eat less and do more it's as simple as that well thank you I wish it was as simple as that scientifically we know that it actually is not as simple as that look I am not a doctor or anything that's probably fairly obvious but I've done quite a bit of research on glp1 agones and from the medical experts that I've heard from there's actually a ton of medical reasons why people people suffering from obesity can't just eat less and do more and I actually am eating less and doing more now and I think that there is this misconception that with weight loss medication it's just this quick fix you just take the shot and the pounds melt away without the person taking the medication having to make any Lifestyle Changes whatsoever and that is simply not true you still have to do all of the work of losing weight eating less doing more think of this medication as Paving the road to get there for people who suffer from obesity whereas before we were having to walk on hills of broken glass another comment I got was people are crazy to think this is the correct way to lose weight you always pay for your choices what is that supposed to mean I mean I didn't pick up smoking to suppress my appetite I don't know if everyone knows this so I just wanted to share my story I see my doctor every couple of months to do blood work and to monitor my progress my doctor and I are in constant communication about the rate that I'm losing weight and if and when I need to adjust my dose I'm not going to some alley behind 7-Eleven to score Zep bound before I started this medication I went to my general practitioner and my gastroenterologist to inquire as to if weight loss medication may be right for me all of my doctors enthusiastically said yes and my GI stated that I should keep an eye out for GI issues as those are the most common side effects the fact of the matter is that while there are risks of side effects as there are with most medications you really aren't going to know how this medication affects you until you try it for yourself everyone's body is different which is why I always tell people talk to your doctor about your medical history and if this may be a beneficial route to go down additionally all my doctors pointed out that it is is in my medical best interest to lose weight the health risks that come with obesity are numerous you're at higher risk for certain cancers high blood pressure cardiac disease type 2 diabetes arthritis sleep apnea Strokes these are real and present dangers for people that are chronically obese one of the most common questions I get and the one that I really do think comes from a genuine place of concern and curiosity from people is what's your plan longterm and the truth is I'm not 100% sure there are many schools of thought that this is a lifelong medication and if that's the case I am mentally prepared for that my mental health issues aren't going anywhere so I will be a part of proac nation for life from the social media groups I belong to when people hit their goal way they enter this phase referred to as maintenance this usually consists of people either lowering their dose and or spacing out their dosing schedule so maybe as opposed to weekly injections every 7 days they may go to every 10 days maybe 2 weeks or even monthly I'm about 30 lbs away from my goal weight and I will be talking to my doctor and putting together a game plan to ensure the best long-term effects but I will tell you this medication has completely changed my relationship with food I genuinely don't understand the side eyeing that people get when admitting to using weight loss drugs why should Health be gatee kept I'll continue updating you all on my journey and really from the bottom of my heart thank you so much for your support make sure you like this video And subscribe to my channel follow me on Instagram threads and X at reality Squad and I will catch you guys in the next video take care have a good one much love

- Will Zepbound be the Key to your Weight Loss?: Kind: captions Language: en oh for 50 PBS gone well that sounds unreal right that's exactly what Zep bound the new weight loss drug everyone's talking about promises but is it truly an overweight cure or just another hyped up Miracle medicine in this video we're diving deep into zip bound with potential weight shedding powers to the side effects both common and downright scary that you absolutely need to know about so we're about to crack the zip bound code and answer this Burning question is this your ticket to a Slimmer U or a one-way trip to trouble Z bound is a new medication that's been recently approv for weight loss but it's actually been around for a few years the generic name for Zep bound is tepati or you may know it as manaro a medication that was first approved to treat diabetes one of the most exciting things about mjara was how effective it is in weight loss so they finally got the approval from the FDA and put a different sticker on the box and renamed it zound they were able to get approval because of two studies they were called surmount one and surmount 2 surmount 1 went on for 72 weeks showing an average weight loss of 52 lbs at the highest dose the surmount 2 trial went on for 40 weeks and showed an average of 28 lbs at the highest dose now that's pretty impressive weight loss in fact it's the most effective weight loss medication that's been studied so how does it work well Zep bound belongs to a class of medications called glp1 Agonist gp1 stands for glucagon like peptide 1 a hormone naturally produced in your gut after eating this hormone plays a key role in regulating appetite and blood sugar levels when you eat glp1 signals to your brain that you're full leading to you eating less it also stimulates the release of insulin from your pancreas which helps your body convert sugar from food into energy think of gp1 like your body's built in I'm full signal Zep pound works by mimicking the effect of this hormone essentially amplifying its natural function when you take Z bound it binds to gp1 receptors in your body tricking the brain into thinking you're full even when you haven't eaten much this reduces your appetite leading you to consume fewer calories and promoting weight loss the beauty of glp1 Agonist there like Z bound is our multi-prong approach not only do they curb your appetite but they also slow down your digestion making you feel full more quick as well as they help regulate blood sugar and improve insulin sensitivity making them really effective for individuals with type 2 diabetes now while Z bound offers a powerful tool for weight management it's important to remember that it's not a Magic Bullet absolutely nothing is going to replace a healthy diet and exercise if you're eating garbage and not active there isn't much that's going to help you so don't think that just by taking this it's going to automatically fix your weight issue now let's address the side effects like any medication zet bound isn't without its potential downsides the good news is that for most people side effects are mild and temporary and often resolve with the first few weeks of treatment however it's crucial to be aware of them and know when to sink medical attention by far the most common side effect that we see with gp1 involves some sort of stomach involvement this includes nausea vomiting diarrhea constipation and heartburn these can be unpleasant but they usually improve as your body adjusts the medication most of these side effects are related to how it SLS down your digestion when your food doesn't pass through as fast you can start to feel bloated and nauseated so the best way to avoid this is to keep your portion sizes small if you're overeat you're going to pay for it this is one of the great things about this medication though is that it can teach you a lot about portion control so the next is fatigue you may experience some tiredness and especially at the initial stages of treatment this typically subsides over time in ensuring adequate sleep and maintaining a balanced diet can help so you can also get an injection sight reaction so you can notice some redness some itching or swelling at the injection site that can occur so to treat this you can try applying a cul compress or using over-the counter pain relievers for Relief okay now we've covered the most common but mild side effects that might pop up from time to time but let's talk about the most serious ones they're rare but not unheard of probably the most common and potentially most serious condition is something we call pancreatitis that's basically a fancy way of saying when your pancreas gets super inflamed throwing you into a world of intense abdominal pain nausea and vomiting if you start with these symptoms don't hesitate get medical attention right away because it can make you very sick and can even be deadly so the next is gallbladder problems zet bound can increase your risk of De developing gallstones which can cause pain and require medical intervention if you have a history of gall problems discuss it with your doctor before starting this medication now the next is something we call hypoglycemia or this is low blood sugars since it's originally a diabetes medication it can lower your blood sugars this is most common if you're already on Diabetes medications and especially insulin but if you start feeling shaky anxious sladed and even hangry get you something to eat if it persists make sure you talk to your doctor some more recent observations with this medication have shown a possible link to a condition called gastroparesis or paralysis of the stomach this is when the stomach doesn't move and it doesn't push its contents through very well now the medicine usually does this to a point but there are some evidence that it may become more long lasting leading to persistent issues with nausea bloating and pain with eating now the next one is extremely rare but one that you need to be aware of and it involves a type of thyroid tumor called C cell tumors animal Studies have hinted to a potential link between these tumors and glp1 medications but it's crucial to remember that these tumors are already accepting rare in humans there's no definitive evidence that yet confirms a connection with gp1 use in people however vigilance is always key if you notice any concerning symptoms like a neck Mass difficulty swallowing or breathing or persistent horseness don't hesitate to bring them up with your doctor also those with the family history of something called multiple endocrine neoplasia this is an inherited condition that causes cancers of different glands should take it with caution as there are some animal studies that show a risk of these medications and developing rare cancer now remember this is not an exhaustive list of potential side effects but hopefully it gives you a good idea of the common as well as concerning ones that you need to be aware of now I know what you're thinking is it worth the risk well that really depends if you struggle with weight loss and other methods haven't worked Z bound could be a game Cher it's a powerful tool that can help you reach your goals but it's not a magic pill you still need to be committed to a healthy lifestyle including balanced diet and regular exercise while zound offers significant potential for weight loss we can't ignore the elephant in the room and that's cost this is going to be the biggest thing that keeps most people from being able to use this if you're paying cash for this you're going to have to Shell out over $1,000 a month to use it and to make it worse most insurances won't cover it so most of my patients just can't get it however there may be a silver lining since this is a new one on the market they do offer a co-pay savings program that can potentially cut the price down in half but now everyone's eligible to use that usually only those that are either paying cash or have Commercial Insurance can get the coupon those on government programs like Medicaid or Medicare are not eligible to use them so should you try zip bound ultimately the decision is between you and your doctor but I encourage you to do your own research talk to your doctor and weigh the risk and benefits carefully if you decide to go for it remember this should only be part of your journey it can help you to reach your goals but if you don't learn through it how to eat right keep your portion sizes small and maintain your healthy lifestyle when you stop them the medication the weight's going to come right on back overall the new glp1 medications like zound are a very helpful tool in treating obesity and if we can get on the cost it may be a great choice for you and unfortunately cost is a precede barrier for most of us when we think about dieting and eating right but believe it or not it doesn't have to be that way in fact this video right here we're going to show you some amazingly healthy food options that are delicious and most important affordable so you can afford not to watch [Music] it

- 10 Zepbound tips Every Man Should know: Kind: captions Language: en for the men out there battling the disease of obesity let's get something straight taking care of yourself is strength not a weakness stoicism and musling through doesn't make you more manly g1's Zep bound wovi OIC and monjaro are medical tools and we love tools you wouldn't refuse to use a chainsaw just to prove you can chop a tree down with your bare hands would you these are powerful tools and they work so today I'm going to share 10 tips that can help you use this tool effectively to reach your goals welcome to the downsized my name is Christopher Durham my wife Loren and I have been battling the disease of obesity together we've lost over 130 lounds using glp 1's Zep bound monjaro and compounded rodite I've used all three and they've worked identically same weight loss same side effect I have personally lost more than 80 pounds so let me give you a little bit more about myself I'm a dad I'm a husband I have two girls in college I your basic Suburban dad right I go to work I wake up I love to cook I love to eat my wife and I have been married 21 years I'm 5' 10 a half I started at 2865 lbs and I currently weigh 105.5 lb so I've lost more than 80 lbs my goal weight is 190 lb so I want to be well under 200 so I'm not bouncing up and down over the last 54 weeks I've lost basically 1 to 2 lbs on average the first couple of weeks the first couple of months it was much faster when you weigh a lot more you lose a lot more basically I lost I think 17 pounds in the first month as I've lost weight slowed down a little bit so that average has maintained one to two pounds per week steady just it happens every week and it works and it works unbelievably so I don't know about you guys but I've lost the same 20 lounds probably 20 times in the last 30 years up down up down you get a little bit healthier you try eating something else you do a little bit of exercise you lose the weight over and over again for me this is more than just a weight loss story though it's about embracing the right tools to treat a disease the disease of obesity and it's about building sustainable change as always here's a quick medical caveat consult your health care provider before starting or adjusting any new treatment if you find Value in our content please like this video subscribe to our Channel hit the notification Bell to avoid missing out on any future episodes thank you for joining us I mean I like to call this an adventure many people call it a journey but for me it's an adventure because it's ups and downs it's all over the place and some some days are much harder than others and some days you're just losing weight and it's awesome now let's get started number one treat glps like a tool in your toolbox think of Z bound mararo OIC wovi whichever one you're using whichever one your doctor prescribes as a tool to manage your disease as a tool to manage obesity these are medical conditions and this is not a crutch or a shortcut approach the treatment like a project use it strategically and adjust it based on your needs so these medications all start out at a low dose and they do what's called titrating up so the dose moves up over time for most of them the initial medical recommendation from the manufacturers was basically to do one month per dose and you'd skip up so I I've been on Zep bound Monaro so it was 2.5 5.0 7.5 10 and so on the latest medical research and our personal experience has been depending on how much weight need to lose you may want to slow that down a little bit so talk to your doctor but as long as you're losing weight on a dose we typically recommend that you stay on that dose not a doctor again talk to them make sure but particularly for those of you who have a lot of weight 100 lb 200 lb you want this medication to work as effectively as possible so pay attention to your body and know what's going on talk to your doctor titrate up appropriately these are tools and you want to use them appropriately so if it's working keep going where you are the for me honestly I didn't know that to begin with and I did I I moved up the doses the first three doses pretty quickly so a month each and honestly I wish I hadn't because 7.5 was my most effective dose but it was because we figured it out by then I think probably 5.0 would have been really effective for us the doses are a little different depending on which medication you're on but think about that and talk to your doctor number two it's okay to rest fatigue is part of the process fatigue can sneak up on you especially as your body adjusts to the medication so pushing through isn't always the answer this medication has side effects and one of those side effects his fatigue it can make you very tired particularly in the first early doses particularly those first few days after you take your shot you can try and muscle through it but it's not going to do you any good and it's not going to help you lose weight and it's not going to endear you to your family they're going to be upset so listen to your body take a nap if you need to make sure you're going to bed at a regular time make sure you're getting the sleep that you absolutely need to and everything will be a lot easier and a lot better I I know you you've got things to do and you're busy so am I but if you just pay attention to it you will have more time to do all the things you need to do learning to prioritize really really helps you stay consistent in this adventure that I tell everybody it's going to take a year it's going to take two years depending on how much you need to lose this weight loss is very very consistent and you will lose weight but you got to prioritize yourself so sleep make sure you're getting it number three managing appetite changes is a skill so as a guy you know all conditioned to clean our plates to wipe out a buffet to do whatever it is we want to do and you know I told my wife the other day she's like do you want the rest of what's on my plate I'm like you know Dad doesn't need to eat the rest of every everything on everybody's plates it's changing the way I think such that particularly early on I would make my regular plate make my regular meal and begin to learn very quickly that I just didn't need that much food so you get three bites into it and it's just too much you also learn quickly that your body will react to some foods it's different for everybody but often fried foods overly sweet foods will give you issues so you may have constipation you may have diarrhea you may have whatever but it's not going to be good some people throw up doesn't happen to everybody so don't freak out about it that don't worry about it unless it happens and then adjust manage those appetite changes and make sure you're getting good food so we have learned that we really have to start with protein and it's real food it's grilled chicken it's grilled steak it's pork it's barbecue even it doesn't matter roast beef I made a roast beef in a video the other day still real food I don't do fake food but get that protein in first because that protein is what will help you stay full and it's what will help you maintain your muscle because when you have a lot of of weight loss you're going to lose muscle so you want to minimize that as much as you possibly can in addition to the fullness it also will eliminate food noise so what is food noise food noise is that voice in your head that is evolutionary it's that voice that protects you it's that voice that says go hunt go gather go find food collect it make sure you survive for both you and your family for many of us it's overwhelming and I made a whole video on that as well please you can go take a look at that once it's gone these tools give you the power to control your life and the overwhelming urge to forage to have food to plan food goes away you have your power back you have time back you have agency back and it changes everything so what I tell people plan satisfying nutrient-dense meals and healthy snacks if you need them and keep them on hand so you will have cravings every once in a while eat a little bit of that that's okay it's not a big deal um every once in a while I have a cheeseburger it's not a big deal sometimes it helps break a stall we don't have any banned Foods this is not a diet so those of you who approach it as a diet and are trying to do tips and tricks and all that you don't need to this is medicine it's a medical treatment for the disease of obesity you will change the way you eat because the medication will change the way you think and it will change the way your body reacts to food lean into it embrace it learn it the goal is to build sustainable eating habits such that you can continue to be a healthy weight and feel better and be more healthy in addition to that make sure you're eating what you need to eat make sure you're getting the calories that you need so a lot of people will have the you it's not that they're eating too much is that they're not eating enough the goal is to eat enough that you are getting the nutrients that you need while still maintaining a calorie loss so pay attention to it track it if you need to many people do I don't personally track but I do count proteins to make sure I'm getting what I need the number four it's not just physical mental health is part of this process men often avoid talking about mental health but emotional well-being is crucial for lasting progress so you've got to feel better about yourself about your body about your strength about being a man about being a father in order to maintain your weight loss think about talking to somebody whether it be your wife your brother your best friend the therapist you name it we all have issues and we all like to pretend we don't right but we do so if you need more help get more help people that can help you stay grounded and focused on what you're trying to do which is build a healthier you are a big help so working on that mental health is a huge part of what we're doing Lorraine and I constantly have this conversation and we talk about weight and it's bizarre to me because weight is not something that I ever talked about so now we talk about it on a daily basis we talk about what we're eating we talk about how we feel we talk about constipation and diarrhea and all of this stuff that comes with it and we talk about what the future looks like work on your mental health because it'll help I assure you number five hydration is non-negotiable staying hydrated is essential for avoiding fatigue and headaches in addition to that it'll help you stay regular getting that water water through your body will make sure that you're not constipated not everybody gets constipated it it's easy to get sucked into that but a lot of people do so make sure you're getting enough water I know if you're my age I'm 56 years old you didn't grow up drinking water that wasn't a thing there was no water fountain on a field there was no bottles of water that you carried to class your coach would have laughed at you just wasn't a thing and maybe there was a water fountain half mile away on the other side of the school that you could run to or a hose out the back of a building that tasted like hose water but you didn't grow up being hydrated so focus on it make sure you're getting the hydration the water that you need to fuel you set a hydration schedule whether you I mean it's say simple as I'll say I'm drinking three to four glasses of water a day but talk to your doctor know how much water you should be getting and make sure you're getting it because it's important number six don't be afraid to set boundaries friends and family might be curious or even critical about your treatment but it's okay to protect your progress so we started this last September just before all the holidays right you're you're not at Thanksgiving you're not at Halloween you're not at Christmas and we work out of our house so I was kind of in the house and wanted simultaneously nobody to know I was doing this didn't want anybody to think I was cheating and it's not cheating if there's anything that I can tell you this is there's nothing cheating about this this is a tool and using it is just smart it's still hard work there will still be your ups and downs there will still be things you have to do you still have to eat less you still need to exercise you still need to do all the stuff it just makes it possible where it was impossible before when I talk about don't be afraid to set boundaries don't be afraid to set your own boundaries personally that you want to talk to these people and you want to answer the questions because they're going to begin to ask questions as you lose weight and it's a catch 22 you don't want to talk about it but you want somebody to notice I know I badly did the first few months certainly around Christmas I think I'd lost almost 30 lbs and I wanted somebody to notice and they didn't really for a little while and it was okay I wasn't really ready to talk about it didn't really know what I wanted to say by the time I did I lost so much weight and there was so much success it was so great to see that scale move on a daily basis that I was happy to talk about it then by March Loren and I started a YouTube channel which is where we are today right we're sitting here talking it's unbelievable the Mind shift that happens so set your boundaries early on set your boundaries every week every month and it's okay to change them you know maybe you start a YouTube channel like we do maybe you keep it quiet and it's nobody's business but yours either way is okay but set clear boundaries and when people ask about it just be polite move on you will get people that are rude you will get people that say you're lazy you will get people that are all up in your business and have no business being in your business and you've just got to stop them and just say hey I'm trying to make myself more healthy or whatever variation of that you have and you move on or you do like Lorraine and I you give more information than they ever wanted to know about gp1s and we sell the gospel of gp1s but set your boundaries and do what you're comfortable with and remind yourself that self-care is your priority and it's nobody's business but yours number seven track your progress beyond the scale so the scale is important don't get me wrong you are going to look at that scale frequently we weigh ourselves every day some people weigh themselves every week some people weigh themselves only at the doctors that's up to you you do what's right for you I personally like the data I like seeing the things Beyond just the weight so we have digital scale and has an app on it and I can see how much my BMI is I can see my water weight I can see muscle I can see all these things so I think that are fascinating and you can begin to see progress on other measures than just weight but beyond that weight loss isn't always linear and success isn't just about numbers on the scale so look for what they call nsvs non-scale victories like are you sleeping better I mean for me I had high blood pressure cholesterol sleep apnea uh I have a knee that I had my first surgery on when I was in first grade so it's always been bad so there were some pretty obvious non-scale victories very early on basically if you ask my wife I stopped snoring and and the whole sleep apnea began to clear up within the first month or so the benefit of that Beyond just me personally is my wife slept better so happy wife happy life right within a few months after that I was able to reduce my blood pressure medicine down in half my cholesterol was dramatically lowered and my doctor was like man you're doing great I'll probably be off my blood pressure medicine completely probably in the next few months I think I said earlier my goal weights 190 lbs so I should be at a place where I can do that in the next few months but the non-scale victories matter depending on how big you are you may not be able to shop at a regular store I mean I know I was on the top end of most regular stores so if I in an Old Navy a Banana Republic or whatever they may or may not have anything that fit me and if they did it be one skew one item in one color and it was not attractive sometimes you just want to walk in and try on the leather jacket try on the pair of jeans and walk out with something it's a non-scale victory sometimes you want to get in an airplane and not ask for a seat extender sometimes you want to go up the steps at a water slide with your kids and not be out of breath or not say I can't do it and have to say you're busy or something else is going on the nonscale victories matter celebrate them number eight allow your taste to evolve the medication will change the way your taste buds work it'll change your Cravings it'll change your preferences and that's okay it's part of the process be open to trying new foods and finding healthier options that work for you so just because you've always been a pizza and wings guy doesn't mean you're always going to be a pizza and wings guy try something new try something exciting there's a lot of great food in the world and I've gotten to a place with all of this where I don't want to put bad food in my mouth and it's not about bad it's not that any food is bad it's about I don't want to put bad tasting food in my mouth I'm not going to eat that much at this point anyway so it should taste great really focus on eating better food put those proteins at the center of your meal grill a great steak have some roast beef you can eat barbecue grilled chicken roast chicken get your smoker out all that stuff is great because it puts protein at the center and it helps you maintain your muscle mass it's all good then lean in try some veggies a little bit of Fiber goes a long way in helping with the digestion try new things and I promise you you will discover some cool stuff you love we don't have any offl liit foods we don't have any bad foods we eat what we want to eat we just choose to eat some things in moderation so you know what if it's my kid's birthday I'm going to eat a piece of cake because that's what we're doing we're celebrating my kids if we're at the beach and there's an ice cream stand I'm going to have some ice cream the goal is not to be perfect the goal is to build a life a life that you can maintain a healthy weight and stay alive you know see your kids graduate from high school and college stay alive so embrace the newness of it embrace the new tastes embrace the new flavors try new things you never know what you might like number nine it's okay to use medication real strength is in knowing when to use the right tools medication is a tool to treat this disease not a sign of weakness real strength comes from using the tools available to you I like to say if you think about gp1s zepel monjaro zic as a means to take control of your health and not something to be ashamed of you change the dichotomy you change the paradig as men we love a good tool right I I love a power tool get some great outdoor power equipment gas blowers trimmers riding lawnmowers John Deere Kabota you name it we love all this stuff this is another tool this is a tool that will make you stronger faster healthier and live longer this is a tool that where anything else would I would tell you it would make you Superman it's not but it is that powerful and it is that reliable it will help you lose weight and you will be faster stronger you will live longer it is amazing and I cannot over sell it it just works you know of course everyone's mileage will vary and it's not 100% of the time but for the vast majority of people that take these medications you will lose weight and you will get healthier and this is nothing to be ashamed of embracing this as a tool has changed my life changed it for the better there is no question about it saying that I need help and that I'm going to buy this tool to help me be healthier was the single best decision I medically I've made in 30 years number 10 in all likelihood this is a long-term treatment for the disease of obesity it's not a quick fix gp1s as I've said before are medical treatment for the disease of obesity they help build sustainable habits they do not provide instant results so if you're looking for something that's going to help you lose 30 pounds right now it's not and honestly you don't want it to if you lose weight that quickly it's EX extremely unhealthy you're going to have saggy skin you're going to lose muscle there's nothing good about Quick Weight Loss no matter how much you wish it would Lord knows I want it to be gone right now you have to focus on consistency over Perfection you have to focus on taking that shot every week saying I'm going to give it six months I'm going to give it a year and we're going to see what happens and then you have to focus on celebrating every small win consistency is the key and saying now a year later that I'm down 80 some odd pounds and I will get to my goal in the next few months and I'll probably be down almost 100 lbs it's lifechanging disease of obesity and for many of us we may be on it for the rest of our lives and that's okay I don't have to take blood pressure medicine I don't have to take cholesterol medicine and I'm still alive it's not true for everybody there are folks out there who do not have to do this it's there there's a lot of different ways that people become overweight and it really depends on your personal history and your background so talk to your doctor and build a treatment plan just for you because this is a tool that should be able to fit into your treatment plan and and help you lose weight taking care of yourself is the most masculine thing you can do and gp1s are just one tool in the process remember real strength is in showing up every day real strength is is in taking the power back from the food real strength is in showing up every day and demonstrating to your family your wife and your kids that your health matters and that you're going to be around for them real strength is in using this tool if you've got tips of your own please drop them in the comments I'm also to do some more interviews so we do a series called the downsized dish that I've interviewed probably four or five guys on there if you want to go take a look at those there's great ones everybody from somebody who's been fighting weight for their entire life to someone who's now running triathlons everybody at every stage of their journey and they're using these medications to make them happier and healthier thanks for watching and remember please take a moment to like And subscribe I'm Christopher Durham and we are the downsize [Music]

- My Zepbound Journey: Then vs Now: Kind: captions Language: en-US Hello, my name is Taisha. I have been on Zepbound for 77 weeks. And what I wanted to do today is something a little bit different. I wanna take you back to the beginning because I realize some of you have not seen my earlier videos and you may not know like what got me started. So I'm gonna play that for you and then I'll come back. All right. If you're someone who struggles with food noise, food addiction, then not being able to just put the fork down, this need to finish every single thing on your plate and go back for more, and then for more, if you're a closet eater, if you try to hide the amount, then maybe this video would be helpful for you. My name is Taisha, and I am someone who struggles with a binge eating disorder. Even after having kids, I have five daughters, I was able to get the weight off like it was it wasn't anything that required any type of you know real work it was it just came off so when I got to a certain point in life maybe my 30s. Totally changed. And I remember women used to tell me when I was younger, like, oh, you better appreciate it now because when you hit your 30s, you know, and I was just like, blah, blah, blah, whatever, whatever. Yeah, it kind of happened because I had really terrible eating habits. And so with my, I would say, food addiction, it's not about being sad or happy. Like, I know that there are people that struggle with that, but that's not my struggle. All I know is from the moment I woke up, all I thought about, all I could think about was food from the time I went to bed. I would wake up and be planning out the day like, oh my gosh, what am I going to eat? And if I tried to be restrictive in any way, it would only last for a little while and then it would be like my hunger would come back with a vengeance. So years and years of kind of yo-yo dieting and doing different things a lot of different faddish things and things that just were not healthy it was almost like I was kind of desperate you know to lose weight and it wasn't because of anyone else I can't say that I had any poor treatment or anything like that I just got up got to a point where I couldn't stand And to even look at myself in the mirror, to look at myself with no clothes on, I was in pain all the time. In 2020, I got to my highest weight, which was 216 pounds, and I was miserable. I would excessively drink to kind of get out of my head about how I looked. I know this all seems very vain, and maybe it is, but I'm just telling you, this is how I felt. I don't know what it is or why I am programmed the way that I am to eat the way that I did, but. Just to not think about food constantly, like that alone. And then it's like, okay, well, I'm going to make the most of this. Yeah, we know, we all know diet and exercise. I don't have PCOS or any of those other things. I'm not diabetic and I'm not taking the form of this. That's for diabetics. I am taking this for weight loss. I don't have a magic number. I think it would be unrealistic to say 134 pounds because, I mean, I'm 46. I'm not in my 20s. You know what I mean? And even a couple of years ago, the way that I was lifting weights, I was pretty, I was pretty toned. Whenever I get to a point where I feel like, okay, this is good. I'm going to live my life the same regardless. I'm going to continue to eat the way that I eat with the help of the medication. I'm going to continue to be active, which is working my dog, working out, and I'm doing home workouts. So I'm not going to the gym. I have no interest in that. I'm not going to do anything now that's not going to be sustainable for me. That doesn't mean that I can't change my mind in the future and do something different. But going to the gym, I'm not interested in it. I'm not a runner. I'm not interested in that. A nice little walk in the neighborhood with the dog is good enough for me. Then the home workouts, I'm not eating to the point where I feel physically sick, where my stomach is distended, where I'm gassy, heart, you know, acid reflux. I was going to say heartburn, but yeah, acid reflux, you know, it was miserable. There were some nights where I couldn't lay down. And again, illogical, this isn't a logical disorder, right? Logically, you're just like, okay, well, why would you do that? And if I could tell you that, I probably wouldn't have been in that situation to begin with, but that's something that therapy for that will take care of. In the. You may want to give it a try. So what I'm going to do is I'll be making videos. I don't have a schedule yet. This is just kind of, it's taken me this long to just even make this video. Because I know the society that we live in and anytime you're trying to do something different, it's considered a phobic, you know, thing from something else. And it's not. I can be comfortable in my skin and I think that's what's important. And if you're someone who is morbidly obese and you're comfortable in your skin, girl, you know, or sir, do your thing. For me, it just wasn't working. So I'm so thankful to have a provider that actually cares. And I'm just going to do what I need to do. I'm going up to five. And I'm nervous. I'm nervous because every video I've seen, people have not seen a video yet. And I'm sure they're out there. I just haven't seen it, of someone who hasn't had any side effects at all, like none. I haven't had any of the negative side effects. So I don't know if it's because I'm eating the way that I am. I'm drinking, you know, more than enough water. Or, you know, our bodies are all different. So just because someone is experiencing those things, that doesn't mean they're doing something wrong. I'm just thankful that I'm not experiencing that. So I hope this wasn't too long-winded. And I would love for you to join me on this journey. I could have waited until I got to a magic number or magic size, but I felt like this is a good form of accountability. And then documenting, fully documenting, you know, what I'm doing this time, I think will be beneficial for me and hopefully for you. So until next time, have a great day. Okay, so you can see that I was basically, I'm saying the same things now, 77 weeks later. Well, actually, 73 weeks later, because that was the end of week four. But my point is consistency. So if you take nothing else from today's video, I want you to understand the importance of consistency, right? We are not, we've got to get out of that mindset. You've got to get out of that mindset of this microwave society where everything is going to happen all at once. It takes time. It takes time. And for it to be sustainable, it has to be things that you actually see yourself doing. So something different now than when I made that video 73 weeks ago, now I'm going to a gym, right? Now I'm working with a trainer. And I did my first 5K recently. Like, we are going to evolve. So maybe the things that you are, that you want to do right now. Maybe it'll be different. Maybe it'll be different, you know, and that's okay. It is okay to adapt. It's okay to make changes. What you have to focus on is more than the scale. And you're going to hear different creators say that, and you may get, you know, to a point where you're tired of hearing it, but it's the truth. This takes time and it's going to take a lot of effort and it's going to recently got out of, and I've been in maintenance since last year in July. So I got there rather quickly. And something else I had mentioned in the previous clip is I thought that getting down to 134 was unrealistic. And here I see myself at, I'm at 125 pounds. So things will change and it's okay. It's okay. Stay focused on your why. Know why you're doing this. And it has to. It has to be bigger than I want to be smaller. Like it just has to. It just has to. So that is a bit of information I'll give you. And, you know, make small changes. Small changes over time will, you know, they'll evolve into something big. And a lot of times we don't want to wait. We don't want to wait. We want it to happen right away. And so again, I know I'm being a little bit repetitive with this, but I'm trying to drill home for you. This is going to take time and it's so worth it. It's so worth it. So I have, that video was the very first video I did about my Zepbound journey. So you can always go back to that. If you go to the weight loss playlist, it should be the first first video, and I encourage you to go through those. A lot of those were really, really short. That was one of the longer ones, the first one, but I made it a point to, in the beginning of each of my update videos, right away give you the wait. So if you stuck around to hear everything else, cool, but I didn't want to hold people hostage, and I'm not going to do that now. So I want you to know you can do this. You can do this, okay? This medication will give you space to be able to make these changes, but don't just rely on the medication solely. Last thing I'm going to say is I go live every Monday at 7 p.m. Eastern Standard Time. It's a wonderful community. We get to share things. We get to learn. You can bounce, you know, So things that you're going through, you can talk to other people who have gone through similar, the same, and you can, you know, get ideas on how to overcome certain things. So that is all I have for you. Thank you for watching. Consider subscribing. And until next time, remember, we can share our journeys, but we should never compare them. Bye.

- 5mg Zepbound Results After 2 Months | Honest Review: Kind: captions Language: en Hi guys, welcome back to my channel. My name is Alexis if you are new. If you are true, welcome back. So, as promised, I am going to give you my 5 milligram twomon update of Zapbound. And when I say she is a beast, she is a beast. Come on, let's get into it. [Music] Now, if you haven't seen my one month update, go back and take a look at that. So, some of this stuff that I'm going to say in this video is going to make a lot of sense. First thing first, I have lost, drum roll, I am down 30 lbs. I have gone from 209 in February and I'm now down 179 as of today. Like I stood on that scale over there. I have it close. Stood on that scale, sat down and filmed this video and I'm 179.7. And the crowd goes wild. I have not been this small in years. And honestly, the smallest I've ever been was maybe 160. I've been big all my life pretty much. You know, they say um I'm solid because I don't have much like fat fat. I just I'm solid, but I'm heavy. So, the fact that I'm down to 179 is bananas. And I'm hoping to get down to 150, that is my goal weight. And that's that's my goal weight as far as, you know, not me stopping zbound per se, but just me feeling like I could be healthy and be my best self. Now, mind you, the BMI index says a whole different story. Um, I don't really look at that. My nutritionist agrees it's not the best. It's not the best thing to, you know, measure your stuff off and to go off on, but I want to get down to 150. Now, in my last video, I talked about food noise. If you know, you know. Food noise is pretty much that voice in your head that tells you to constantly eat. That is the voice that never shuts up. You could be having a conversation with somebody and you're thinking about what you're going to eat when they shut up. That is just my reality. Have always been my reality. Constantly thinking about food. I wake up thinking about food. go to bed thinking about food. But with Zapbound 2.5, I was like, "Okay, so this is what it's like for, you know, those who are not obese." Like, it's so quiet. I can think. But 5 milligram, oh, she up the auntie. When I say I have not really eaten, I mean I really have like I have to remember and make a conscious effort to go eat. I'm talking about I have to make a in my head schedule. Okay, I'm going to eat this time and then we're going to eat and you know just make sure I get my protein. Um I am not too worried as far as carbs per se, but of course protein and vegetables. I also take medication, so I have to make sure I eat so I can take my medication. So, for the first time in my life, I have to remember to eat. Now, I will say with the 2.5, those cravings were still there. With the 5 mgram, I really haven't had any. Now, the first couple of days after taking the first my first 5 milligram shot, I was like, "Wait a minute. I haven't eaten a day. I haven't thought about food. I've passed restaurants and I have not thought about stopping. like they're just, you know, background. That was scary. But it was like, wow, I can actually save money. I can, you know, do other things. I can focus on other things. So, be prepared for that. You're going to have to make an effort to eat. Not only will you have to make an effort to eat, but eating is going to be, you know, I guess a lot smaller, your portion sizes. So for me, I can maybe get half a banana and maybe half a cup of yogurt, you know? So, and that's for breakfast. So, it's really important to try and get, you know, just your protein and your vegetables in. And I found that smoothies and, you know, just protein shakes are helpful. They are really, really big. So yes, my relationship with food has completely changed. And this also means my view as far as what is good to me and what isn't. Now I in my last video you guys probably um I believe I left this clip in where I was saying that I love seven layer bean dip. I don't know where it's coming from, how it got there, how she showed up, and why, but I'm in love with seven layer bean dip. I bought some like two days ago and it's still sitting in my fridge. What? You guys, ice cream. I love ice cream. I can live off cereal and ice cream. I haven't had any of that in maybe a month. So, my relationship with food has very much changed. And because of that, I make a conscious effort to eat healthy food. So, if I'm going to eat, it's going to be healthy food because I need those nutrition. Now, mind you, I'm insulin resistant because I have PCOS. So, I have to make sure I eat or I just really feel sick and I will feel dizzy. Now, I'm still trying to play around with whether or not I should eat before I take my shot, whether it makes a difference. Now I know when I was on WGOI had to eat some protein because maybe that would take me out. WG goi was a different beast but that was similar glutide. This is a different compound. So I'm trying to see whether or not you know that would help me. But don't worry, I'm about to get into the side effects. Let me tell you a little story. I like to go to sleep listening to the TV. Sometimes it's either, don't judge me, but it's either Just Judy in the heat of the night or Spongebob. So, I'm sitting there listening to Spongebob make Krabby Patties, and I'm thinking, hm, I haven't had a Whopper in a while. Do you know, the thought of that Whopper made me so nauseous that I I thought I was going to have to get out of bed and puke. The nausea on this is like it comes and goes, but mind you, like it's crazy. Things that I never thought would make me sick. Makes me really, really sick just to think about it. Now, I haven't actually thrown up, but wow. Another thing is my gag reflex. It's crazy. I take medicine and these pills are small things that I can normally just take to the head but no my gag I mean this constantly. Now one thing I did notice with the 2.5 mgram was I was tired. This also continues with the five migram. So I have figured out that I need to take this at night. I also take it on the weekend. So like today I'll take my shot and just taking it on the weekend just make sure that I am okay. I sleep it off. I sleep the night and um I don't know if this wears off or not but just me taking it at night on the weekends when I don't have to work is just completely my best option. Another side effect is stomach pain for me. Now I started off taking it on my arms. That's where I inject either one of my arms. Then I decided maybe I should try my stomach. Now I know that pancreatitis is one of the side effects. So I noticed that when I inject in my stomach, and I've only done it twice. I injected on the left side of my stomach, but for maybe two or three days, I would have really bad pain on the right side. It felt like it was my pancreas. And my last shot, I went back to my arm and I had no pain in my in my pancreas and my stomach. So, I'm still trying to figure out what that is about. I don't want to have, you know, any issues with that. Um, has anybody else noticed that, you know, just the pain in your pancreas when you inject in your stomach? If you have, let me know. But I think I'm going to go back to my arms. I haven't tried and I tried my stomach because I was like, but this is the fattest part of my body, of course, so maybe it wouldn't hurt. And it doesn't hurt. The shot doesn't hurt, but it just hurts my pancreas. Um, so next I'll maybe try my thighs, but I think for now we just going to have to switch it up on the arms. So imagine not eating anything and just only drinking water and then all of a sudden you have heartburn. Like who sent you? Where did you come from? Why am I having indigestion to the point where I feel like I'm going to throw up? So heartburn is just it comes and goes, but it's just one of my side effects. One thing I did notice is after taking my shot, I would have chills. I would be super cold. I always thought that was because the medicine is cold. So, it's just like going through my body. Um, but a few of you have told me in my other video that you also have chills after taking your shot. So, let me know who else does. I mean, what do you do about it? Cuz like I said, I take it at night, so I just get in the bed and, you know, I just cover up. But um I I just maybe it's because it's cold or I'm I'm not exactly sure where the chills come from. But like I said, it doesn't last. It's just after I take the shot. Now, our last side effect is our old friend constipation. Looks like he's going to always just be there. He's going to always follow me around and uh no matter what happens, he's he's going to be a pain in my butt. And I'm thinking that a lot of this TMI is maybe I'm not eating enough to do anything and that could be it. But also something should happen. So of course Mirillax Mirax does work really really well. Now um you're supposed to drink a lot of water anyway. So my suggestion is just put you know just maybe a half a cup of Mirillax in your water every day. You know, just to keep things flowing, keep things regular. If you get really backed up, you can take milk and magnesia. That works well. Disclaimer, it made me go for about two days, like really bad. Maybe I needed that. Maybe that's what my body needed. But, um, just, you know, Mirax, half a cap every single day, uh, when you're drinking your water or, you know, just something that keeps you regular. They also make tea. There's smooth move tea. Um the first time I was constipated that didn't work and I'm like what kind of witchcraft is this? Because that always works for me. I'm thinking that you know once you get regular that you know just helps keep things flowing. So just know the constipation is still there. Doesn't look like he's going anywhere anytime soon. Now I get asked a lot what do you eat? And honestly I'm not on like a diet per se. I can't I try to constrict myself. Um honestly with the way the medicine makes me either not really really hungry um I just I can't rely on hey I'm going to have no sugar or you know just something like that. I just can't. So I just make sure I get my vegetables and I get my protein or or fruits. Um just somehow I need to get fiber. I just I have to have fiber and water and of course protein. Protein is what keeps you full. You need protein. I don't have a certain number of um grams for protein. I just try to get in as much as I feel my body can handle cuz like I said, I can go all day and not eat. So, as far as my workouts, I actually just keep walking. So my job I am sitting down at my computer probably 80% of the day. Um so I have to remember to get up and go walk whether it's around my building or I go through other offices, go say hey to other people in the office. Um I just have to make sure I get up and get some steps. Now mind you, it's getting warmer outside now in the cold. If you follow me on Tik Tok, I've been out there in 20° trying to walk. I have done that. But it's getting nice outside. It's staying day longer. I can either walk when I get off work if I'm not too exhausted or I can actually get up and walk in the morning before I go to work because it's daylight. So, and it's warm. So, it's really nice to just go out, walk for 20, 30 minutes, and know that I have a good amount of steps and that, you know, it's not going to be just no steps during the day if I don't. I do want to get into weight training. I'm thinking about setting up my second bedroom, which is where I film at, and it's also where I do school work at. I am thinking about also just, you know, setting up some dumbbells and just, you know, working out here at home, which is probably ideal. Um, I don't have to leave. But I'm also thinking about getting a walking pad. I am seeing those all over Tik Tok. If you have one, let me know. Let me know, you know, like your steps. Like I I I think I want one. I think I might invest in one of those. But that's what I try to do for moving my body, getting my body into shape. And I know so many people go really hard in the gym. I'm not there yet. Um, I am a treadmill girly and I'm a walking girly, but I'm not exactly a sta master girly, nor am I, you know, just like one of those bodybuilders. So, we'll get there. This journey has been so amazing. I do want to say thank you to everybody who comments on my videos, all the videos, anybody who looks at my videos. I totally appreciate you. We are all in this together. Now, I am getting comments from people in personal life like who know me, you know, you're losing a lot of weight. What are you doing? I am not shy about saying bound. I have no shame. I know I want to live past 35. That's and if I have to take Zep down to do with it, I mean, so be it. Like I'm loving the compliments that I get from people. And honestly, I I people don't think that I was like big before, but like I said, I was heavy and that was a lot of fat and just, you know, things around my heart and just stuff like that. So now to me that is a non-scale victory. We love non-scale victories over here. Like this shirt right here. I used to not be able to fit I used to not be able to fit in this shirt and now I can. We love non-scale victories. I love hearing people say, "Wow, you lost the weight. You look good." I'm like, "Don't play with me." Like don't gas me up. I love that. So, we really love non-skll victories. And I want people to realize that even if the scale doesn't move, your body is changing. You know, your body is getting healthier. Trust me, it doesn't always have to show on the scale. And of course, with, you know, anything there's plateaus, but trust me, your body is working. Your body is getting healthier. As long as you're moving, as long as you're putting the right things in your body, your body is doing what it needs to do. Now, I am going to stay on the 5 mgram for maybe a few months. You know, if it's not broke, don't fix it. And as of right now, it's not broke. So, if I do see that I'm like just, you know, plateauing, I probably will go up maybe, but I do realize that not everything has to be, you know, on the scale. So, as long as I feel okay, as long as I'm doing better and I'm doing good, I'm good. So, we'll see if I go up anytime soon. If you are thinking about Zapound and you can do it, go for it. I know it's a lot when it comes to the side effects, but trust me, getting the weight off, not hearing the food noise, it is so worth it. Okay. So, if you're on Zepbound and you have any ideas as far as the uh side effects, let me know because I love it when you guys comment on my videos. I try to comment uh back to everybody cuz I totally love it. So, and let me know what milligram you're on and how much weight you've lost. Thank you all so much for watching this video. And if you're on Zetbound, let me know. I want to be on your journey as well. So, I'll see you guys in the next video. Bye.

- 8 thing I wish I knew before starting my Zepbound journey so I’m sharing with you.: Kind: captions Language: en Are you on a GLP1 journey or thinking about beginning a GLP1 journey and are just inundated with questions and things in your head? I know that's exactly how I felt when I first began my journey. and I am here to help you and I am going to give you eight things that I wish I knew before I began my Zepbound journey February of 2024. Hello my friends, I am Cheryl. Welcome back to my channel. I am so thrilled to have you here with me today. Um, in case you are new, I have been on Zepbound, a GLP-1 medication for 13 months now. I began in February 2024 and I have lost just about 65 lbs to date and let me tell you, it has been quite a ride. So, I am going to share with you my top eight things that I kind of wish I knew before starting, but I'm going to let you in on those secrets right now. So, number one, and I have my notes over here, so forgive me. Number one is no week will be the same. It will be when I tell you this roller coaster when you come out of the gate, you get back on the ride. It's not going to be the same ride. It is a different It's almost different from day to day. There is no rhyme or reason to it. You never know what you're going to get with this medication. Um it's just a little unpredictable. Today I could have terrible side effects and then I might not have any side effects for weeks on end. And then I could wake up one day and have explosive diarrhea. You just never never know. I um went quite a long time. I want to say 9 months or so. And my stomach was pretty okay. I really didn't have any major issues. And then all of a sudden the constipation started and it has been kind of a struggle ever since. I now take um Mirax every single day. So, um, I give myself a break on the weekends, and I'm trying still to figure out the perfect dosing to keep things regular, I guess. Um, and the same thing goes for weight. You can lose four pounds in a week and then not lose anything for four weeks. So, literally, when I say every week is different, it's literally you just never know what you're going to get. Um, and sometimes you get what you get and you don't get upset, right? It just you you have to kind of go with it and it it will all even itself out. I promise. But just know that just because you didn't have nausea this week doesn't mean you won't have nausea next week. Even if you're on the same dose, just because you change doses doesn't mean anything really. I have had doses where I've had side effects and up the dose. I was 7.5 nauseous, nauseous, nauseous. I went to 10, no nausea. The constipation started. So, and then I went back down after that. And when I did 7.5, which I'm on right now, I don't have the nausea anymore. So, there's literally no rhyme or reason to this medication, to the side effects. Every day is just an adventure, guys. Um, which brings me into number two. I wish I knew that the side effects could change at any given moment. I thought like I was in if go back and look at my old videos. The beginning I was like, I have no side effects. I feel so lucky. I'm so sorry if you have them. Months. I preached this months. And then boom, 7.5. And it was like, whoa. I was nauseous two or three days a week, like debilitatingly nauseous. Um, so much so that my doctor upped my dosage. And I know some people might say, "What? Why would you do that?" Because it was an insurance situation, blah blah blah. We went to 10 milligrams. Nausea stopped, but constipation kicked in. Um, and then I ended up backtracking, going back down and starting back at five. and that gave my body a bit of a reset. Um, as far as the nausea, I haven't had the nausea. Um, but yeah, they're just they change like the wind. Um, in the very beginning, I would hit that first day or two and the exhaustion was intense. I would come home from work, sit down, and I would fall asleep on the couch. I learned that I couldn't sit down after work. I have to come home, make dinner, and then six o'clock I was still falling asleep on the couch. That is much better. Just thinking about it is making me tired. Um the exhaustion is 100% better. Like I have so much more energy and all of that kind of stuff, but there are still times where um you know, if I sit down for too long, it could be I could fall asleep, but that could also be 52 in menopause. So, you know, who knows? But just know that those side effects really and truly can can just change on a dime. It's kind of crazy how um how wild they are. Number three, I wish somebody had told me don't go buy all the things because if you go back to my first video, I think I'm wearing a pink hoodie and I'm taking you guys along for the ride for my very first weekend. I started my journey on a Tuesday and that weekend I took you guys shopping with me and I bought all the things. Don't do it. I bought protein bars, protein shakes, protein chips, I bought um raisins, I bought pretzels, I bought nuts, and four months later, I was throwing it away because in the very beginning, first and foremost, and again, everybody's different, but for most people, when you first first start, the hunger suppression really kicks in in the very beginning. And a lot of people struggle to eat in the beginning and I definitely did. I was eating very little and I wasn't getting in as many calories or protein as I should, but the first few weeks for sure were a struggle. Um, so a lot of food got thrown away. So take, you know, maybe dip your toes in really easy. Get a couple of bottles of protein shakes. Don't buy a case or, you know, get a couple of bars or get some extra fruit, but don't go buy, you know, I'm going to This is what I'm going to eat all week cuz it's probably not I bought the tape measure. Bought the tape measure. Hate the tape measure. I bought the scale. Love the scale. Um, but I bought the tape measure that everybody was talking about. Yep. It's right here. It's in my drawer. Hate this thing. I bought the tape measure. hate the tape measure. I use my tape measure. This doesn't even work. I use my tape measure um from my sewing kit and that's what I use. Um which actually that'll be my bonus. Here's a bonus. What I wish I knew. Start taking your measurements from the beginning. I know it's not something pleasant that we want to do because nobody wants to see these numbers, but when you're not losing weight, and you you will get to a point where you'll think you're not losing weight. When you track those inches, you will see that you're losing um you're losing inches and you're losing fat. So, that's my little bonus. What I wish I knew is to um from the beginning take those measurements and try to be consistent with it like every couple of months or so. You will see the difference. I promise you that. Um number four, take the pictures. Take the pictures. And that's kind of the same thing as I was just saying about the um doing the the measurements and stuff like that is take the picture. This is the first time in all of the years that I have tried to lose weight that I actually took the picture. And I want to say it was Countess of Shopping and I had started watching her videos that week and um she said, "Take the picture. You will want that picture." And I did take the picture and I have it's a green shirt that I've now it's gone. I don't even own this shirt anymore. And I ran upstairs after I took my shot and I took pictures in my mirror in my bedroom. And I have those pictures and I take them every so often. I kind of don't take them as much as I used to, but I you guys see me every day and I will like I think yesterday's video or whatever one day this week I did like a picture. So, I do still take them. I just I'm not always doing a sideby-side comparison. But um I'm if any of you are like me, you are hiding from the camera so much so that um going back and trying to find those comparison pictures if you don't take them now will be hard to find. And I promise you, when you think that nothing's changing and you think that you're getting a little um discouraged, when you go back and you do some of those side by sides, just do them on your phone for yourself. They don't have to be for the public, but just do them and uh you'll start to see what other people are seeing. I promise you. So, take that picture. You will not be um disappointed if you do. My number five thing I wish I knew was to focus on the protein. I know when you stop listening to the people on YouTube and you listen to the doctors and you're watching the videos, it's protein, protein, protein, protein. And I was like, "Oh my god, enough with the protein." But I really wish that that had resonated with me a little bit more and I had started focusing on the protein um from the beginning. So, if you have not watched any of my videos before, um I use a 3030 and 30 protein guide for my daily um intake of what I need. I stopped counting counted I stopped counting calories back in August. Um so about I don't know what is that four months ago or so, five months ago. I don't even know what month are we in. I don't know, six months ago. You guys tell me. I'm My brain's not mathing right now. But I needed to not be counting calories because I needed to not be on a diet and watching like the diet that I was on and the diet intake. I needed to be making a lifestyle change. So, I needed to be able to know what I was eating and be able to figure that out throughout the day without having to worry about putting something on my phone all the time. So, um I learned how to focus on the protein instead of counting the calories. And I am going to put in a clip right here of my protein um my calorie intake for the day. So, I did go ahead and download my net diary, which is what I used to use, and I threw that in there today. And I had just thrown in, I think I didn't even set the calories, but it was set at 1300 calories. That's obviously not enough calories. So, I did track all of my food for today, and I will put that in right now for you to see. So, here is my breakfast. And I had my protein coffee. Then, I had my protein iced coffee. I had a bar this morning, so I got more than 30. Then for my lunch, I had a salad. That was probably the least amount of protein that I ate for the day. And then for dinner, I had some steamed rice, broccoli, water chestnuts, and chicken. And I got about 40 g of protein in for my dinner. And then for snacks, I will have a yaso bar after this. And I had some grapes. So, I had a total of 92 gram. So, as you can see, I ate 1,416 calories today, which would still be a calorie deficit to me cuz anything under 1500 would be Now, that was my breakfast, my lunch, my dinner, and two snacks. So, for breakfast, you can look at the what I just posted. For breakfast, I had my protein coffee and then I had an iced protein coffee at work, which is 20 grams of protein. And I had a protein bar. I don't like breakfast. I have to force myself to do these things, so don't judge that I'm doing pre-made stuff. But that gives me close to 40 calories, uh, 40 grams of protein, 20 in my coffee, about 4 to eight depending on how much coffee I have in the morning. So that's 24 g. and then 16 for my bar. Um, so we're at about 40 grams of protein in the morning before my lunch. So that's drawn out from 7 like 6:30 in the morning to like 10:30, 11:00 at work. Then my lunch today wasn't very cal um protein heavy. I had a half of a bag salad. I saw it at the store yesterday and I was like, "Those are good. I want one of those." So I had half today. I'll have half tomorrow. And I knew what I was having for dinner. And I knew it would be a little bit more calories in my head because I did an orange chicken over steamed white rice with broccoli and water chestnuts. And then I had some leftover beef from um a party I had this weekend. So I mixed that in there with the broccoli and the water chestnuts as well. And I knew that I would be using a um Panda Express orange chicken that's obviously a little bit more sugar, a little bit more calories. And I still got in my protein. Had grapes as a snack after my lunch cuz my lunch was pretty light. And after I do this video, I will be having a mango yaso bar, which I already counted in there, which is going to bring me up to over 92 gram of protein. That's what I would have had for today anyway had I not been tracking it. I had no idea how many calories this was. I just knew the protein in my head. I knew my chicken would be around 30 g of protein. I threw some beef in there. And then I also had some broccoli and I also had some rice which both contain protein. My yaso bar will be another five or six grams of protein. So I knew all of this. I kind of almost have my day like my morning's pretty much the same every day. My lunch changes from day to day. And when I get up in the morning, I'm planning dinner because I have to cook it for the family. So, I know about how much and I'm making sure I'm getting that 20 to 30 g of protein in at dinner. If I didn't get 30 g of protein at lunch. So, today I knew I wasn't quite at 30. I was going to have more for my dinner. And these are the things that it's just a lifestyle change that I needed to figure out how to do. the calorie wasn't as big of a deal, but when you look at what I ate for protein, you see that I had about400 gram of I mean 1,400 calories, which is a calorie deficit. So, you can figure these things out. Once I learned how to do that and put my focus on the protein, um it really really made a a difference. Which leads me right into number six. um which is I stopped counting calories and I wish I had done that sooner. But it also helped me, like I said, learn how to kind of know what my protein was. I didn't know how much protein was in anything before I started counting the calories. So, you know, it definitely was beneficial to me to help learn those things by using the calorie tracker. Um, but once I figured out that protein was my main focus, it kind of like let this stress go away and um, it really helped me to embrace more in the lifestyle change that I was making because when I was counting the calories, I was just focused on the numbers and the calories and the diet, the diet, the diet, the calories, the calories, the calories. Once I let that go, I realized that this was a lifestyle change that I was making. And now everything that I'm doing during the course of the day is how much protein is in that. And I don't even really have to look at the labels so much. I I just kind of know at this point. And sometimes it's not an exact science and I might be a little bit under. Some days I might be way over. And the calories sometimes might be the same. Some days like today, if I didn't force myself to have that extra protein for dinner and I had just had that salad, I forced myself to have what I had for dinner because I knew I had the salad. I wasn't super hungry, but I knew that I needed that protein. If it had been another given day and I was really tired or I just wasn't feeling it, my calorie intake would have been really, really low for the day, but tomorrow my calorie intake could have been a little bit higher. And it all just kind of balances itself out. So, number six, I wish I um I wish I had stopped counting calories sooner, but it was also, you know, definitely great to help me learn, you know, along the way. Number seven, and probably one of the most important things, um, is don't listen to everyone else. Guys, don't listen to me. I'm just some girl on your YouTube. Like, you need to do you. And I cannot stress this enough. This is your journey. This is your life. Um I I'm thrilled that you are all here. And if anything I say resonates, then that's amazing. But don't listen to people on social media. Don't listen to your neighbors, friends, girlfriends, brothers, ex-wife, sister. Don't listen to your dog walker. Don't listen to people. Listen to you and listen to your body. That's what really is the most important because everybody's journey is different. Everybody's body is different. Everybody reacts differently to these medications. Um, I have been saying for a long time, I really can't drink alcohol. If I drink alcohol, I get really full. It makes me a little nauseous. People at work were talking about it and I was like, you can't drink alcohol, guys. It's going to make you sick. And another woman I work with was like, I drink it every night. It doesn't make me sick. I can have a drink. It's different for everybody. This medication is different for everybody. So just because something is one way for somebody doesn't mean it's going to be that way for you. So you need to do you. This is your journey. Don't let anybody else tell you how to do it. This is your life. Live your life. Uh last thing, this is just another one of my bonus. Number eight, just be prepared. I wish I knew how many people random or otherwise were going to ask me how much weight I have lost. And it is just mind-boggling to me that anybody thinks it is okay to ask another human being. My husband doesn't even ask me that. It is mind-boggling to me how many people will walk up to you that have never even spoken to you before and say, "You look amazing. How much weight have you lost?" And I was like, "Wow, that's awesome." Cuz I really look like crap before, didn't I? And it's great that people notice. And I obviously you can't hide that fact, but prepare yourself now and have a response ready because this is not something that everybody's comfortable with. Clearly, I don't care or I wouldn't be putting it out here on YouTube. But you guys also know that it's much easier for me to talk to you here in my little screen than um it is to talk to people face to face. So, it is just something that you should be prepared for because it is absolutely mind-boggling to me how many people when you start losing weight think that it's okay to ask you how much weight you have lost. So, I was not prepared for that and it's still something that takes me back a little bit every now and then. So, it's something that I want to prepare you all for because trust me, it will happen because you are awesome and you are doing fantastic and I am so proud of each and every one of you guys. That are my eight tips for the day of things that I wish I knew before I started Zepbound. Thank you all so very much for being here. You know how much I love and adore you. If this video was even the slightest bit helpful, I would love it if you would give it a like. If you're not yet subscribed, please go and hit that button. And if you would stick around, come back, go check out the playlist, do all the things, guys. Remember, my friends, when you can't find the sunshine, be the sunshine. Bye.

- 4 Months on Zepbound: My SHOCKING Weight Loss Journey in a Cleveland Clinic Trial!: Kind: captions Language: en Officially four months taking Zepbound in a clinical trial. How do you think my results are? Stay tuned to find out. Hello and welcome to my channel again. Thank you all of you beautiful people for joining me on this journey thus far. For those of you that don't know me, my name is Cherylyn Lynn and I am on a journey to wellness through the Cleveland Clinic Institute of Beriatrics. I was chosen to be part of a clinical trial where we test the effects of Zepbound or GLP-1 medications to that of beriatric surgery. So, welcome. I'm glad you're here. And for those of you returning, thanks for coming again. So, as you heard in the beginning, this has been officially four months. I can't believe four months has already come. Uh, but I have taken officially four boxes of the uh, Zepbound medication. So, they come in a box for those of you that don't know. Some of you may get a vial. I got the pen, but a box of four. I've officially completed four boxes. So, how's it gone? As part of a clinical trial, I am documenting my journey and I'm inviting all of you to join me to find out how it went. So, I'm going to talk about some of the symptoms I've had, the side effects, uh, and whether or not I experienced weight loss. So, for those of you that haven't caught up, I'm going to go through a quick recap of what I've done thus far. And for those of you that have been here for the journey, just stay tuned because I'm getting to the good part. You won't want to miss it, that's for sure. So, I started on the 2.5 milligram dose, which is the lowest dose you can get of Zepbound. So, I got the 2.5 milligram dose and I took that for one month or four pens. After that 2.5 milligrams, they increased my dose to the 5 milligram dose pens and I took that for four months. So, I took two boxes. I mean four weeks, not months. I'm thinking four months. Anyway, four pens, four pens, 5 milligrams, 2.5 milligrams. My side effects from the 5 milligrams were atrocious. And I really I didn't like it at all. In fact, I questioned even continuing my journey on this clinical trial. But after speaking with my provider and discussing all the effects I was having, uh the extreme nausea, fatigue, shakiness, um I know most people don't want to hear about my bowel habits, but they were atrocious. I was constipated and having diarrhea. It was a weird phenomenon. um really really really just sick and thrown off. My blood pressure was low. It was terrible. Just terrible. And so when I reached out to my provider and I explained to them the symptoms I was having, uh we discussed what I was eating, what I was doing, we tweaked a few things, but they agreed to drop me back down to the 2.5 milligram dose, which I did very well on. And then for my third dose, I did the 2.5 milligrams. And again for my fourth box. So my fourth month I finished out the 2.5 milligrams. So in total I did three boxes of 2.5 milligrams and one box of the five milligrams. Now I must say that after the five milligrams I did go two weeks without touching anything. My provider asked me to try the 5 milligram again just to see if it was a fluke because of what I was eating that I wasn't hydrated enough or those types of things. I got really really sick on that 5 milligram pen again. So I went another two weeks without taking any medication and then on to the 2.5 milligram dose. So oddly enough during that time period I really didn't lose much on the 5 milligrams and I think that's just because I felt so ill. I was trying to eat and drink and whatever I could do to help with those side effects and it was just not a good not a good feeling for me. So I went back down to the 2.5. I've kind of held steady for for that. So with this last month uh my fourth month on the medication, my fourth consistent month taking the medication, I have experienced some side effects. Month three was amazing. Zero side effects event. I mean few but very tolerable and and not much to speak of really. Month four was a little more difficult for me. And so I don't know if it in part has something to do, sorry, my thing was stuck there. Uh I don't know if in part it had something to do with my um the level going up in my bloodstream because this is a medication that um continually goes up in your bloodstream for a period of time, usually up to a month from what I've read. So I don't know if it's just because that level was increasing that month four was a little more difficult for me. I again started feeling kind of nauseous uh weak. My blood pressure dropped again. I I there's a video on that. You can you can go back and watch that when I discuss side effects. But my blood pressure was getting low again. So I was extending the time between doses with the advice of my provider, the advisement of my provider. So I I also want to mention that I am not a provider. I am just a clinical trial participant and I am just here sharing my story. So any questions or concerns or ideas or things you may experience, address those with your provider. Just take what I'm saying as my own personal experience, what I've spoken with my provider about and the things that I have already gotten approval for from them to do. So, back to where I was. I went um an extended period almost I I think 12 days was one, 10 days was one. Uh and then I was feeling a little better and I was able to bring it back in at the week again. I finished my last dose a week. I took the last dose a week later. Uh but I still just felt kind of funky. And so I have permission from my provider to take a little break from the medication, restart it again here in a little bit when I start my fifth box of I I did ask my provider for the 2.5 milligram again. So the fourth month I I was just mostly just that nausea, shaky a little bit, feeling um restlessness at sleep. Uh someone did mention taking magnesium. I have heard that from somebody else as well. I will consider doing that because for some reason the shot does especially for the first day or two my sleep is very very odd. It's not restful sleep. I'm up a lot. I just can't sleep. I don't I don't really know why. My heart's not beating fast or I'm not experiencing any other symptoms. Just that I'm awake. So, uh I will see how that goes. But I'm taking a little bit of a break after this dose uh this last dose. So, I'm a week out obviously. It's the full the full time I've experienced with my injections, but I'm going to take a little bit more time, kind of let my body filter through what I already have in there. I still feel the appetite suppression. I still feel the uh avoidance of certain foods. Uh I still notice that I there's foods that I'll start eating and I just don't want anymore. But I am ensuring that I'm staying hydrated and that I'm eating protein richch foods. And I'll I'll do a video on all that as well. But I just wanted to get this update out there. So, with all that being said, uh, my fourth month, how much weight did I lose? Because I'm sure that's why most of you are here. We all know the side effects and the symptoms that can come with an injection, but we want to know how much weight I lost. And I couldn't wait to find out either. So, with that, this month, on my fourth month, I lost not much, but it's a loss, and it's not a gain. I lost four pounds, which averages out to a pound a week. And I am perfectly content with that. Why? Because for one, the scale didn't go up. It went down. For two, it is a slow weight loss, which means I'm not going to have as much loose skin. I'm sure I'll have loose skin. I'm not going to experience all the things of a drastic weight loss, right? My hair isn't falling out. I don't feel that extreme fatigue that I have felt previously on extreme dieting and whatnot. So, while four pounds before would have really put me into a depression, I would have been very very upset with myself, probably given up and went and started eating. It's motivational for me. So, this is a huge step. It's it's all a process and I'm really really really really trying to hone in on healthy eating habits and skills so that I don't need this injection anymore. That is my goal. I do not want to be on this injection forever. That is my hope that I can teach myself the tools that I need to teach myself so that I don't ever end up in this boat again because I am so tired of obesity and how it has ruined my life. What things have I gained aside? I lost weight, but what have I gained? I gained more confidence back. I finally feel comfortable in my own skin again. I feel happy with my children. I I want to go do things with my family rather than be a recluse and hide in my house because I am so ashamed and embarrassed of how I look. I don't feel that way. I still know that I'm overweight. I still know that I have pounds that I'm packing and I'm not going to be out there all cute in a bikini or anything like that. I have no desire to be cute in a bikini. I just want to be healthy. And I'm feeling so much more healthy. And I feel like my picture being taken with my children isn't always a bad thing. And I find myself smiling in my photos, a genuine smile, rather than feeling like depressed when I look at my picture because I see all the extra weight in my face. I don't see that anymore. And I'm one of those people who loses it from the top down. So I see it up here. I carry it all in my hips, thighs, and rear end. But it's going in the right direction. So, I've gained confidence in that. I I feel better. Uh I've I was able to wear clothes that I couldn't before that I had from when I had lost weight and I've been holding for years and years that I never thought I'd be able to fit again. And here I am wearing it. I've also uh gotten recognition from other people like, "Wow, you're withering away." Hey, I'm not withering away by any means, but that means they can see the difference and it feels so good. So, it feels like my efforts are not for nothing, right? And while 4 lbs seems like so minuscule to so many people, it is huge for me because one, I didn't give up when I didn't see the scale moving like I wanted it to move. And two, I'm not giving up because I didn't lose as much as I wanted to. I'm happy and thankful for the downward trend. Can it be disappointing? Of course it can be disappointing. But we're fighting that mentality. And that's how we see progress. So, I just want to encourage you that if the scale is moving slow for you, don't give up. Look at what you're doing. See what you can do to speed things up a little. I've already worked out a nutrition plan. I got on ChatGpt. I put in the macros and the calories and everything that my nutritionist told me to try and stay within. and chat GPT gave me a whole week menu with a shopping list to accompany that to meet the things that I need. I tweaked it by adding this is what I kind of like to eat, this is what I don't like to eat, and it did it for me, which is amazing. So, I just got that yesterday. So, I'm definitely going to be doing some shopping tonight uh and maybe maybe tomorrow. We'll see. But I want to get those things in place. I've got a workout routine in place and what I need to do to help burn and maximize that weight loss because I don't want to grow stagnant. These are all things that we need to do anyway. And so, it's just an encouragement to me to do a little more. I'd like to shoot for two pounds, at least two pounds a week next month. But if not, I'm okay with that, too. I I hope to, but I I I have to be okay with that. So, I'm just tweaking a couple of things. I I want to really get really get this health journey down pat. Not just a weight loss journey, a health journey. So, in total, let's get there, too. Uh so, I lost 4 lbs this week. I have lost a total of 36 lbs since I started my journey and um 45 41 41 pounds overall. Uh so since starting my first injection I have lost 36 pounds in four months and my uh since overall starting to try and lose weight I have lost 41 pounds. So yay, right? That's huge. Uh 40 lbs in general is just humongous. Right? I I can't even imagine walking around carrying 40 lbs every day. So, I'm not anywhere near where I want to be, but I'm certainly way further than I was. And I'm hopeful for all the future has to bring and all that I will learn on this journey. Again, I thank you for joining me on this journey. I really hope to uh accomplish great things and instill great habits and be an encouragement to all of you who are out there struggling with obesity and how hard it is and uh coming along to share this journey with me. So, thanks again for coming. I will get some more videos out to you. Drop them in the comments below. Drop whatever you want me to post about in the comments below. I would love to get some more content out there that you guys are curious about. I have a couple things in mind that have already been suggested to me, so I'll definitely be doing those. Uh, and like and subscribe. Join my channel so you can see all that I'm doing on this journey. Will I stay on the medication? Will I get off? When will I get off the medication? what doses will I go up to, the side effects, how the clinical trial works. I have it all coming your way and I'm glad that you're here again. So, I will uh finish this up now and stop rambling, get it out to you, and I'll see you on the next one. [Music]

- 2 Months on Zepbound (tirzepatide): The Shocking Truth About My Weight Loss Journey: Kind: captions Language: en Hey, if you've been thinking of taking a GLP1 medication and you're feeling afraid or a little apprehensive about jumping into the deep end on that, stay here and I'm going to give you my update from the first two months and I'm going to give you all the good, the bad, and the ugly of what I have experienced. Hey everyone. So, it has been about two months now uh since I've started my Zepbound journey, and I thought it would be a good time to give an update for those of you who want to know. Okay, so just a quick summary. I've lost about 20 lbs. I went from 250, I'm right now currently hovering around the 230 mark. Um, and I guess for some people for two months, that's kind of slow, but I don't think so. I've been on the 2.5 milligram dose for that long and I don't plan on going off because I'm still losing weight on that. Um and and in my opinion that it's better to lose weight slowly. Um my in what I've read and in talking with my doctor, she seems to feel that uh people have less side effects when they are losing the weight slowly. By side effects I mean um you know the scary things you hear about the pancreatitis, the gall stones, all that stuff. Um so just as a note, I already have gallstones, but I still have my gallbladder and I just don't want to make it any worse. So that said, it was decided that, you know, let's take this slow and steady because, you know, to me it's all about transformation and this is what I'm looking to do to transform my life. this is something different that I'm doing other than just being on the wheel of dieting and dieting and dieting. Uh you know what is it? Einstein said the definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting a different result. Uh so this was my break free of the mold uh moment. Let's try something I've never tried before. Let's do weight loss medication um and see what happens. And so far I'm really happy with it. Uh, so like I've said, I've lost 20 pounds. I feel my clothes fit better. I feel more confident uh in myself. Um, and and I like talking to people about my journey. So, I hope this helps you. A couple of things that I've learned. Um, so if you have never injected yourself before, it's a little scary. I'll admit it took me about two weeks or so to actually get up the nerve to stab myself. I had to have my husband sitting be beside me holding my hand, holding my other hand as I jab myself. He's the trooper. He did it. Now it's uh now it's a no-brainer for me. But that's the thing, right? Fear is the thing that's going to stop you from doing what it is that you intend to do. Don't let it move forward with your plan. If I could give you one piece of advice, that's it. Don't let fear stop you. Okay. So, anyway, the first time though, even though my husband was there, you know, holding my hands, I still messed up the shot. You know, I took the needle out of my leg and that's where I put my first um shot in my thigh. I took the needle out too quickly and the medicine went flowing everywhere. Okay? You know, I messed it up. That's all right. Live and learn. Just just know that if you are not used to injecting yourself, it's going to take you a little while to get used to doing it. Um, and honestly little while I mean after the first injection maybe you'll be better than me and you'll you'll know get the first one on the good on get the first jab on the first try. Next thing oh it might sting. So um typically uh we keep the zet bound in the refrigerator. That's you know how it comes to you refrigerated. I put it in the refrigerator and keep it. first couple times I did it, you know, it stung, you know, putting it and when I injected it, I talked to my doctor again about that and she said, "Oh, just take the bottle out of the refrigerator and let it sit for about an hour." Uh, it's perfectly fine to do that. She said, I even read in the um drug insert that you get with it. Actually, you can keep that bound at room temperature for quite a long time. But regardless, I talked to my doctor and she said just take it out of the refrigerator for about an hour, let it warm up, and that actually really makes a big difference. So, it it eliminates the sting when you warm the injection up. Second thing, third thing, third thing I've learned, especially because I tend to favor my thighs. I know you're supposed to go around, but I've been using my thighs just because I've heard people have less reactions, uh, nausea, and that type of stuff when they do it in their thighs. Again, I talked to my doctor about this. She's fully aware of it. She says, "That's fine." One of the times I did it in my thigh. I must have been very tense and flexing my thigh muscle when I did it. And it hurt so bad. And on top of that, took the needle out. Again, half of the dosage went everywhere. Do not flex your muscles. Be relaxed when you are inserting it into your thigh. Um because now I also have a really nice bruise to go with that. And it stung. it stung and it um and it achd for about a day or so and the bruise came, you know, right away as soon as that happened. Another thing, dehydration. Now, even though I was not um even though I was not uh nauseous on on the 2.5, even though I didn't have any um I didn't throw up or anything like that that you hear other people talking about, you do eat a lot less. Uh and I think that that's the key. And so to me, I wasn't I wasn't hydrating myself because I thought, well, I'm not throwing up, so I don't need to keep, you know, drinking water, drinking water. But you do because you don't realize how much uh moisture and fluids you get from the actual foods that you do eat. There was a couple days I just felt really run down. I felt sick. Like the day after my injection, I felt really sick, just not right and run down. My stomach was making kind of weird flippy feelings. Uh and again I contacted my doctor and she asked me had I been drinking and I was like no not really and that's when she informed me that uh you know you have a lot of fluid from the foods that you eat and if you're not eating as much as you used to you're not getting that same kind of hydration. So I am sure to hydrate myself. So first thing in the morning I grab some liquid IV and I drink 16 ounces of that. Um that really sets the tone and that helps me a lot. And then throughout the day, I really I have a glass of water next to me and I make sure, oh, that's still half empty. I better drink the whole thing. You know, it just helps having that reminder always with me. Um, so make sure you hydrate regardless of how you're feeling. Hydrate, hydrate, hydrate. And this is the last thing I would encourage you to do. I'm sure maybe some of you noticed, maybe not. I have a new hairstyle. I cut my hair. This is about transformation. And this is about um a new phase in your life. So embrace it uh in the best way that you can. And so what I did is, you know, about 3 weeks in, I went and I got my hair cut. So I had really long hair and I honestly hadn't had my hair cut since co um and my hair was like all the way down to my butt. And I'm like, you know what? I need something new. I need something different. So I went got my hair cut off. And you know what? I was surprised to see, look, I I got curly hair. I didn't know that cuz the weight of my hair was pulling it down. Um I guess this is one of the benefits about going gray recently. Uh so uh you know I've got curly hair. You might find something new about yourself as you go through this transformation process. Um so I want to uh encourage you to prioritize taking care of you uh at this phase of your life. You're doing something different for you already. Continue on with it. Do things that are going to make you feel good and better about yourself. Definitely, you know, go take a walk. Walking is a huge thing for me. I mean, I tried going to the gym. You know, I I just couldn't keep it up. It's not something right now at this phase of my life, and that's okay. It's not something that I could um really embrace right now, but I can walk and I like walking and I like getting outside. We have a nice wooded street. We have a nature preserve across the street from us. I go over there, spend time in prayer, spend time in meditation, and you know, I just find just getting out of the house and doing something different other than working all day helps me to reenter myself and just be more thankful for this journey that I'm on. What else can you do? You know, uh, we talked about getting a new hairstyle. Oh, improve your skin game. Um, I've, you know, taken to at night after I take my shower and I'm getting ready for bed. You know what? I do a facial mask. I, you know, I I do the gouache sha. You know what? I'm trying to do things to also help take care of the outside of me and make me and help me to feel better about the skin that I'm in. Um, and you know what? I feel good about doing those things. I think it made a difference in in in my skin texture, that's for sure. But these are the things, these little things or things that you can do to prioritize yourself, prioritize this new way of thinking about yourself and this new way of being. You know, one of the things that I would like to say about the medication itself is yes, I eat a lot less when I'm on it, but you can overeat. It doesn't take the food, smack it out of your hand, and say, "Don't eat that." You can go to a local convenience store and just get three tubs of ice cream and just binge because I had a really crappy day. Um, you can do that. You know, you might really get some stomach upset by doing so. However, it's not going to stop you from eating. But what it will do is give you um, at least what I have found. Every time I have an opportunity to eat like that, I stop and I think, hm, am I really hungry? and is that going to serve the goals for what I'm doing right now? And most of the time it's no, it won't. You know, sometimes, you know what, I just I I've had a sticky bun or so because I'm just want to do that. But I don't beat myself up. I move on. However, I will say that it's this process is all about changing your mindset. If you don't change your mindset, if you don't change um the way you view food and the way that you respond to circumstances that cause you to eat, at the end of it, it's not going to help you. You know, you have to be the one to take this situation to take this opportunity and use it to its full advantage to change and rewire your brain and your habits. Now that said, maybe I'll get myself to the gym uh in in in a month or two. I don't know. We'll see how I feel then. But right now, I am in a good place. I am happy with uh the results that I've had so far. And you know, I would encourage you that if you are thinking about taking this journey uh with weight loss medication, I would encourage you to do so. Do not let fear stop you from moving forward because if you don't do anything different now, nothing's going to change. You have to take that step and kick fear to the curb. Every day is going to get easier. And every time you inject yourself each week is going to get easier. Um and you'll be doing it without any problem sooner than you think. Um so push past the fear and do it. So, you all have a blessed day.

- Stopping Zepbound the Wrong Way (What I Learned): Kind: captions Language: en Hey guys, it's been a while and I do feel badly about that, but today I want to give you an update on something I didn't expect and that was restarting Zepound after being off of it for 7 months. My original plan was to come off the medication slowly and of course to maintain my weight loss, but things didn't exactly go according to plan. So, if you're new here, I just want to give you some history to kind of give you some context. So, I started Zepbound in February of 2024. I was 214 lbs and I lost 80 lb in about a year and a half, about 18 months. Now, that may seem like a long time to some of you, but I really wasn't focused on losing as much weight as possible in the shortest amount of time as possible. I really wasn't. I wanted to take the opportunity that I was given, uh, you know, my insurance thankfully covered the medication. and it still does. Um, and just kind of run with it and reinvent myself and just kind of use this as an opportunity to completely change the way I was living. Um, because my goal was always to come off of the medication, I knew that I had to do things differently. I couldn't continue eating the way I was eating and expect to, you know, lose the weight, come off the medication, and be able to maintain it. I I that much I knew. And so I knew that I had to learn how to properly fuel my body. And so things that I'd never paid attention to were things that I was focusing on. Mainly making sure that I was getting enough protein. Um I was thinking about my metabolism. I had never thought about my metabolism all the other times I was losing weight. It really was just about losing it as quickly as possible. This time around, I wanted to make sure that I was protecting my metabolism and preserving my muscle. And I did that by making sure that I was eating enough even though I was in a calorie deficit. So, for pretty much all of my weight loss journey, I stayed at 1,600 calories. So, I was still in a deficit, but it wasn't anything extreme, nothing crazy. In the past, I would have, you know, been eating like a military diet, like 800 calories, maybe 1,200 calories. And of course, that's not sustainable. So, that was one of the ways that I was making sure that I was preserving and protecting my metabolism. Um, muscle was a huge thing. I knew that I had to protect my muscle and make sure that I wasn't, you know, wasting away, especially because I was hearing so many things about um this medication and people having ompic face, ompic butt, you know, all of that. And so, I made sure that I was prioritizing and making like a deliberate effort to make sure that I was eating enough protein. So, my protein goal was 130 g because that was my ideal body weight. So, I did 1 g of uh protein per pound of ideal body weight. That was just uh what was easiest for me to stick to. So, um it was things like that. Uh as well as strength training, something else that I had never thought to do in in the past. So, again, it wasn't just about losing weight. it was really about taking this opportunity and making like creating the better version of myself. And so that was part of the reason why I even started this channel. Um, of course I wanted to find like-minded people that were on a similar uh journey, but it was also to help people get started on these medications the right way because I was very fortunate that I did get started on the medication the right way. I don't really have a whole lot of regret on how my journey went. And a lot of that had to do with the fact that I learned early on how important it was to protect your muscle and your metabolism. And so that's kind of become my mission is just helping people because there's a lot of people that don't realize that this medication can backfire in a really negative way if they're not careful. So, yes, it did take a little longer than I assumed it would take, but I learned so much along the way. Like, like so, so much. And I really don't have any regrets. And I'm just, you know, very happy with how my journey went. Now, I will say I did have a couple of stalls in there which obviously slowed down my progress. Um, if you're someone who's dealing with that right now, I have a couple of videos that um, I've done kind of just sharing tips on how to come out of a stall, how to break the stall, but more importantly, how to avoid it in the first place because they are just terribly frustrating on a weight loss journey. Okay, so my goal was to eventually be able to come off the medication. Um, I just didn't want to be on it long term. And actually this is a perfect time to mention that I don't cast any judgment on anyone who has a different idea on on that. I have been very clear that although my goal is to come off the medication, I would absolutely go back on the medication if I felt that I needed to if I felt that I wasn't able to maintain my progress without it. So yeah, my goal is to be off of it, but I have no problem um you know being back on it clearly cuz I I am back on it. So, um, that was just a goal that I had. So, I just want to make sure that no one gets the impression that I'm looking down on you if you choose to never come off these medications. I I, you know, to each his own, live and let live. So, um, I don't have a problem with that. But yeah, the plan was always to lose the weight slowly, build habits alongside of it, and then slowly come off the medication. And my thinking on that has not changed. If anything, everything that has happened has kind of just reinforced how important it is to slowly come off these medications. So, in order to um explain my thought process with that, I feel like I also have to backtrack just a little bit and uh talk about kind of where I was right before stopping Zepbound. So, back in uh I guess it was July of last year, I decided it was time for me to begin the process of tapering off of Zepbound. And so, I was initially planning on being on a every other week rotation and kind of just hanging out there for a while and seeing how things went. Um I didn't have like I'm going to be doing this for 3 months or 2 months. I I was just going to kind of play it by ear, but that was my plan every other week and see how it goes. Then some health issues that I was experiencing from earlier in the year kind of reached a tipping point and I just decided to come off the medication altogether. And just real quick, the issues I was experiencing were not related to Zepbound. At that point, I had been on Zetbound for over a year and had had no problems at all. Um, I just want to mention that because people right away start to draw conclusions that, you know, are not true. Uh, my doctor did not think it was related to being on Zepbound. My specialists did not think that either. Um, and I know that it was not related to Zepound, but not going to go into all the details on what happened here, but I'll link it for you if you're, you know, curious. Um, but basically at that point, the pain I was dealing with was pretty much overriding any hunger or food noise that I would have had. And so it just didn't really make a whole lot of sense to stay on Zepbound. So instead of my very carefully planned out exit strategy, I ended up uh quitting Zapound cold turkey. So I ended up having surgery and everything with that went went great. Um and I would say it was probably about 2 months after that that my hunger kind of started coming back. So that would put me at about October of last year. Now, side note, in the months leading up to my surgery, I really was not eating a whole lot. And so, as a result, my metabolism took a huge hit and basically just shut down. Um, which is a shame because I had made sure on my journey to uh protect and preserved my my metabolism, knowing how important it was to not only weight loss, but also maintaining my weight loss. But, it was just something that I couldn't avoid and it was just the situation I found myself in. And the reason why I mentioned that is because I knew that I had a lot of work to do to kind of repair and rebuild my metabolism. And I really didn't want Zepound interfering with my ability to to eat more. And so even though I knew that stopping cold turkey was not a good idea, at that point it had been 3 months since my last injection. And I just didn't feel that going back on it um was made made a whole lot of sense knowing that my goal was eventually to come off of it anyway and knowing that I was trying to eat more to kind of repair my metabolism. It just to me it didn't make a whole lot of sense. So because time gives us um some perspective and it allows us to look at things in a more zoomed out lens, I can now look back and realize that probably I should have stayed on I should have tapered down to 2.5. So, I was on 5 milligrams when I stopped Zepbound and I probably should have gone to 2.5 and just kind of seen how how I did with it. Um, I didn't think of it honestly. I really didn't. I guess because my goal was always to come off the medication and it had it had already been 3 months and so I thought, you know, well, you know, whatever. It's not ideal, but I'll be fine. And so, again, that wasn't my plan. Um, but good or bad or in between, that was the decision I made. And I can't stress enough how important it is to gradually taper off these medications. I did do a video on my uh Zepbound exit strategy, so you can take a look at that if you're thinking that you might want to eventually taper off these medications. I put a lot of thought into how uh coming off of Zepbound would look like for me. So again, I'll link that so that you can, you know, get some food for thought. But, um, yeah, life rarely goes according to plan. And so, here we are. Now that I've kind of got you all caught up, um, I guess we can talk about where I am now. Since stopping Zepbound in July of last year, so 7 months ago, I have gained 19 lbs. So, I went from 134 pounds to 153 pounds. Um, yeah, not good. So, aside from not getting to gradually transition off the medication, I had a lot of things going on, a lot of like personal things. Um, 2025 in general was a pretty rough year. Um, the first half of the year was just dealing with u my health issues, which was really hard, and then um after that was just like a lot of family stuff. And so, it was it was hard. And I know a lot of you can relate. There was just a lot of ups and downs, just just a lot. It was like, you know, you'd get through one thing and then something else would happen and it just felt like it was like a constant um barrage of things. Um but yeah, anyhow, I wouldn't say I was depressed necessarily, but I was just sort of um I I don't know, just kind of checked out in a way. I wasn't motivated to do anything. I wasn't motivated to eat healthy. I wasn't motivated to walk or do exercise or um wasn't motivated to do YouTube videos. I just pretty much went off grid and disappeared. Um that's just kind of how I guess I was trying to manage things. This was actually the point that I realized I had to make a decision on what came next. You know, I had all these things going on and at the same time I'm noticing the weight slowly creep up. And so I decided to talk to my doctor and I, you know, kind of let her in on everything that's been going on. And um she mentioned something that I thought was interesting and she told me that she had noticed that with her patients that were on Zap, the medication didn't just cause them to eat less, but it actually gave them a motivation to eat better and to exercise and move their body. So I could obviously only speak for myself, but I feel like that's absolutely the case with me. Like when I started the first time around, I instantly had motivation to do all the things and I wanted to eat better and I wanted to exercise and move my body and like just completely change everything, you know? I really was so excited to have the opportunity to be on the medication and my insurance covered it on top of it and I just wanted to really take full advantage of it. So, it was really with that conversation that I decided to restart the medication. And that decision kind of coincided with me hitting 150 lbs. I had kind of always had that as the number, like if I reached 150 lbs and I was struggling that I would go back on Zapound. So, I'm currently on 5 millig and I'm not dealing with any side effects at all whatsoever. So, thank God for that. Um, I will say though that I feel like the medication is not as strong as it once was. And I do have a theory on that. I think it's because I'm not getting enough protein. I think that if I would uh up my protein, it would kind of help the medication along a little bit because when I was on 5 milligrams and kind of doing everything right and making sure that I was hitting my protein goal, I was able to tell on days that I was not hitting my protein goal because I would have a little bit more food noise and a little bit more hunger. So, it'd be interesting to see if I up my protein and I get really diligent with that if I feel like the medication is working a little bit better. I I do think I would, but um I'll keep you guys updated on that. So, when I started Zbound, I was 153.8 lb and now I'm 150.9 lb. So, that's 2.9 lb in about 4 weeks. Definitely much slower than the first time around. No doubt about that. But I also have less weight to lose. And I'm also not exercising. So that's definitely something that I need to kind of get back um into doing. And I I just really need to start practicing what I preach and just make it a priority. I just I just need to do it. So basically, I ended up going back on debound for two reasons. One, to lose the weight that I've gained, and two, and this is really important to me, to give myself the opportunity to come off the medication the way I had intended to. right slowly. And I really feel like I owe it to myself to try one more time under ideal circumstances and see if this is something that I could actually do. If there's one thing I've learned through this whole experience, it's that how you come off these medications is just as important as how you start. If you're still watching, thank you. And if you're someone that is thinking about uh coming off these medications, let me know in the comments what your plan for that is. I'd love to hear from you. All right, guys. I'll see you on the next one. Bye.

- I Lost 20 lbs in My FIRST Month on ZEPBOUND: My GLP-1 Journey: Kind: captions Language: en I spent years trying every diet and the scale only went up. Then May 2nd, 2025, I took my first Zepbound shot. 30 [snorts] days later, I was 20 lbs lighter and that was the fastest I had ever lost weight. Today, I'm going to talk to you a little bit about what happened that month, what I I I went through, the changes that I've made, how it affected me, and some of the pitfalls that I kind of avoided for the most part. And and hopefully you can, too. So, let's go. What's going on, guys? It is Chris and welcome to my channel where we talk all things GLP-1, weight loss and lifestyle changes in order to live a healthier and happier life. I am beyond that first month in my GLP1 journey, but I'm going to talk about that today. Kind of a recap of what all went down and uh hopefully it'll it'll help somebody out there with their journey because a lot of times you don't know what you're getting into. may not know what to look out for, what to avoid, and uh you know, give you an idea of maybe what's possible. So, my weight loss journey is different from yours and anybody else's. So, don't hold it as as an exact, you know, carbon copy uh in order to have the same kind of results. Some people will have greater results, slower results, what have you. And you're going to move at your own pace, and that's fine. I I made changes that other people have refused to make until recently. And I probably didn't make the changes I should have right off the bat. And that's okay. Again, hopefully me sharing this with you is going to help you out long term um with your journey. And that's again why I'm doing this. Now, if you haven't already seen my first video, I do highly recommend that. I'll have that link down in the show notes below. [snorts] um very much so recommend that so you can kind of know who I am and what my journey's been like and what my weight loss has been um over over the period of you know 6 months, 8 months, what have you. Uh so you can get an idea of where I'm at and what I'm I'm doing. Um but again, everyone's journey is different and I and I try to reiterate that over and over again. Uh so don't don't expect the same results from each and every person that you tune in to and listen to. Uh, now one of the things I'll say is, uh, one of the other GB1 advocates, I don't know if you want to call her an influencer, uh, or or me an influencer, definitely not, but, uh, another GLP-1 advocate I've watched for quite a while now, is uh, Nikki over at the GLP1 Girl Code. Now, that's not what the channel was called when I started watching it. Even if it was, I'd probably watch it anyway. Um but but she and I have different opinions about some things and um and and one of them I'm going to get into right now. But she's awesome. If you're not following her, you're really missing out. She covers some great stuff. Like I said in my very first video, I do like watching different creators, even the ones that are speaking to to the ladies. Um because there's still something in there that I can grab on to and learn from. So I do, again, my my little phrase is Frankenstein, your monster. So, there's going to be things that you might find from her or like uh Paul that I was talking about earlier as well [snorts] that um that he covers some things or I may cover some things or you know, whoever. You may find little bits and pieces from everybody that you like. Put them together. Frankenstein your monster for what's going to work for you and get you the best results. Um, but one thing that Nikki uh has uh been big on, and again, go back and watch my first video to know where I'm coming from, so you'll you'll kind of understand this part, but she says, "Do not, you know, do not put off starting the GLP1. Go ahead and get on the GLP1 and then, you know, start working on adjusting your diet and your lifestyle and everything like that. But the big thing is get on the GLP1 first." I'm going to say the opposite of that for this reason only. If you are going to have to go out there and purchase and pay for your uh prescription, subscription, what have you to get on a GLP1, yeah, I would not hold off. I would do exactly what she's saying. Now, that's where she is. She does that herself. She funds it herself. She pays for it. And so, you know, getting on it and then making your adjustments is way smarter than putting it off. So, I do agree with her 100% in that regards. Now, if you are like me and you can't afford it and you are getting the opportunity to get on the medication through insurance, um my thing was there's no no guaranteed that I'm going to be on this medication, you know, forever or that I'm going to have the access to it or the insurance going to keep covering it or they're not going to change the pricing and I'm going to get priced out of it. So, I wanted to make the biggest impact I could. I wanted the best return on my investment, right? Even though I'm not, you know, directly investing um like some of you may be doing. So, for that purpose, I think it's better to go ahead and start adjusting things prior to getting on it because again, my assumption is what if I'm only on it for a limited time? I only have a limited window to make a difference and I don't want to waste any of that time and I want to make the most of that time. So because of that, I had already had the gears turning and and already had some lifestyle changes going anyway, but I just couldn't stick to them because I needed that help from the GLP one that we get as far as like silencing the food noises goes or um uh curbing the appetite, you know, those things actually feeling full, which again, I've never felt full until I took my first dose. Took my first dose and about two days later, I felt full for the very first time. Not stuffed, full. And again, I've I've never felt that before. So, this was new. So, definitely getting on a GLP1, you learn things. You learn things about your body. And you have to start listening because the sooner you start listening and making those adjustments, the sooner you're going to start seeing the results. And really to me, that's the big thing is making those adjustments, listening to your body, relearning how to do that and learning those signals that you're getting so that way you can eventually possibly get off that medication and start living your life just, you know, like all these other people that we see doing it that can go to an all you can eat buffet and not gain a pound. I think about a biscuit and I gained 5 lbs. It's just how it is for some of us. Okay. So, again, my thing is if you if you are going to get on the GLP1 and you're going to get a prescription for it and it's going to be covered by by your insurance, to me to make the most impact, I think it's not a bad idea to go ahead and start start, you know, uh adjusting your diet, start coming up with a routine, a plan. Um, a great saying is if you uh failed to plan, you plan to fail. So having a plan in place, go ahead and start meal prepping or meal planning. We'll get into all that later on, but you know, whatever it is you're wanting to do when you're on the GLP1, go ahead and start doing that. Go ahead and start try yourself to start making those micro adjustments to start getting in that moving in that direction. A couple of reasons for that. One, again, you get the more bang for your buck when you are on the medication, I think. and two, something that I learned at an early age. My dad was a mechanic, [snorts] and he taught me enough to be, you know, efficient, I guess, with with some stuff, but he didn't want me to learn how to be a mechanic cuz he wanted me to work. He said, "I want you to work with your brain, not your hands." So, I I I turned into a nerd, as I I mentioned before. I am an IT guy. So, I I don't really do anything physically with the computers. I'm I'm more support desk kind of, you know, person at the moment. Um, but I've built all my computers. I like that. I like tinkering around with them. And it's kind of like a mechanic for computers, I guess. But one of the things that he taught me, and this has carried over into a lot of facets of life, not just the IT world, but in the GLP world, weight loss, whatever as well, is when you're making changes to anything, make one change at a time. Make one change at a time. Because if if something isn't working or you get some kind of weird side effect, you can pinpoint it to when did this start? Okay, it started when I changed this. And that's been huge for me. So when I started on the GLP1, I already had the diet kind of going in the right direction. I was already meal planning and meal prepping. I was tracking stuff. And so I I I then introduced the GLP1 and then I could see what had changed in my weight, what changed in my feelings and and how I was doing any side effects or anything like that. And that would help me pinpoint, you know, that the GLP1's the issue or maybe it's not or or or what have you. And I did not go to the gym right away. That's something else that again some of you may already be doing or you may want to go ahead and do and that's fine for me again because I'm a nerd. I like my data points. So I like to be able to track that. Okay, I started my GLP1 on this date and for a month this was my weight loss. This is how I felt. This is how everything worked out. And then the following month I said okay I'm going to introduce the gym. And then I started the gym the second month that I was on a GLP1. then I could start tracking that and seeing the differences that that made. So again, to each his own. Frankenstein, your monster, what you like, what you don't like. But [snorts] I do recommend starting before you get on the GLP1 if you can. If you've already started the GLP1, it's perfectly fine, of course, do what you do. But, um, yeah, I I'm in the boat of of of trying to go ahead and do the best you can without the medication because the medication is a tool to help you. It's not the end all beall. is not supposed to make you thin and make you healthy. It's supposed to help you get to that point, but you've got to do the work yourself. So, when I started, I was on 2.5 milligrams of Zepound. Um, I have and still do inject only in my stomach. I I rotate it. Um, back to the mechanic thing, if if you've ever done tires, you you know, you tighten the lug nuts in a star pattern. So, I will inject in the upper left and then lower right and then lower left and then upper right and kind of rotate it that way. Try not to hit the same spot over and over again. But I I've never done the back of the arms. I've never done the thighs. I've had plenty of success in the stomach, so I'm just sticking with it. Try not to hit the exact same spot over and over again. Understand this, two things. Um, when you inject in the same spot, you are injecting into potentially damaged scar tissued, you know, muscle, fat, whatever. and it it may hurt more and it may not have the same impact. Let me carry that over to this next point too is that if you are feeling pain when you're injecting yourself, there's a possibility that you're going through uh stretch marks or other damaged tissue. So, try to avoid stretch marks if you can. I know I've I've got them and and it's kind of difficult to avoid them sometimes, but if you can avoid the stretch marks, stretch marks are damaged scar tissue as well. [snorts] And two things, one, it's it's got to, you know, really punch through it. So, it's going to hurt more. [snorts] And it's also going to delay, from my understanding, it's going to delay the effect of it because it's not going straight into the tissue it needs to go into. It's got to get through that scar tissue first. So, you actually may lose a little bit uh in the effectiveness of that. So, just you just a note to throw out there. Something to think about. Some of the side effects that come with it. You guys are probably familiar with it. You got your nausea, your constipation, your diarrhea. So, both ends of the spectrum there. Uh, vomiting, sulfur, burps, loss of appetite. Um, I don't know, all kinds of things. You can you can pull them up. There's a list of all kinds of side effects. Everybody's different. For me, I had zero side effects for the most part. I I I didn't have the nausea, the diarrhea, or anything like that. Not at my 2.5, not even when I went up to five. Um, I didn't see any true side effects until I went to 7.5. And that's where I'm currently at right now. But we'll get to we'll get to that later. But when I got into it, I had no side effects at all. Maybe because I was so big. I don't know. I started at 377. I mean, that's very embarrassing, but I'm in front of a camera. So, that's embarrassing for me as as it is. As I've said before, I'm an internationally award-winning filmmaker, but from behind the camera. I So, anyways, um, yeah. So, I didn't really have anything. The only thing that I noticed was the sulfur burps. And I did get those pretty heavy. Um, bless my heart my wife's heart. Poor poor girl. But, uh, but yeah, I got the sulfur burps. That was fun. That was interesting. And I didn't think anything of it at first. And then when it kept happening, it kept happening and the strength of them, I said, "Okay, I know what this is. This is sulfur burps." [snorts] But the great thing was, aside from the side effects, it kicked in instantly. Almost instantly. The food noise went away. I wasn't craving stuff. And then I can't remember if it was the first day or the second day. I'm eating and I said, "You know what? I'm actually done eating. I'm full." Two things happened there. One, the medicine kicked in, did what it was supposed to do. And another thing that I was doing was uh slowing down eating. I scarfed my food down. Um but I I slowed it down so I could try to try to let the body catch up. Signals fire off and everything like that. And it it worked. I ended up eating less than I normally would and I was full. I was happy. Everything was good. Another thing in my diet, and we'll talk about diets later on. Um, but protein protein is something. Um, that's that's huge. It it it's whether you're on GLP1 or not, protein is I mean, it's kind of the big big [clears throat] dog as far as the macros go. Now, me, I like the idea of a balanced diet. Uh, and we we'll go ahead and get into the diet a little bit. I like a balanced diet. I think carbs are not your enemy, but too many carbs definitely are. Uh, fat is good for you. There's a lot of good stuff in the fats. But I will say this, fats are more, and I'm sorry carnivore guys, but fats are more calorie dense than anything else. when you're looking at protein, fats, and carbs. Uh protein and carbs carry the same calorie to gram ratio, whereas fats actually have twice as many calories per gram than proteins and carbs do. So you you can only eat if you were eating just one carbs or one uh one macro rather, you could only eat half of what you would eat for carbs or protein in and fats because fats are so calorically dense. And at the end of the day, it really is about calories in, calories out. Learned that from coach Greg Ducet, who I also recommend watching if if you're interested in that. He talks about diet a lot. He's very wellnowledged in that. It can be a little rough to listen to sometimes and go off on, you know, dramatic videos here and there, but if you can find the right videos, uh, Coach Greg's great. Um, but he talks about diet. He talks about exercise. Obviously, he is an IFBB pro uh bodybuilder. So, uh, that's something else. Getting to the gym, of course, we'll talk about that at another time, but uh, I do recommend that as well, getting into the gym. And as much as cardio is great and I think it's awesome to have as part of your exercising, weightlifting, even for the ladies, you're not going to get big and bulky, but weightlifting is huge. And again, we'll dive into the purpose of that and why I am really, really big on doing that later. But again, back to the macros. One of the biggest things I think people do is cut out carbs. I think it's great to lower the amount of carbs that you have, but carbs are vital. Carbs are important. When you think of what a carb is, it's carbohydrates, right? Think about the hydrates part. Water, right? Water in your muscle fibers, water throughout your whole body and everything. That's why when people cut out carbs, they lose a lot of weight right off the bat. And I did that. I I I cut out carbs a lot. Again, not totally, but I cut out carbs a lot because you can definitely be eating too many carbs. Um, but I cut out carbs a lot and I lost a lot of weight really quick. And that a lot of that is water weight. you're not losing fat as fast as you think you are sometimes when you get on that scale. So, don't let the scales fool you. And this channel is going to be about conquering the scale. And we're going to talk about the mindset behind some of that and how to actually interpret numbers and and all that stuff when it comes to that cuz it can be very misleading. Um, good or bad. But, but yeah, water weight comes with the carbs. So, yes, you can lose more weight right off the bat by cutting carbs, and that sounds great, but water weight's not your enemy, right? It's okay to have carbs. Carbs also fuel your brain. There's there's studies out there that show that, you know, you need uh carbohydrates to to fuel different parts of your [snorts] brain function. So, don't cut out carbs. They're also really really good. Obviously, it's the the body's preferred source of fuel. So, if you are going to the gym, if you are being active, it's great to have some carbs in there to get you through it. Otherwise, you're could be potentially burning muscle instead of fat. But again, we'll go into all that later. Don't cut out carbs. Don't cut out carbs. I don't recommend it. Again, do your own thing. Reduce your carbs. Sure. Cut them out completely. I wouldn't I would not do that. Again, you do to me want to kind of create a diet that's going to be based around what you're going to want to eat later on in life. So, don't cut out stuff and then reintroduce it later because then you don't know how to handle that. You haven't learned while you're on the medication. So again, keeping pizza in the diet's fine, but learning where and how to put it in there, pasta, um, sure, yeah, why not? But like in in increments, like learn how to do it properly to maintain your weight loss goals while you have the aid of the medication because once that's gone, you're all on your own. So to me, I like having a balanced diet. uh protein uh it takes longer to digest. It keeps you fuller longer. Okay. Um it takes more energy to digest. You actually burn more calories digesting protein than you do the other two macros. Um and of course, again, it's the main building block for muscle growth, which if that's something you want to do, great. I do highly recommend it. So, again, balance is really the key. Um I focus more on calories, and I think that's great. And and again, I can't really tell you what my calorie intake was. is it it's not going to be the same as yours. So, that's something that uh there's plenty of videos out there from other people and I may cover that later on. I don't know. Kind of figure out how many calories you should be eating versus how many calories you are currently eating. Uh it's all about creating a deficit and there's only two ways to do that. It's just like your money with income and and out outgo, right? You either have to create more income or cut down your outgo if you're going into debt, right? So, same thing with your weight. Um outgo is maybe not the right word, your spending, right? Whatever. but um your expenditures. So with weight loss, calories [snorts] in, calories out, you either have to reduce the amount of calories that you're eating or increase the amount of calories that you're utilizing and burning. So again, there goes that whole going to the gym kind of thing and working out. So again, there's there's so many different ways to break that down, but there's only two ways to do it. Either move more or eat less. I know people get tired of hearing that, but that's the truth. That's really what it is, right? Um, doesn't matter if you're on a GLP1 or not. That's how you lose weight or gain weight. If you are in a calorie um, deficit, you're going to lose weight. If you're in a calorie surplus, you're going to gain weight. Simple as that. As simple as that. So, keep that in mind as we go through this. It's all about creating the balance, though, and hitting those calorie goals. So, to me, calories is number one. Secondly, I plan everything around my protein. I try to get around 0.1 to one gram of protein per pound of my goal weight. If you listen to people a lot of times they'll say that get about8 to one grams of protein per pound. For a big guy like me, that's a lot of protein and I'm not trying to eat that much protein. I'm trying to eat that because that's too many calories for me. This is not the weight that I want. So I looked and my goal weight again I started at 377. My goal weight, I know it's a big stretch is around 180 lbs. I might be happy at 200 because of going to the gym and actually building some muscle. 200 might look right on me. It might feel good on me. It just depends. But I remember being comfortable around 180. So I'd like to get down to 180. That being said, I take 180 and I multiply it by [music] the 08 or the one, you know, to give me a range of of protein. Now, sometimes I don't hit my protein goals. That's that's fine because I'm trying to hit my calorie goal first. And within [snorts] that calorie goals, I'm emphasizing protein. And if I hit that protein goal, great. If not, it's not the end of the world, but that's what I'm shooting for in my diet and that's what they recommend, uh, studies recommend if you go out and pull them up. So, I highly recommend that as well. So, to kind of give you an idea of what my diet looked like, I won't go through like every meal, but just to give you an idea of some things that it consisted of, I'm I'm going to look at my little notes here because again, I track everything. And in fact, I have a tracker for you guys. It is not a great tracker. It is not anything special. I don't know how to make all that stuff. Um, so it's like a spreadsheet, but it will uh help you track your uh shot doses, your weight, your meals, all that stuff. Yes, I I I think you should do it in a in a calorie counter app. I also have the one that I use down below too in the show notes. It's called uh I don't know if it's chronometer or chronometer. Anyways, but it's it's the one I use and we actually have a video coming out. I think next I'll have a video about the different tools that I use, but all that's down in the um in the show notes below. None of them are affiliate links of anything. They're all free, so you know, get her done. But but my tracker that I made is down there. I'll even put it in the pin comment so you can get to it easy. But, you know, it's nothing special. Don't expect the world. But it is a way for you to kind of plan out your menu for the week. And then you can go in your calorie counter app and then adjust how much of each thing you want to to have. so you can hit your calorie goals. That's what I do. Again, you don't have to do it that way, but for me, when I'm planning out the menu for the week, for the family, I I pull up my sales ads. I see what's on sale. I look for the protein first and I base meals around that. And I start planning out my meals for each day for lunch and for dinner and maybe breakfast. Um, make my adjustments and then go into the calorie counter app and figure out, you know, how how much of each thing I need in there. How much of you know the chicken do I want versus the green beans or you know uh w rice or whatever you know it's it's it's all mathematical I'm a nerd again I like doing all that kind of stuff but it is timeconuming so maybe that app helps you out not app I don't know what you call it spreadsheet maybe that helps you out maybe it doesn't I don't know but it's free I made it don't bash me I know I'm an IT guy but I'm not a programmer so it's something very very simple but again just an idea of some of the stuff I had in my first month that I lost again 20 lbs pound if I hadn't already said that and I think the title says that so spoiler but I lost 20 lbs in my first month and a lot of that it was probably water weight because of the the the carbs again I didn't cut them out completely as you're going to see now [clears throat] but I did lower the intake of my carbs so here's some of the things that I ate which means these are some things that you can eat understand you don't have to go to grilled chicken uh brown rice and broccoli right but I did have I had some roasted chicken I had steak and chicken habachi I'm actually having that today by the way steak chicken habachi with some white rice and some uh teriyak sauce. I got some veggies like zucchini and broccoli up in there. Good. Um steak and chicken habachi, grilled pork chops, grilled asparagus, roasted potatoes, sauteed green beans, broccoli, baby back ribs, chicken tacos, cheeseburgers, pot roast, Panda Express, tilapia, wild rice, yellow rice, scrambled eggs, chipotle, steak and chicken bowls. I I have a homemade recipe for that, too. That's so good. It's so so good. Um, and uh, and then my wife watches a show or watched a show, it's no longer out, called The Vampire Diaries. And if any of you have seen that, let me know in the comments. I'd be interested to know. I know it had a huge fan base, but it was The Vampire Diaries. And there's this fictional town called Mystic Falls. And uh, and they had a restaurant called Mystic Grill in this fictional town. Well, that fictional town's in Covington, Georgia. And we go there every so often. So, for Mother's Day this past year, I took her to uh Covington and and went to Mystic Grill cuz it is a restaurant now. And uh we ate there and I ate some I think it's called Southern Fried Chicken, mashed potatoes, and green be Oh, man. Oh, man. It's so good. Fat kid's so happy when he gets to go there. But, um but she loves that little town. I like the little town, too. Might retire there one day. I don't know. But you're not limited. You can eat anything. Um my first month, I didn't have pizza, but I've introduced pizza back into my diet. I've introduced other things back into my diet and and again, knowing how to do it is the key. Doing in moderation, planning it accordingly, tracking it, all this stuff makes a big difference. 5 10 years down the road, you probably aren't doing any of that anymore because you've learned, you've taught yourself how to make adjustments and and find when things are going out of flow. If you see the scale moving in the wrong direction, let me just readjust some things. But again, when you have the medication in your system, that is the time to utilize that to make the biggest impact that you can with the changes that you need to make. Uh, breaking it down real quick, the weight loss from the month. Week one, I was down 11.6 lb. Do not expect to be down 11.6 lb. Yes, I created a calorie deficit, which I had already kind of gotten to anyway before the GLP1, but again, readjusting those carbs and really putting an emphasis on the protein is something I really tweaked right there as I was starting the GLP1. So, those fine-tune adjustments literally were just happening. So, I think that is where I saw a lot of this happen and and sticking to a hard number for my calories. I lost 11.6 six lbs that first week. Again, a lot of it water weight. Don't get too excited and don't think that I'm delusional. Uh, week two, I was down 14.6 in total. Week three, 17.8 in total. And by week four, I was down 20.8 lb in total. Um, so that was like an average of 5 lbs a week. Um, again, not everybody's going to have that same reaction. Not everybody's going to lose the same amount of weight. And again, I didn't really lose that much fat. A lot of it was water weight. And again, and and actually some of it was probably muscle weight, too. I lost muscle because again, I wasn't stimulating my muscles and saying, "I still need you body. Retain these muscles." And I certainly wasn't going to the gym and building muscles. So, I probably lost some muscle weight. In fact, for every pound that you lose of actual body mass, they say um what was it? 40% I want to say 40% of of that is more most likely muscle. So, you know, you don't want to lose muscle. The the less muscle you have on your body, the lower your metabolism is. The higher your metabolism, the more you can eat. So, that's why it's important to maintain your muscles and to grow your muscles while you're losing weight so that you can start offsetting even more that caloric deficit because then as your body needs more calories, your deficit grows automatically anyway. And then once you start getting to where you want to be, you can actually start eating more and more food and maintaining that weight, which is the direction I'm going into. And I'll I'll go into more depth in some other videos on that one. But yeah, get get a balanced diet going, meal plan, meal prep. We'll break all that down. Again, [clears throat] uh you know, those that'll be in another video, too. I I'm going to try to do everything I can to help you guys. And I care nothing about being a YouTuber or documenting my journey. I don't want to see this. Uh, so, you know, I'm hoping this helps somebody and and and I've got more videos planned out. I'll get to them as soon as I can and get them put out there for you guys. So, if you want to keep track of what's going on, yeah, you can hit the, you know, buttons down below and subscribe and follow and like and all that stuff. But again, it's it's more about just reaching people and helping people. And I hope I hope you got something out of this. Um, if you're considering starting on GLP1, um, I would say, you know, watch this video first. I I'm gonna throw it up over here. This was my intro video just so you kind of know my story of how I got into the game. And maybe some of it's relatable, some of it may not be. But again, check out the channel, check out other folks channels. Nikki's link's going to be down below. I'll even throw Paul's link down there again, too. and Greg, uh, Coach Greg D said, I'll link him down below as well. But Frankenstein, your monster. Do it. You're going to kill it. All right. And don't forget, um, go out there and conquer the scale. Never let the scale conquer you. We'll see you on the next one.

- Zepbound or Mounjaro GLP-1 for Beginners - Getting Started: Kind: captions Language: en Just wanted to talk about my experience of being on Zepbound now for almost 3 and 1/2 months. 39 years old going on 40. Didn't have any major health uh issues. Um but I just started to get bigger and bigger and I felt so inflamed all the time. And the heaviest that uh that I was right before I started Zepbound was 2 225. And I'll show a picture of me in Hawaii here. I just didn't like the way I looked at all. Um didn't like the way I felt. U just to bend over, I felt like stuff was going to come up. It was just it was gross. I was done with it. Uh finally I heard some people on this new drug called Zepbound. I know I believe diabetics they're on Mjaro is supposed to be the same thing, but Mangaro is for diabetics. And that's my understanding anyway. And Zepbound is for non-diabetics. Let me tell you about my experience when first starting out on Zepbound. So, first thing, it probably took me a couple of hours to actually inject myself cuz I was scared. Like I said, I'm a baby with needles. But once I actually got around to doing it, it was like, you know what? Uh, you know, you know about sibling rivalry and your siblings, they might pinch you when you're little and that that hurt more than this. um these pens that they come in. Actually, I have it right here. Here. So, this pops off and there's a little needle. I don't know if you could see, but there's a little needle that um just goes into you probably for a total of 3 to 4 seconds. Um you put it up against your body. And I'm I'm actually going to make a video about this and show me actually doing it uh within the week. So, but uh when you put it up against your body, you hold it and there's a few different injection sites and that's also shown here right on the box it comes in and it shows you purple zones. So, you'll see it's by your your your abdomen or in your thighs. Or you could do the back of your arms, but it says to get a second person to help you with the back of the arm. I didn't, but um and I'll talk about that in my next video, but uh it's really not that big of a deal. I think uh my sister's pinch hurt more than this in my abdomen. Um, so I pushed it lasted, you know, one, two, three, and then you hear a click that which means it's done. That's it. You know, the next thing is, well, how did I feel? I didn't feel anything after that. Did I feel any effects? The answer is no. It actually, I'd say it took about 12 to 24 hours for me to feel the effects. But what effects were those? Well, um, I just felt full. Um, there's a lot of people, you know, you'll you'll see on YouTube or you'll read on the internet and you'll you'll see people get really nauseous. They might have diarrhea. They might have, you know, all these varying side effects. I guess I'm one of the lucky ones. I actually didn't have any side effects. I would say um my first dose I might have felt for a very small period of time, maybe a couple hours, a little nauseous, just a little. I mean, it really wasn't that big of a deal. I think perhaps it was just my body getting used to it. Um so I injected myself in the morning. Um didn't feel anything, you know, any effects maybe till later that day. Oh my gosh. The next day though, I ate something. You know, I I'm always eating a lot. I'm binge eating, eating tons of food. Oh, the next day, not the same day, but the next day, I think I had a little bowl of oatmeal. I was full. Uh it it was amazing. I've never had that feeling before of that satisfaction of being full and moving on throughout my day. Food noise went away. Uh my mind was clear. I could focus it on other things I needed to focus it on. That was my first that's how my first few days were with Zepbound and it was amazing. Now here's something that wasn't so amazing. Um there was uh some event so you know some formal event my wife and I went to uh you know in the evening. This was being on Zepbound for about 2 weeks. So I'm still on the the initial baby dose the the 2.5 milligrams and I was done. uh I pigged out in the evening. Actually, a side note is that what I find is my Zepbound is strongest I'd say the first 3 to 4 days after taking the getting injected uh you know taking the shot and after day four uh the effectiveness starts going down slowly. I find myself, okay, I'm eating a little more or maybe I might start a little bit, you know, not not full-blown like I was before Zepbound, but I find myself um starting to think about it a little more. So, this uh this formal event that we went to, I believe was on a Friday evening. Uh I take I take my shot Saturday. So, this was already, you know, almost a week since I took my my shot. And so uh I kind of pigged out and that evening I woke up throwing up. I always threw up so much. At the end of the month uh I felt the 2.5 millig was starting to lose its effectiveness. Some people might stay on 2.5 millig for a couple of months or longer. Um but I decided to go up to 5 millig. But let me just tell you before I went up to the 5 milligram I lost 15 lbs in a month. It was amazing. And so I was 225. You saw my picture of me in Hawaii. I just I hate the way I looked. And u I went down to 210. And if anything that kickstarted my motivation to start exercising. I found, you know, with my with this motivation from Zepbound, uh, that there's always time to do something, even if it's for 20 minutes. I found Zepbound doesn't just help you lose weight, it also gives you motivation to improve your health overall. So, after a month, I increased to 5 millig. What I found on 5 millig, and this is consistent with some other stories I've heard, is that it actually wasn't as effective as when I was on 2.5 millig. Well, wait a second. That doesn't make sense. It's double the dosage. I don't know why. Um, I still lost weight on 5 milligrams. Uh, I lost another uh I'd say 8 lb. So, I was down to 2023, you know, somewhere around there. Um, but I found myself eating more and thinking about food, having that food noise. I was on the 5 milligrams for two months and I just switched about a week ago or not switched but I increased my dose about a week ago to 7.5 which is what I'm on now. And you know when do you switch? Well, when you start losing the effectiveness with 5 mg when I increased and also again on 7.5 millig uh I don't know this might be TMI the first week on the on the higher dose is like all diarrhea but still no other side effects. I'm lucky uh you know I'm not nauseous. Um I you know I've heard a lot of people get constipated. That's not my problem. It's the opposite. Um, and so 7.5 so far has allowed me for the first time in years, I can't even remember when, but being on the 7.5 mg of Zepound, I've officially dropped below 200 lb. Now, I might only be 199, but still, that's a huge milestone. And that's given me even more incentive or more motivation to uh exercise and think about my my health overall. And uh what's going to be interesting is I'm going to be having a blood panel soon. I want to see if my uh cholesterol and other numbers, you know, any, you know, adverse numbers have come down cuz I'm reading and hearing about all these other people who are on Zepbound and their numbers come down too. on the 7.5. I screwed up again, just like I did at that formal event when I was on the 2.5 millig. So, this was the day I started my 7.5. Um, I actually I normally take it in the morning, but I think I forgot and I took it in the evening. But that whole day earlier, I piged out. I mean, the 5 milligrams wasn't working anymore really. Again, it's still better than not being on the Zepound. It was still better. like I still had some effect, but it definitely lost its effectiveness. And so I was dumb. I had a big, you know, big burrito. Uh I was just eating whatever I wanted. And that night threw up again. And and I just knew I, you know, I was dumb. Do not the day you start zapbound, you want to eat very light. And I'd say even the day before you want to eat uh really light. But uh anyway, that's in a nutshell my 3 and 1/2 month journey so far in Zepbound. I just wanted to give a quick overview. Uh but I will have be having some more detailed videos coming up. Stay tuned and thanks for watching. Uh if you have any questions, feel free to comment below and I'll happy to answer and give you my experiences. Thank

- Two Years on Zepbound: The Reality After Weight Loss: Kind: captions Language: en-US I've been on Zepbound for a little over two years, and I wanted to take some time to let you know how that experience has been for me. First of all, my name is Taisha. I am 5'7". I'm 48 years old, perimenopausal, mother of five. My starting weight on this medication, Zepbound, was 183 pounds, and I've currently been maintaining at 130, which is comfortable for me. My initial goal weight was 135 pounds and I came up with that because I went based off of my height but it was a range I wanted to know what the healthy range was for my height and the middle was 135 so that's what I picked and I really didn't think that I was going to get there um. But I did. And I just want you to know that if you have this magic goal weight, and you think that when you get to that weight, you're going to feel a certain way, it might not happen. Like, I thought that I was going to magically love my body, and I didn't, you know. Now what I had to focus on and lean into was how I felt. And I felt fantastic. I was able to do things that I wasn't able to do before. like getting in and out of the car easily, going up a flight of stairs without feeling winded. I was constantly using my inhaler. It's being able to do things with my children, with my husband, my granddaughter, and not feel out of breath, being able to get down on the floor and do things with her. Like that's life-changing. For me, the food noise is something that went back to when I was a little girl. I remember always thinking about food and being excited and wanting to eat. And the binging is what ended up being an issue. As I got older, I guess there was just a point in my mid-30s where, okay, I have these poor habits and now it's affecting my health. And I just didn't want to live like that anymore. So for a short time in 2023, I was on Wegovy and I made no lifestyle changes. I didn't do anything differently. I leaned into not having an appetite and then when I could eat, I wasn't making healthy choices. So when I came off of the medication, I gained a significant amount of weight back in a relatively small amount of time because I went right into binging and the food noise came back with a vengeance. I was fortunate enough to. Have a doctor that looked at the full picture, looked at my co-morbidities and prescribed the medication and then TRICARE, that's who I have my insurance with, they covered it. So I wanted to make the most of this and do things, in my mind, the right way. So the right way is different for everybody. For me, I thought it would be beneficial to cut out ultra-processed foods. And the reasoning behind that is, if I'm on a medication that is supposed to help me control that, it would be counterproductive to eat foods that are designed to make, you know, make you want more and more and more. Two weeks in, I decided, okay, I want to start strength training. And the first program I did was by Kirra Mitlo. Her channel used to be called Strong Sisters United. And it was called the Body Recomp 2.0 series. Whatever that first Monday in March was in 2024, that's when I started that program. And I also the next day created an Instagram and I used it as a food and exercise diary. So if you're interested in the things that I was eating and the movement, that's all there. And the first day, it kicked my butt. I was, I remember being out of breath and having to take, you know, a lot of breaks, but I kept going and I came back the next day and the next day. And then it started to just become normal for me. And the only day I missed, and this was in 2024, was the day of the eclipse. And I just made a decision to like not do it that day. The next day, I just jumped back into it. where in the past, missing one day would have completely derailed me. I was never known to be the queen of consistency, but it was just different this time. And it was easy for me to be consistent. You know, I had these systems in place, but I actually enjoyed it and looked forward to doing it every day. I looked forward to getting a little bit stronger or, you know, having more endurance and my body changing. So it took me about 26 weeks to get from 183 to 135 and DEXA scan. So I had a DEXA scan in January of 2024 and another one late March of 2024, which was about a little over a month after I started on Zepbound and I had lost a significant amount of muscle. So I was excited that I was down 18.8 pounds in four weeks, but a lot of that was muscle. So when I approached tracking calories, it wasn't about being restrictive, but making sure that I was getting enough. And that ended up becoming just a normal thing for me. So I was taking pictures of all of my meals, because again, for Instagram, it was a food and exercise diary. and I was keeping track of all of my calories and lose it. But. It was effortless for me at that time. Now, I eventually got to a point where it started to feel like a chore. And that's when a lot of other personal things was going on for me. So I didn't have that same drive and desire to strength train. And then I kind of feel like I kept setting these different goals. And I got to a point where I'm like, what am I doing? And that's how I felt. So I stopped doing so much. So I stopped strength training. Then I moved into walking regularly. And then I didn't feel like doing that anymore. So the scale started to go up a little bit. And I had weighed myself when I was at 135. So I was like, I need to readjust because I'm eating the same amount of calories that I was eating when I was strength training regularly and walking regularly. So I reduced them just a little bit nothing crazy and I've kind of just been maintaining here at. I'm 130 pounds. So I weigh myself weekly. I'm not doing, I hadn't done daily in quite some time. And there have been periods of time where I would just weigh myself if I was doing an update. And then when I got to maintenance, I didn't really want to continue to focus on the weight because I really didn't have much to report in that regard, right? So I wasn't weighing myself. I did weigh myself this morning, and I'm 130.0 pounds. So sometimes it's 130.0, 130.4, 130.8, but I seem to stay in that 130-pound range. And I'm fine with that. I focus more on how I feel, and I still feel good. Now, the medication for me is just as effective as it was in the beginning. I haven't noticed like, and all throughout this time, I haven't noticed like, oh, when I get to day four or five, you know, food noise, none of that has happened. And I do know that that's an experience that some people have. But I'm sharing this with you just so you know that it's not something that everyone has to have. All of our experiences are going to be different. I just recently started going back to the Y and I'm doing their e-gym. So I know that I will need to increase my calories because I want to be strong, right? As we age, it's not like we're just naturally getting stronger. So I don't want to lose any muscle. I feel like the key for my visceral fat going down was walking and the last time I had a DEXA scan was in January and my visceral fat was down to 0.43 even when I was 125 pounds my visceral fat was still not 0.43 so I'm just saying that walking is don't underestimate it okay let's see The programs I did, I did programs with. Kirra Mitlo and Lift With Cee Something you'll hear a lot of people talk about is the middle, right? Feeling, you know, getting to a point where you just feel like blah. The blah feelings I've had weren't because I was struggling to lose weight or struggling with, what do they call them, stoles or anything like that. I feel like for the most part, I had a downward trend. There were a few times where weight went up a little bit, but I still continued. So that's another thing. When you're tracking everything, and if you're anti-tracking, I would recommend just give it a couple of weeks and just see. It's just about data. I feel like the fact that I was tracking, I didn't get stressed out about the scale movement because I just stayed consistent. So because I knew what I was eating, because I knew the movements, none of that stuff changed. I didn't freak out when there was an increase or a decrease. Now there was a period of time in 2025, and this is when I was still going through the telehealth provider, that he wanted me to titrate down a 2.5 just to see how that would go. Now, because I was diligently tracking my calories and movement, I was going to be able to get my calories. I know that the weight that I gained was just from the dose being adjusted. And I believe it was either 11.8 or 14.8 pounds that I gained in a relatively small amount of time, maybe nine days, and I didn't make any changes. So I went back up to the five and that just tapered back off. So for me, five is an effective dose. And if I hadn't have been tracking everything so diligently, I probably would have tried changing all these things around, and I didn't need to. It really was just the dose. Now, just because that was my experience, that doesn't mean that I think everyone else's experience is going to be like that. But I challenge you just for a little while, maybe track what you're doing, and then you'll know. You know what I mean? So if you need to make a change for whatever reason, you'll know what to adjust instead of trying to adjust a lot of things and not even needing to. So recently, we got our YMCA membership back, and I'm going to be going through the eGym. So I know at some point, I will have to increase my calories. I don't want to lose any strength, and I haven't been strength training like I was. so I know that I've lost some of that and I want to build that back up. As far as fear, like the fear of eating certain foods, a lot of that went away when I went on a cruise last year. And it was in late June. And I had different desserts. And I would have my meal. Then I would have a snack. And I'd be okay. And that let me know, like, okay, I can do things in moderation. Now, when I came back, I still didn't go into, like, eating a lot of ultra-processed junk foods. That's just not something that I have the desire to do. And it's not that I will never, ever eat those things. Things have been working for me, and I want them to continue. Or my granddaughter, her first birthday was on Sunday. Went to her party. My daughter made this vegan cake, and it was probably the best cake I've ever tasted in my life. And she had cut a nice-sized slice for me, and I'm eating it. Well, this is really good, but I'm satisfied. So what my husband did is he came and he got the plate because he was like, you okay? And I was like, man, this is really good, but I know I should probably stop because I'm not uncomfortable. So he took the plate and he was like, you know what? We don't have to clean our plates. And I was like, yeah, let me figure it out. But he took it and I'm glad he did because I may have continued. We'll never know. So when you have someone in your life that is making you aware, they're just trying to help you. At least I know with him, he has my best interests at heart and he has seen these struggles throughout the years of me, you. Binge eating or, and then that guilt that comes afterwards. I don't want to feel that anymore. I don't want to eat to the point where I feel, you know, stuffed or like, I just can't go. You know what I mean? Like you got to lay down, you got to unbutton your clothes. Like I don't want to do any of that anymore. Now, as far as my plans, I'm going to continue to stay on this medication. I'm on five milligrams. My goal, my plan is to continue taking it weekly because that's what works for me. I'm not losing weight. I don't have any side effects. I'm maintaining. So as far as I'm concerned, I have this system in place. So I want to continue, you know, continue to keep doing that. Now, I know I have seen different comments, not necessarily in my comment section, but just in other places on the internet where people are like, Like, you don't know what these meds are going to do. And yeah, I don't know. I don't know what things are going to be like 10 years from now. But I know if I had continued the way that I was going before in that direction. I may not have been here in 10 years. You know, my dad died at 44. So I've already outlived him. So I'm doing okay. I think getting systems in place and focusing more on how you feel and building this healthy relationship with food and your body, I think that'll be really helpful. And just know that you can have a goal weight, but you want to plan for beyond that, like how you're going to maintain. And I think that, at least for me in the past, losing weight. Sometimes it was an issue, but it would be like maintaining. So on times where I was like really extreme and got to a certain weight, once I got there, that was it. I went back into what I was doing before, which is absolutely, you know, silly, but that's just that's what my life was like. So it feels good if I had to go back and do something over. I can't think of anything that I would have done differently. I think that everything that happened in the beginning needed to happen. I think I needed to have, you know, that DEXA scan that showed I lost, you know, a good amount of muscle. That needed to happen to make me comfortable with tracking and not tracking from a point of restriction, but tracking with, okay, I want to make sure that I'm getting enough. I want to make sure that I'm getting, you know, what my body needs to sustain what I'm doing. As a vegan, I'm getting, you know, enough protein. I'm getting what I need. My blood work is the best it's been in my adult life because of my poor lifestyle and poor diet choices before. So I'm doing well. I plan to stay on it. I know there are people that want to come off. And if you want to come off, you know, do what works for you. But I'm a lifer and it's working for me. I'm just going to finish this by saying we can share our journeys, but we should never compare them. Bye.

- Zepbound Weight Loss Journey Week 1: Kind: captions Language: en Hi everyone. I want to talk to you about week one with Zepbound. And today I'm going to talk both about side effects and mindset changes I experienced right away by [music] um injecting this drug, Zebound uh 2.5 [music] mills. Um, and it was prescribed by my doctor due to me fitting the criteria and I was lucky enough that insurance did pay for it. So, um, I was really excited. Week one started last week today. Uh, it was a Sunday and I injected it in the afternoon. In terms of side effects, the biggest thing that happened a few hours later was that I had a raging headache that did respond to Tylenol. And then the next day also had a headache and it responded to Tylenol. That was the extent of my side effects. I did not have anything else. Now I will say I have been trying to diet for a really long time and I haven't had success. So I was used to packing like a small lunch for work, a small breakfast and my trigger time had always been before dinner. And in terms of what happened with me is that I lost the need to eat. I did not have the munchies. The munchies were completely gone. [music] In terms of eating, sometimes I just had to feel like I had to force myself to eat. Not to say I was it wasn't necessarily pleasurable, but I would have a small dinner and be full and that was it. So huge transformation in terms of the quantity of food that I'm eating. But I think what was interesting was that there was a mindset shift. And what I'm referring to is that before I was always thinking about food. Now I'm really always thinking about weight. And I think that's actually kind of good when you're thinking about dieting. Like I am really focused on losing the weight. So that's that is for me really interesting. Instead of thinking about food, I was thinking about I want to lose weight. I want to lose weight. I don't want to lose weight, which I think was kind of positive. But um you know, as the week wore on, I think it's possible that the uh efficacy of the medication kind [music] of diminished into maybe Friday and Saturday. Um Saturday I w to dinner with a friend [music] and I had eaten very little in the morning. I was just not aware of needing to eat. So, I mean certainly that was an impact of this [music] drug. Um, but I will say that I, you know, had like a mid-after afternoon meal and I thought, "Oh, I probably shouldn't eat this cuz then I'm not going to want to eat much for dinner." But I still ate stuff for dinner. So, and I didn't finish all of my food. And sometimes in the past, I have finished all my food. So, it really has changed me for the better in terms of my consumption. So, that's week one, and I'm looking at in terms of weight loss, and I'll hopefully be able to post some actual numbers here, but I weighed myself 2 and 1/2 weeks ago at the doctor's office. And typically I um you know [music] don't weigh myself with all my clothes and maybe even my shoes, but I think I took off my shoes and [music] I was um 184 lbs. And I know numbers are kind of irrelevant in terms of you need to know my height, but let's just go ahead and say that that was overweight and and my BMI met the requirements for me to receive this drug. And [music] I weighed myself this morning, so 2 and 1/2 weeks later, including week 1 of Zepound and I was basically 177. Now I weighed myself in the morning and that is always when I typically weigh myself. So I'm wearing just jammies. I'm not It hasn't been like a full day of work, which what it had been when I went to the doctor um and weighed myself at 184. I think that it you could say that I probably started off last Sunday at 179 and so now I'm 177. So that would be to me really good weight loss. And so we'll see what week two brings. I have already injected my um dosage today. At the same time, I did not get a headache today. So I must be acclimatizing to the drug. Again, I I'm not getting hunger cues. And I think that [music] uh when it comes to zapbound, I mean, I think that's a great thing. But I also reflect on the fact that [music] I don't think I've been getting hunger cues at the right time for years because [music] I basically always have the munchies. So, I haven't been able to control and understand I am hungry now. And I think that that's something I hope to work on so that after I'm done with this drug, I can get back to some kind of normal C where I do recognize hunger cues. But I guess that's a talk for a later time. Uh thanks and and let's see what happens next. Bye.

- Zepbound Before & After: What My 100 Lb Weight Loss Photo Didn't Show | The Real Truth: Kind: captions Language: en Everyone loves a good before and after. The dramatic side by side, the smaller body, the big smile. I have one of those. I lost 100 lb on Zepbound, and I went from a size 16 to a size 4. That photo is very real, but today I'm going to talk about everything that that photo doesn't show you. Because if you're on a GLP-1, or you're thinking about starting one, I want you to go in with your eyes wide open. Hi, I'm Betty. Not only have I lost 100 lb with the help of a GLP-1, I'm also a certified personal trainer, nutrition, and wellness coach. My background is in specializing around the mindset around emotional eating, and that is a very relevant topic to what we're going to talk about today. So, let's get into it. Okay, let's get into the physical side of it. I think a lot of us go into this journey thinking we're going to lose a lot of weight, we're going to look amazing, and in a lot of ways we do, especially in clothing. Currently, I'm wearing a size 4, and that is a size that I never, in my entire adult life, have ever been. In fact, when I first fit into a pair of size 4 jeans, I didn't believe it, so I had to go buy four other pairs in different brands just to confirm to myself that, yes, your body now fits into a size 4. But, here's what the before and after photo didn't show. The hair loss. I was not prepared for the hair loss. I lost a significant amount of hair about 6 months into my weight loss. Now, I will preface this by saying that when I started the GLP-1, I was about 4 months postpartum, so I definitely had a combination effect from being postpartum and from losing weight on GLP-1, but I will tell you, I was not expecting that to happen. I am someone who's always had really thick, luxurious hair. I've never had to worry about having thin hair, and now that is a concern of mine. It's something I'm a little more self-conscious about. I don't know if you can see, but I had really thick, kind of dense hair, and now it's thinner, and I'm going to be transparent about that. Is it growing back? Yes. Do I have products that I use that are helping? Yes. But, it's something that I just wasn't expecting would be as noticeable. And then there's the skin. Oh, the loose skin. I get a lot of questions about this, understandably. You lose 100 lb, your skin is like, "Whoa, we were just holding a lot of stuff, and now where did it go?" So, here's my thoughts on loose skin. Do I have it? Yes. Years ago, I had lost some weight, and I ended up getting an arm tuck and a tummy tuck. So, those areas aren't that bad. There is still some loose skin. My belly is starting to get a little of the creepy skin, especially, but my thighs and my butt, those are the areas where I've always carried the most weight, and those are the areas where I have the most loose skin. I joke that my butt looks like one of those Shar-Pei dogs. Um yeah, there's there's a lot of fat that was lost there. And so, there's a lot of loose skin. Will, over time, it get better? I think so. I think with time, there is a little bit of kind of bounce back. Is it going to be tight and firm? No, it's not going to be. I've thought about the possibility of plastic surgery at some point down the road, maybe, but I know that's a very involved process, so it's it's just a thought. I know it's an option. I have no idea what my decision will be on that. It's also a lot of money. Um but one thing that is in the back of my mind, I'm thinking about the summer. I'm thinking about taking my kids to the beach. We live a 5-minute walk from the beach. I'm going to need to be in a bathing suit. My legs and my glutes are going to be showing. And that makes me a little bit uncomfortable. It makes me nervous. Was I uncomfortable at 237 lb? Yes. So, it's just a different type of discomfort. Is it going to stop me from going to the beach and enjoying the summer with my children? Absolutely not, but it is a thought that crosses my mind. With that being said, would I trade being 237 lb again to not have the loose skin? No, not in a million years. I will take the loose skin and be grateful for what my body has done over the past 12 months, and if this is, you know, uh proof of what it's done, then I'm okay with that. But, I want to be honest about something. For me, and I think maybe for a lot of us, when we think about losing weight, there are so many benefits. Selfishly, and vainly, if that's even a word, one of the benefits is looking better. I like the fact that I look better in clothes now. I like the fact that I feel more beautiful. Do I feel a necessarily more beautiful naked? I don't know. In ways, yes, but I think there's this thought that it's a shame. I feel like it's a shame that I let myself get so big that even though I've lost so much weight, my body was so big and so heavy it will never actually look like like a normal thin person. I don't know if that makes sense, but that's kind of where my brain goes. I could never just go out in a bathing suit, and people think, "Oh, yeah, you've just always been fit." They're going to see me like, "You've lost a lot of weight. You used to be fat. You used to be big." And I think that's something that I have to come to terms with. Another piece of this is that your body changes in ways that you don't necessarily expect. I've always been someone who carries more weight in my lower half, definitely like more of a curvy pear shape. Well, on this journey, my body shape is changing. I'm a little more I'm still curvy, but I'm definitely a little less curvy. My kind of lower body is getting just a little bit smaller, and so it's changing the proportions of my body, which is fine. I'm I'm happy with that, but it's just something I wasn't necessarily expecting to happen. Now, here's the part that I almost didn't put in this video, but I think it actually might be the most important piece that I touch on today. Before Zepbound, I had some emotional eating tendencies. I wasn't a binger. That's something that I had worked through early in my 20s, so that wasn't a an issue for me anymore, but there were certainly times where I noticed, if I had a long day, and I was feeling overwhelmed by just the responsibilities of being a parent, of being an adult, I wouldn't want that one more responsibility of having to cook a meal, to worry about making it balanced and healthy, because so much of my responsibilities already involved that, that I would say, "Let's just get takeout." And Friday nights would usually be that night. It'd been a long week. Let's just get takeout. Kids want pizza, fine, we'll get pizza. I I don't care. I just want to relinquish responsibility, and I did that through food. I did that through that meal of "I just don't want to have to worry or take care of anything else right now." My brain's default was just, "Let's not think. Let's eat." Food could definitely be a coping skill for me. It was a comfortable, reliable coping mechanism. It would always be there if I was feeling extra stressed, if I was feeling overwhelmed, if I were was bored. It was always there, my trusty sidekick, if and when I needed it. And here's the thing with emotional eating that a lot of people don't understand. I have done lots of work on this. I was coaching women on emotional eating and body image issues. Even when you know, "I'm emotionally eating right now," your brain will takes over and says, "I know I am, and I don't care. Eff it. I don't care that I'm emotionally eating right now. I'm going to do it anyway." And that's what would happen to me sometimes before Zepbound. And this is what Zepbound did for me. So, the best way I can describe it is before, my emotional hunger was asking for food in response, rather than asking for an emotional response. If I'm emotionally hungry, it makes sense that I would want a a response that is going to help that emotion. If I'm physically hungry, it would make sense that I would go for something to cure the physical hunger. When you are an emotional eater, those wires get crossed. And what Zepbound did for me was it uncrossed the wires. So, I have an emotional issue that I'm dealing with, my brain no longer defaulted to, "Okay, well, why don't you go, you know, order takeout and get pizza?" My brain was like, "Well, hey, how are you going to deal with this emotion? Like, what are you going to do?" So, what I needed to do was I had to sit down, and I wrote it out. I wrote out my list of strategies, and I said, "When I'm bored, I can do this. When I'm feeling tired, I can do this." And the strategies were ones that actually matched the emotional need that I was having at the time. Now, was I aware of this process before Zepbound? Yes, I was. However, what Zepbound does is it gives me the space to actually want to make the choice of meeting my emotion with an emotional strategy. But at first, this was pretty disorienting. Coping It was a coping mechanism that although it did not work, it was comfortable. It was familiar. It was something that I was used to. So, when the medication kicked in and that instant urge to go to food when I was feeling uncomfortable in some way, I was a little confused to be honest with you. So, I had to kind of do some work there and say, "Okay, wait a minute. If my brain is not going to food, what is it going to go to?" And in a way, I kind of had to mourn that mechanism that I was using because it had been something that was serving me at some point in my life. And the GLP-1 gave me the space to be able to build those habits, but it didn't build them for me. That's work that I had to do. I had to go through the strategies and choose them, the ones that would be most helpful to me. And that work is really worth doing. I want to touch on something that I don't think enough people in this space talk about, and that's the fear. I'm 39 years old. I've been on Zepbound for 13 months, and I've lost 100 lb. At night sometimes, I think about "What happens if I have to get off this medication? What happens if something happens and I have to get off?" I will say, ideally, I will be able to get off and maintain. But there's this little voice in my head that says, "Well, what if you get off and you gain it all back?" I think this fear is very real for a lot of us, and I think it's something we need to talk about because I think for so many this is the first time that we've actually lost weight and it's stuck. So, the stakes feel so much higher. It's like we finally got something that works, and your brain wants to say, "Well, what if it doesn't last? What if it slips out of your fingers? You got the taste of this now, but what if it doesn't last forever?" And it's so normal for our brains to do that because every other time in the past, what's happened? We've lost weight, we've gained it back. That's all our brains know. That's the only story that it knows because it happened once, twice, maybe multiple times in your life. It's happened multiple times for me. So, what am I choosing to focus on instead? Because that voice might always be there. Do I want to do whatever I can to turn it down? Yes. And how do I do that? I can focus on something that I can do now. Can I focus on 5 years down the road? No. Do I know what's going to happen? No. But can I focus on building the tools, like building strength, eating to fuel your body, creating healthy habits, thinking of my longevity and thinking long-term, making it work for my life? If I can focus on those habits now, those are the tools that will help me live a healthy, long, vibrant life with or without the medication. So, while the medication is a tool, the life that we're building while we're on it is ours. Nobody can take that away from us. Even if for some reason the medications, poof, they go away, the life that we've created while we're on the meds, that's ours forever and for always. And that's one of the main reasons that I created this guide around my Betty method pillars, the five pillars of building muscle intentionally, eating to fuel, training consistently, thinking long-term, and making it your way, your healthier way. Because the pill is the starting point, but what you do with that starting point changes everything. Okay, I want to end on this moment because I think this is what I really want you to take away from today's video. So, like I said a few months back when I finally fit into a size four, my brain didn't believe it. I had to go to different stores, buy multiple pairs just to confirm that I fit into a size four. And then one day, this was the kind of pivotal moment that I will remember from this entire journey. I had taken a picture for a before and after. It's this one right here. And it was the first time in my entire life that I looked at myself and I thought, "Hey, you look thin. You look normal." Never in my entire life have I ever been honestly able to say that to myself. And that was a moment that that's a feeling that the before and afters, they don't capture. They don't capture these moments of your brain slowly kind of catching up with the process. In that moment, my brain said, "Oh, okay. I see it. I'm starting to believe you." Because in a lot of this journey, my brain hasn't believed what my body's done. And I think the more time goes on, the more my brain will start to catch up and will start to believe it. But that was a really pivotal moment for me. And that piece is what no before and after picture could ever capture. It's the internal feeling. It's the shift that happens. And that's what we're all chasing at the end of the day. It's not necessarily the number or the size. It's that feeling of feeling at home and comfortable and happy [snorts] in the body that you're in. And for so many of us, we haven't ever really experienced that. So, when we finally do, it's a big moment. And for every one of you that's watching, I want you to be able to feel that feeling as well. I want that for you because it was a really big, powerful, impactful moment for me that I'm fairly certain I will hold with me my entire life, and I want that for you as well. Okay, I need to recalibrate after some emotions getting stirred up. I really appreciate you watching this video, and if it resonated with you, if you're someone who's on a GLP-1 and you want to know that there are other people going through what you're going through, please subscribe cuz this is exactly what I share every single week. I share the ups, the downs, the real the real kind of muck of it all. So, if you were interested in that, I'd love to have you here. I also have my free guide. It's the five-pillar framework that I've created called the Betty method that has not only helped me lose 100 lb with my GLP-1, but it is a complete road map on how to not only lose weight on a GLP-1, but also gain health in the process. And that link is down below. The guide is almost done, so the link is to a wait list, and the second that that guide is live, you will be receiving it in your inbox. So, I'm so excited. It's almost here. It's almost here. But but go click that link, put in your email, and you'll be the first to know. And don't forget to leave me a comment down below. If you're on a GLP-1, what is one part of this process that nobody warned you about? I read every single comment, and I try to respond them as quickly as possible. Again, thank you so much for watching, and I will see you guys next time. Bye. >> [music]

- Ozempic - 2024 Update! Most Recent Information: Kind: captions Language: en welcome back to Sugar High guys I'm PA David I'm a board certified and licensed diabetes specialty PA in Southern California and sugar high is a channel where you can come to for relatable and reliable diabetes information that's always easy to understand a while back I made several videos covering lots of different medications including the wildly popular type 2 diabetes medication OIC the channel was still relatively new at the time and I could not believe how well-received that video was well now it's been seen almost a million times which makes me really happy because really all I wanted was to make a resource for you guys that you would find helpful well in the fast-paced and always developing world of healthcare and Medicine any helpful resource will eventually need an update as information changes new knowledge becomes available and today I'm bringing you what's new with those zic so let's get into it on sugar high all right before we get rolling could you please do me a favor as you're watching this if you find the information helpful would you click that little like button it looks like this and subscribe to the channel I know that every YouTuber says this but it really does help this information to be seen by as many people as possible my goal is to help as many people with diabetes as I can and your interaction with this channel can be a big part of that oh and if you've taken OIC before I would love to hear all about your experience in the comment section below all right the most important update that needs to be made since I last talked to you guys about OIC is that there is now a new dose available when we talked before the maximum dose of OIC was 1 millgram injected once a week there were two different OIC pens available this starter pen which delivers either a 0.25 mgram starting dose or 0.5 mg and that's the lowest effective treatment dose that injector pen came with this red label and if you wanted to go up to the 1 milligram dose you would need a prescription for this separate pen with a green label that has the ability to dial all the way up to 1 mgram well now there is a third member of the OIC family and it has this sort of mustard yellow color to it each of these 2 mgram pens still has enough medication for four injections or a 1 month supply and still comes packaged with the four needles that you'll need to inject it once per week so why the higher dose well several years ago the makers of these glp1 medications started seeing evidence that higher doses offered even greater Improvement to blood glucose control and weight reduction in fact before uh this higher dose of OIC was introduced the medication trulicity which is in the same family of drugs as OIC got approved for three and 4.5 mgram doses because of Greater Effectiveness and with similar safety profile to the previously available 0.75 and 1.5 milligram doses so not to be outdone the makers of OIC conducted a clinical trial of their own that tested a 2 mgram weekly dose of OIC and they found that sure enough it was even more effective than the 1 milligram dose in that study they found that the weekly dose of 1 milligrams brought about an average A1C reduction of around 1.9% while the 2 mgram dose resulted in an average A1C reduction of 2.2% now that average A1C reduction means the average of everyone taking it in the clinical trial that doesn't mean that if you start with a certain A1C and then you use those Epic 2 milligrams that your A1C is going to go exactly 2.2 points lower right uh some people in the study achieved a greater A1C reduction and some people saw lesser reduction but the average amongst all of of them was 2.2% points so perhaps a more meaningful way of evaluating the A1C reduction is to think about how many people on each dose actually reach the Ada goal of an A1C of less than 7% now 7% might not be your goal your goal might be 6.5 or 6% or whatever you and your health care provider choose is right for you but seven is you usually like the cut off where we absolutely know that in most otherwise healthy adults we don't want to stay at an A1C any higher than seven right so that's often times said as the cut off for a lot of these clinical trials about success of all those patients taking 1 milligram of OIC about 57% of them reached an A1C goal of less than seven but about 67% of people on the 2 milligram dose reached that same goal so that's more as far as weight reduction goes there was a statistically significant increase in the amount of weight lost amongst patients taking the 2 milligram dose over those who were taking the 1 milligram while different patients lost different amounts of weight especially depending on like where their starting weight was the average of everybody taking the 1 milligram dose was about 13 lbs lost and the average weight lost amongst the 2 milligram patients was about 15 lbs now that seems almost insignificant but you have to keep in mind that this is just an average across all people in each group so again the amount of weight that you're likely to lose when taking OIC at any dose really kind of depends on how much weight you could afford to lose in the first place so like the A1C a more meaningful way to look at the weight reduction would to be sort of to think about how many patients on each dose lost at least 5% of their starting body mass so if we look at it from that standpoint a little over 51% of people taking the 1 milligram dose lost at least 5% of their body mass compared to 59% of people taking the 2 milligram dose and that is a notable difference so with that comes two sort of glaring questions that any reasonable critic would need to ask number one is as you raise the dose sure you get more Effectiveness but would you also get more side effects and secondly is that difference between like an average A1C reduction of 1.9% and 2.2% really significant enough to make it worth even bothering at all okay honest question so let's start with the first question it would be a reasonable suspicion to think that doubling the dose would double the side effects right well it turns out that that's not really what happens in the same way that doubling the dose from 1 milligram to 2 Mig doesn't double the effectiveness it's just sort of like this incremental increase it doesn't double the side effects either there was a bit of an increase in nausea and vomiting and diarrhea frequency but it was only a slight increase if you look at the overall side effects in that clinical trial of all the people participating in the study about 52% of people taking the 1 mgram dose reported any sort of side effect at all 57% of people taking the 2 mgram dose reported some sort of side effect so you see that it's only a slight increase in any sort of side effect at all most of the side effects that were reported in both groups were mild or moderate and there was no difference in the percentage of people who had to stop the medication because of those side effects for most people the nausea vomiting or other side effects were manageable and just sort of this temporary nuisance there was no additional hypoglycemia between the two groups groups and there were no additional deaths so our second question is does that higher dose result in an A1C reduction or a weight reduction that's significant enough to make it worth the trouble is there really that big of a difference between an average A1C reduction of 1.9% compared to a 2.2 drop I mean 1.9 versus 2.2 is only a difference of like 0.3 right so is that enough of an A1C reduction to really make it worth the trouble well the answer to that question is yeah when managing type 2 diabetes every bit of A1C reduction matters any Improvement any steps that you can make toward getting you closer to that A1C goal reduces the chance of complications by a lot more than you might realize plus that additional 0.3% reduction again which is just an average is almost the same strength of A1C reduction that we get with some other very very commonly taken diabetes medications for years one of the most commonly prescribed and commonly taken diabetes medications is a pill called Genovia you've probably heard of it the maximum dose of Genovia in clinical trials gave about a 0.7% A1c reduction uh and when you take a placebo Placebo in clinical trials usually result in about 0.3% A1C reduction and part of the reduction that we see in those numbers is that it's just sort of good for people to be involved in clinical trials because they get a lot more care and attention and counseling from their diabetes management team during those frequent visits that are dictated by the clinical trial so that's why you see a reduction with Placebo even though theoretically Placebo shouldn't do anything so that means that the difference in A1C reduction between Placebo and Genovia is only 0.4% so if you're already injecting 1 milligram of OIC once a week going to 2 milligrams gives you about as much additional help as adding a second medication not that we would use OIC and Genovia at the same time they're not really used together but I mean hopefully you're able to see the point that I'm trying to make okay so that's what's new with OIC dose options there are some other updates that are worth talking about with OIC regarding reports about some additional possible benefits from OIC and also some additional possible harm I was originally planning on including them at this point in the video but as I started writing things out I became a little worried that it's going to end up being way too long if I try to cram it all in here so what I think we going to do is make a separate video talking about some recent news stories that you might have read about or seen on TV regarding the FDA updating oics warning label to include reports of a condition called ilas I'll go deeper into what ilas is and what causes it uh but it's sort of getting described as stomach paralysis or intestinal paralysis in most of those new stories um but what I will tell you right now is this the possible side effect is number one really really rare and number two it's nothing new a major part about how gp1 medications work is to slow down how quickly the stomach empties that process usually happens too quickly in patients with diabetes so these medications are designed to try to bring back some of that normal function and yes sometimes they can go too far any good healthc care provider that understands how will zic and and all medications in the glp1 family work knows that and you know this is a possible albeit rare side effect that we should already as prescribers be aware of and it's our responsibility to share that with our patients and decide whether or not OIC is appropriate based on that knowledge that we already had I mean there's no one drug that's right for everyone and there are just some people who OIC shouldn't really be prescribed to also so there's some very wild and interesting details about the lawsuits that you've probably been hearing about that are going to be sort of fun to talk about so I want to give all these details there due time so keep an eye out for a dedicated video on this very topic lastly a clinical trial testing the effective OIC on patients with chronic kidney disease was recently ended early because it showed overwhelming positive benefit to the kidneys in diabetic patients who had previously existing chronic kidney disease when they take OIC that's pretty exciting because while we've seen that benefit in medications in the sglt2 inhibitor family like jardian and farga this is the first glp1 medication that's ever been shown to found to be possibly offering some kidney protection that study is still wrapping up and and they're analyzing the data so it's going to be a little while we don't know exactly when the result are going to be reported and certainly what the exact results are but it was apparently positive enough to where they had to stop early um I will definitely be bringing more to you on that once that date is fully reported all right guys thanks for tuning in to this update on OIC I hope that you found the information helpful and enjoyable if you did please make sure you click the like button subscribe to the channel if you're new and if you hit the Bell you'll be able to find out right away every time I post a new video I'll see you guys again right here on sugar

- What to Know About Ozempic (semaglutide) | Cost, Side Effects, and More: Kind: captions Language: en i'm dr craig primack from scottsdale weight loss center today i'm going to talk to you about ozempic or somagletide so what is ozempic or somaglite ozempic semaglitide is a hormone called glp1 naturally you and i both have glp-1 it comes from our small intestine it goes through the bloodstream to the brain and basically says i'm full it is also working on the insulin system at the same time naturally our hormone only lasts for about two minutes or the half-life is two minutes so as food comes through the stomach and it's in the small intestine it tells the brain i have food here don't send me any more i'm full as the food goes away so quickly does the hormone and therefore we feel hungry again in this new form semaglotide or ozempic the half-life is now a week-long so you dose this drug once a week it decreases appetite for that whole week making us feel less hungry who is semaglotide for who is ozempic for cemagletide and ozempic is currently approved for diabetes and pre-diabetes to decrease our blood sugars and it also helps decrease weight just last month in the new england journal of medicine a study came out at doses up to 2.4 milligrams showing its weight loss effect the world just under 3 000 people studied for about a year and four months it took a couple of months to get up to full dose at the end of the study people on cemacloth lost an average of 14.9 just under 15 percent weight loss and wonderfully a third of them lost over 20 percent weight loss what are the side effects of cemagletide or ozympic the main side effects of ozempic or some are gi in nature it works a little bit as a medicine causing gastroparesis so it slows the emptying of our stomach for some people that will cause a little bit of nausea especially if they overeat or heartburn and with a little bit of acid control or tums occasionally most people have very minor symptoms it also can cause constipation or even the opposite diarrhea with some fiber or stool softeners again it becomes a very minor side effect what is the cost of ozempic or semaglite right now for diabetes and pre-diabetes if you were to purchase this medicine without your insurance it's very expensive it costs 850 or 900 per month our staff has been very adept at prior authorizations for medicines and if it is then covered on your insurance after prior authorization it's probably only 25 or 30 dollars per month when it comes out in the weight loss dosing at 2.4 milligrams we yet don't know what it's going to cost some insurances will cover it and unfortunately also in our country some will not can i take ozempic or some magletite with metformin when ozempic's amagletide first was introduced to the market it was used or is used as a diabetes drug metformin has been a diabetes drug and pre-diabetes drug going back at least 20 years it is the mainstay of treatment for people with pre-diabetes and diabetes we do add ozempic on top of metformin every single day they both are working complementary to decrease blood sugar to decrease the liver output of sugar also as well as help weight loss to summarize ozempic is semaglotine currently approved for diabetes and pre-diabetes at one milligram maximum dose per day but the study just came out at up to 2.4 milligrams showing really robust weight loss here at scottsdale weight loss not only do we use a lot of ozempic so magletide but we also use very aggressive diets as well as exercise counseling and classes when put all together we believe you can lose at least 10 or 15 weight loss just with the drug or even more with an aggressive diet

- WeGovy, Ozempic or Mounjaro? How a new wave of weight loss drugs could transform the diet industry: Kind: captions Language: en Imagine it’s lunchtime and instead&nbsp; of craving this giant bacon double cheeseburger to feel full, all&nbsp;you needed was this little slider. That’s the reality for many patients taking&nbsp; a brand-new kind of obesity treatment. When I took my first dose, the next two days, I felt this satisfied-hunger feeling that&nbsp;I don't think I'd ever felt for years. Wow! Was this how a normal person&nbsp; maybe can feel around food? The secret behind Wegovy and its&nbsp; predecessor Ozempic is an active&nbsp;&nbsp; ingredient called semaglutide, which belongs to&nbsp; a group of drugs called GLP-1 receptor agonists. They work by imitating a naturally occurring gut&nbsp; hormone that helps regulate appetite in the brain. Originally developed to treat diabetes,&nbsp; this class of drugs has taken the&nbsp;pharmaceutical world by storm. They're much more effective&nbsp; than drugs we've had before. They're even more effective than&nbsp; lifestyle modifications on their own. We are getting lots of inquiries,&nbsp; lots of people are desperate to try. Celebrities like Elon Musk and Jeremy Clarkson&nbsp; have helped fuel the excitement, with Hollywood&nbsp;&nbsp; stars and social media influencers touting&nbsp; the effectiveness of these ‘miracle drugs.’ I lost so much weight so fast that I was&nbsp; like, OMG this is magic, this is amazing! I’m going to start Wegovy because I’m a&nbsp;plus-size individual and I don’t want to be plus-size anymore and I want to be healthier. I lost 75lbs in 7 months and I’ve had a&nbsp;lot of people asking me, how did I do it? So, is there a catch? Well, the long-term consequences of these drugs&nbsp; are not yet known. And they’re expensive. Plus, there are concerns about them getting&nbsp; into the wrong hands. But despite these issues,&nbsp;&nbsp; GLP1s could transform the diet market. And experts argue the&nbsp; revolution has only just begun. The latest report by the World Health Organisation showed that obesity has nearly tripled since 1975 and continues to rise. There are more than 1 billion people clinically obese globally, of whom 650 million are adults, 340 million are adolescents and 39 million are children. This is why analysts believe the obesity treatment market could reach more than $50 billion by the end of the decade. Peter Verdult is a&nbsp; pharmaceuticals analyst at Citi. Could you see obesity becoming a $50 billion&nbsp; plus market without making ridiculous assumptions? That is a feasible scenario. These medicines are so powerful they are already&nbsp; displacing traditional weight loss programs. In March 2023, shares in WW International,&nbsp; formerly known as Weight Watchers, surged over 70% in one day after the diet company announced a $132&nbsp;million acquisition of Sequence, a subscription&nbsp;&nbsp; service connecting patients with providers&nbsp; which can prescribe these new weight loss drugs. This relatively new drug class was originally&nbsp; developed by Danish pharmaceuticals giant Novo Nordisk to treat diabetes, and it’s been&nbsp; a monumental achievement in diabetes care. But researchers also noticed that patients&nbsp;&nbsp; taking these drugs were losing&nbsp; significant amounts of weight. GLP-1 is a gut hormone that&nbsp;you and myself produce. And it has multiple effects around the body,&nbsp;&nbsp; So it signals to the pancreas to produce&nbsp; insulin when glucose or blood sugars are high. It sends signals to GLP receptors in certain parts&nbsp;of your brain that almost&nbsp;acts as an appetite suppressant. It slows down the emptying of your stomach,&nbsp; so it makes you feel full, so you eat less. Novo Nordisk originally won approval for Ozempic&nbsp;to treat diabetes, then went back to the regulators&nbsp;with more data and got approval for WeGovy,&nbsp;a higher dosage version, to treat obesity. Studies have shown that patients taking&nbsp; a weekly injection of WeGovy achieved&nbsp;&nbsp; 15% weight loss over a 2-year period&nbsp; compared to just 2.6% with a placebo. U.S. pharma giant Eli Lilly is hoping&nbsp; for even better results with its own&nbsp;&nbsp; version in 2023, sold under the brand Mounjaro. WeGovy really sort of changed the paradigm&nbsp; because this is a high dose GLP-1. It is the same molecule that’s&nbsp; in Novo’s best-selling diabetes&nbsp;product called Ozempic but it is at a higher dose. And this drug really is now really&nbsp; changing the paradigm of obesity treatment. You’re getting 15 to 17 approaching 20%&nbsp;weight loss with a weekly injection. Jackie Bannister has struggled with&nbsp; weight for years, and she isn’t alone. The prevalence of obesity&nbsp; in adults from high-income&nbsp;&nbsp; countries is the highest of any income group. After reading reports about celebrities&nbsp; losing weight with these new drugs,&nbsp;&nbsp; she decided it was worth a shot. I do think a lot of people&nbsp; just will say you're not disciplined enough. Which, you know, fair enough. But when you are genuinely feeling hungry,&nbsp; and that's all your brain can focus on,&nbsp;&nbsp; even though you know you've&nbsp; eaten what should be for the day. Like it's hard to ignore. As with any new drug, patients worry about&nbsp; safety and side effects. Dr. Babak Ashrafi is a general practitioner and clinical lead for service&nbsp;expansion at ZAVA, a digital healthcare service. What about side effects, are&nbsp; there any of concern to you? The main ones with this group of drugs are gut&nbsp; related, and a few sent what we call centrally&nbsp;&nbsp; associated side effects. So, the gut related ones are things like&nbsp; nausea, vomiting, occasional abdominal pain, and the centrally acting side effects&nbsp; are things like headache and fatigue. Some of the rarer ones that we ask people to&nbsp; look out for include things like pancreatitis. But, on the whole, these&nbsp; drugs are relatively safe,&nbsp;&nbsp; they don’t tend interact with a lot of&nbsp; other drugs. And that’s part of the appeal. The GLP 1 drug class has been on the market&nbsp; for 15 years so there is a well-established&nbsp;&nbsp; safety database, so I think it’s&nbsp; a pretty safe drug class for sure. So far, Jackie’s tolerated the injections well. I've had no negative side effects,&nbsp;&nbsp; which was something that really scared me&nbsp; to begin with. It seems to be doing the job. I'm not quite on the full dose&nbsp; yet, that's to come in the future,&nbsp;&nbsp; but so far I seems to be&nbsp; tolerating it really well. So how are social media influencers&nbsp; and celebrities getting their hands on&nbsp;these drugs&nbsp; if they’re intended for those&nbsp; with diabetes or struggling with obesity? The answer lies in a practice&nbsp; called ‘off label’ prescriptions. This is when a drug is used for a&nbsp; medical condition that it is not&nbsp;&nbsp; approved to treat or given in a different&nbsp; way or in a different dose than intended. The practice is commonly used in cancer treatment. Jackie has been taking Ozempic, off-label,&nbsp;&nbsp; as Wegovy was only approved for use in&nbsp; the UK’s free health care system in 2023. I have yo-yo-ed so much. And ever since taking this, I've been consistent. Which has been awesome, mentally and physically. And it's been working. I've lost. I've lost weight. As the drugs become more popular, concerns about&nbsp;off-label prescriptions are on the rise too. Novo, understandably, can’t stop Elon Musk&nbsp; from sending a Tweet out to his followers. It’s out of their control. What they&nbsp; can do is control their sales force to&nbsp;&nbsp; make sure that the messaging is all as per label. And I think it’s worth noting&nbsp; that Novo have yet to actually&nbsp;&nbsp; do any direct-to-consumer advertising in the US. Anyone who brings up TikTok, Instagram and&nbsp; puts WeGovy and sees what’s going on there, I don’t think Novo would condone what’s&nbsp; going on in terms of off-label promotion. I think there's a fine line between prescribing&nbsp; off label and prescribing totally against the&nbsp;&nbsp; advice of the manufacturer and of all the&nbsp; other organizations that create guidelines. I don't think there'll be a huge issue in terms of people taking it outside of the recommended&nbsp; BMI ranges, at least not legitimately. CNBC’s Meg Tirrell asked Novo Nordisk CEO&nbsp; about the ‘off label’ use of its drugs. We’re always concerned about, you&nbsp;know, the safety of our medicines&nbsp;&nbsp; and that’s why we really focus&nbsp; on promoting it the right way,&nbsp;&nbsp; getting it to a physician and describing&nbsp; how our products should be used. There is also one big known catch:&nbsp; if a patient stops taking the drugs,&nbsp;&nbsp; they are likely to regain most of the weight lost. This means a patient might end up injecting&nbsp; for life if they want to keep the weight off. How do you feel about the fact that you know,&nbsp; there's a possibility that if you stop taking&nbsp;&nbsp; the treatment that you might put some of the&nbsp; weight or all of the weight back on? Yeah. Oh, I mean, that scares me, and it’s somewhere&nbsp; I've been as well. I’ve sat here lighter. I think this drug is so new,&nbsp; that perhaps maybe down the line,&nbsp;&nbsp; it might be something where they say it's&nbsp; something you need to take long term. WeGovy can cost over $1,000 a&nbsp; month in the U.S. out of pocket,&nbsp;&nbsp; so affordability is a big barrier for these drugs. Analysts do expect these costs to come down&nbsp; over time as more versions enter the market. If insurers and public health&nbsp; institutions can be convinced that the drugs reduce the risk of long-term&nbsp; weight-related complications like&nbsp;&nbsp; cardiovascular disease, they might&nbsp; be inclined to help foot the bill. There’s a very strong or very&nbsp; important study looking at WeGovy&nbsp;&nbsp; in 17,000 non-diabetics, but obese patients. Its primary aim is to look at the&nbsp; cardiovascular benefit of WeGovy,&nbsp;&nbsp; so does it reduce the number&nbsp; of strokes and heart attacks. Now if that trial is positive, I&nbsp;think that would add fuel to the fire. It also opens the door to what’s&nbsp; going to happen in Medicare. Beyond safety and cost, there is concern that&nbsp; if drugs like these are used by individuals with&nbsp;&nbsp; more modest weight loss goals, it could take the&nbsp; body positivity movement in the wrong direction. The finance community is exuberant&nbsp; about the potential of these drugs. Novo Nordisk’s share price has doubled&nbsp; over the last two years and still,&nbsp;&nbsp; healthcare analysts think it&nbsp; could go higher from here. There’s no reason why the GLP-1 market in&nbsp; diabetes alone couldn’t be worth $40bn+ over time. Then we move to GLP-1 in obesity.&nbsp; Novo is the only show in town today. They generated over $2 billion of sales in 2022. Ultimately, this isn’t just about one company. While Novo Nordisk has been the leader,&nbsp; Eli Lilly, Pfizer and more are all hoping&nbsp;&nbsp; to get a piece of the pie with a whole host&nbsp; of promising obesity drugs in the pipeline. Around the world, it doesn't matter&nbsp; whether it's North America, Europe,&nbsp;&nbsp; Asia, you're seeing phenomenal growth. The current script trends are ridiculous. I absolutely think this is a unique drug&nbsp; class, and that Lilly and Novo will probably&nbsp;&nbsp; have two of the biggest selling drugs that&nbsp; we've ever seen across diabetes, obesity. I’ve never seen anything like&nbsp; this, no, in my 20 years.

- What You Should Know About The 'Miracle' Weight Loss Drug Ozempic: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] mozambic is like the drug that everyone's talking about the hype kind of came when in 2022 you started to see a bunch of celebrities posting a lot of pics where they were looking much Slimmer than usual and this rumor starting to go around online on tick tock on Twitter and then just sort of in Hollywood that there was this injection you could take to just get skinny really fast I'm Mia de Graf I'm a deputy editor for health at Insider ozampic was approved in 2017 to treat diabetes and it was really unique and extremely effective is an injectable drug that mimics a hormone that tells you that you're full as soon as you start eating so you find people having a couple of bites of a bagel and being like Oh I actually don't want any more and that's why you lose weight so ozempic is FDA approved for diabetes Well Govi is FDA approved for weight control and weight loss well Govi is actually the same by and large the manufacturer saw that you have a side effect of weight loss from taking ozempic and they thought hey why don't we look at this as an obesity treatment as well people with obesity were being prescribed for Govi at such high rates because it's so effective it was hard to get hold of so doctors started prescribing ozempic off label and that was therefore the thing that generated hype we heard of the Oscars the joke about everyone being on those MP you look great everybody looks so great when I look around this room I can't help but wonder is ozempic right for me Elon Musk tweeted that he's on wagovy Chelsea Handler said that she's using it it's really expensive which is one of the biggest issues with this trial generally ozempic for about one month supply is around 900 where Govi is about 1 300 Novo Nordisk which is a Danish pharmaceutical company was offering coupons so that could reduce the price of your prescription to about like 25 for a month supply which is great but then when the coupons run out you're suddenly like oh God what am I going to do so you're seeing a lot of people then turning to can I go across the border to Mexico or Canada to get a prescription where it's much cheaper that said there has been an explosion of online pharmacists these very aesthetic very slick websites that invite you to come on there and get a prescription but something that you're seeing reported a lot right now is that there's high demand for azambic from people who maybe don't need it and many people are reporting that they're not being asked for proof of that and they're just getting a prescription for example one of the really interesting things we're seeing is how it affects the pleasure center of the brain so we've spoken to a lot of people who suddenly have lost their appetite not just for like alcohol Coca-Cola bread marshmallows but also watching porn or gambling or compulsive shopping I hear people being like should I take it is it good or bad and my answer invariably is like this is a really heavy duty drug you need to be taking this drug once a week for your life if you want to have lifelong effects of this drug it's not just like a supplement that you pop to slim down it has a ton of side effects which are predictable and manageable but they're not nothing diarrhea constipation vomiting that can be so extensive that you end up in the ER so for people with a complex disease like obesity for someone who's tried so many different things and can't find a treatment to reduce their risk stroke or cardiovascular disease or immobility and things like that these are all worth it but for your average person who isn't struggling with Weight Control who just wants to lose a few pounds or wants to be effortlessly slender I don't know that a lifelong commitment to a drug with some serious side effects or day-to-day side effects is really the one also from the rapid weight loss you might experience things that have colloquially been termed ozampic face and ozempic body by nature of dropping like 40 pounds in eight months you might get a kind of gaunt face or you might get loose skin around your abdomen and your thighs so that's why you see a lot of plastic surgeons talking about treating people who are nosemite in the animal trials there was a risk of developing two quite serious diseases which is pancreatitis and thyroid cancer so that is technically a risk that is labeled on the drug and it's something that people who take this drug should know about every Pharmaceutical company worth its salt is trying to get in on this and it's it's an industry that's shaping up to be worth a hundred billion dollars but coming down the pike we have a bunch of very similar drugs that look like they're going to be way more effective way more popular they're completely revolutionizing the pharmaceutical industry so the next big one that we're seeing is Manjaro which is a drug from Eli Lilly that's the one that Rosie O'Donnell is taking the FDA has given Eli Lilly Fast Track approvals but then there's another one that doesn't have a name yet also from Eli Lilly which is using a drug called retitide people are saying that this is just going to be an absolute Blockbuster drug so it may be you know right now as mpic as the drug we're all talking about but in a year's time everyone might be like what a zenpick do you remember that there's going to be a whole other drug that's taking over the market soon thank you

- Diabetes Drug Ozempic Trends On TikTok As Weight-Loss Drug: Kind: captions Language: en PROBLEMS FOR DIABETICS WHO ARE NOW STRUGGLING TO GET THE PRESCRIPTIONS. THESE DAYS IT'S THE TALK OF TIKTOK. >> I JUST START DROPPING POUNDS LEFT AND RIGHT. >> Reporter: THE TOPIC OZEMPIC HAS OVER 300 MILLION VIEWS. >> BEING ON THIS MEDICATION HAS HELPED WITH MY HEALTH. >> Reporter: SCORES OF USERS CREDITING THEIR WEIGHT LOSS SUCCESS, OZEMPIC IS A DRUG YOU INJECT MEANT TO IMPROVE BLOOD SUGAR AND HELP MANAGE TYPE 2 DIABETES. ONE OF THE SIDE EFFECTS IS WEIGHT LOSS, MANY ARE USING IT OFF LABEL, A TREND THAT MAY HAVE STARTED IN HOLLYWOOD. ANDY COHEN EVEN RECENTLY TWEETING, EVERYONE IS SUDDENLY SHOWING UP 25 POUNDS LIGHTER? WHAT HAPPENS WHEN THEY STOP TAKING OZEMPIC? SINCE OZEMPIC'S GONE VIRAL ON SOCIAL MEDIA, SOME DOCTORS SAY THEY HAVE BEEN FLOODED WITH INQUIRIES. >> IT'S BECOME SOMETHING VERY HOT AND HEAVY IN LOS ANGELES, BAILIFFS. >> Reporter: OZEMPIC'S ACTIVE INGREDIENT WORKS BY MAKING YOU FEEL FULL LONGER. DOCTORS SAY IT'S SIMILAR TO, WHICH HAS BEEN APPROVED BY THE FDA AND IS PRODUCED BY THE SAME MANUFACTURER. WHEN WE ASKED THE COMPANY ABOUT PEOPLE USING OZEMPIC TO LOSE WEIGHT, IT RESPONDED IN A STATEMENT, WE DO NOT PROMOTE, SUGGEST OR ENCOURAGE OFF-LABEL USE OF OUR MEDICINES. THE COMPANY ADDING, OZEMPIC AND WOGOVI ARE NOT INTERCHANGEABLE. THE FDA SAYS HEALTH CARE PROFESSIONALS CAN PRESCRIBE DRUGS OFF LABEL WHEN MEDICALLY APPROPRIATE. ANNA McKENNA HAS DOCUMENTED HER 45-POUND WEIGHT LOSS JOURNEY WITH OZEMPIC ON YOUTUBE. >> INTERESTINGLY, IT HAS BEEN MY EASIEST WEIGHT LOSS ATTEMPT AND MY MOST SUCCESSFUL. >> Reporter: SHE AGREES THAT OZEMPIC ISN'T A MAGIC PILL, ADDING HER SIDE EFFECTS INCLUDED HEADACHES AND FATIGUE. A PRICE SOME MAY BE WILLING TO PAY FOR WEIGHT LOSS. AND SPEAKING OF PRICE, ACCORDING TO THE DRUGMAKER'S WEBSITE, OZEMPIC CAN COST ABOUT $900 A MONTH. THAT WOULDN'T BE COVERED BY INSURANCE IF YOU'RE USING IT FOR OFF-LABEL USES. THE COMPANY ALSO ADMITS THAT BECAUSE OF THE DEMAND AND SUPPLY CHAIN ISSUES, THEY ARE HAVING TROUBLE IN SOME CASES AND SOME DIABETES HAVE NOT BEEN ABLE TO GET THOSE PRESCRIPTIONS. GUYS. >> ALL RIGHT. THANK YOU. >> JOINING US WITH MORE INSIGHT, DR. NATALIE AZAR. GOOD MORNING. SO A LOT OF PEOPLE TALKING ABOUT IT ON SOCIAL MEDIA. IS IT SAFE? IS THERE ANY DOWNSIDE ASSUMING YOU CAN AFFORD IT TO TAKING SOMETHING LIKE THIS? >> LET'S JUST SET THE FRAMEWORK AGAIN OFF OF KRISTEN'S PIECE. THIS IS FOR TYPE TWO DIABETES, IT REGULATES GLAD SUGAR AND TARGETS THAT AREA IN THE BRAIN THAT SENDS THE SIGNAL OF FEELING FULL EARLY. IT'S HELPFUL FOR WEIGHT LOSS AND TYPE 2 DIABETES IT CAN REDUCE THE RISK OF CARDIOVASCULAR EVENTS. IT'S EXPENSIVE, $900 A MONTH. YOU WOULD NEED TO TAKE THE MEDICINE INDEFINITELY. ONCE YOU STOP IT, YOU THEORETICALLY CAN REGAIN ALL OF THAT WEIGHT. THAT'S KEY. YOU MENTIONED SIDE EFFECTS. THERE ARE SIDE EFFECTS THAT CAN BE ASSOCIATED WITH IT, INCLUDING NAUSEA, VOMITING AND PANCREATITIS, ACUTE KIDNEY INJURY, GALLBLADDER PROBLEMS. >> IF YOU HAD A FRIEND WHO SAID I'M THINKING ABOUT USING THIS, I WANT TO DROP 25 POUNDS, DO YOU THINK IT'S SAFE ENOUGH TO SAY IT'S NOT GOING TO HARM YOU, DO IT? >> HERE IS THE THING. IT CAN POTENTIALLY HARM YOU, RIGHT? AND THIS GETS INTO THE WHOLE TOPIC OF USING A DRUG OFF LABEL. THE FDA STUDIED THIS DRUG AND ITS SISTER DRUG, THE SAME, YOU KNOW, ACTIVE INGREDIENT BUT IT IS MARKETED ACTUALLY FOR WEIGHT LOSS FOR PEOPLE WHO ARE OBESE OR OVERWEIGHT WHO HAVE ONE HEALTH RELATED CONDITION LIKE HYPERTENSION OR HIGH CHOLESTEROL. THE FDA STUDIES THE DRUG IN THAT POPULATION. THE FDA HASN'T STUDDED THE DRUG IN PEOPLE WHO AREN'T DIABETIC OR OVERWEIGHT. >> IS IT THE NOTION THAT WHATEVER RISKS THAT YOU MENTIONED ARE OUTWEIGHED BY THE RISK OF OBESITY AND THOSE HEALTH ISSUES? >> EXACTLY. ANY TIME, YOU KNOW, THE BIG ISSUE IS HOW ARE FOLKS GETTING THIS DRUG, RIGHT?E BET OR OBESE HOW ARE YOU GETTING IT? >> HOW ARE THEY? >> THERE IS WEBSITES AND, YOU KNOW -- >> YEAH, PLACES. >> SOME PEOPLE ARE OBTAINING PRESCRIPTIONS INAPPROPRIATELY. ANY TIME YOU PRESCRIBE -- AND WE DO THIS. I DO THIS IN RHEUMATOLOGY. WE PRESCRIBE MEDICATIONS OFF LABEL BUT THERE HAS TO BE SHARED DECISION-MAKING AND THE PATIENT, YOU KNOW, HAS TO UNDERSTAND THAT POTENTIAL RISKS CAN HAPPEN. >> I THINK YOUR POINT ABOUT HOW IT ONLY LASTS FOR AS LONG AS YOU TAKE IT -- >> IT'S KIND OF A BIG THING. ONCE YOU STOP IT, YOU PUT THE WEIGHT BACK ON? >> POTENTIALLY, AND EXPERTS SAY YOU COULD GAIN EVEN MORE BECAUSE, REMEMBER, IT'S REGULATING INSULIN SECRETION AND AFFECTING HORMONES. IT'S NOT GOING TO RESET YOU FOR LIFE. AND REMEMBER, WITH OZEMPIC I THINK THE AVERAGE WEIGHT LOSS WAS 14 POUNDS. THE OTHER IS 15% OF YOUR BODY WEIGHT. FOR PEOPLE WHO NEED THIS MEDICALLY MANAGED WEIGHT LOSS, IT IS A WONDERFUL TOOL, BUT THE SHORTAGES ARE REAL. PARTIALLY SUPPLIED. HOW MUCH OF THIS IS PLAYING INTO THE FDA HAS BOTH OF THEM O

- Ozempic warning: Experts warn of side effects from weight loss drug | USA TODAY: Kind: captions Language: en when medication was initially uh studied what they found is that these patients were losing like a significant amount of weight when they found that out they they got approval from the FDA to use it as a weight loss [Music] medication it's not something that you should be on for a lifetime just think of it as something to help you jump start your weight loss journey and just keep in mind that ultimately it's going to take some effort from you and that includes some lifestyle modifications what you eat and then exercise do your research um find out about the medication uh make sure that you're going to a qualified individual or or medical care professional and then make sure you just following the instruction

- Ozempic 6 month update - everything to know from a patient on weight loss, nausea, dosage, diabetes: Kind: captions Language: en hey guys mila clark buckley the hangry woman here and today i'm giving you a highly anticipated video which is my six month ozympic update y'all have been asking me a ton of questions about ozempic and me taking it since i posted a video about four months ago at my two month update i didn't think that that video was going to help anybody really i just wanted to talk about my time on olympic because i couldn't really find anybody else sharing what they had been going through and turns out that a lot of y'all wanted to know a lot of things so i think that's how a lot of you guys are here and hopefully you're really excited for this update just as excited as i am because i have made some major strides in my health overall just by taking ozempic before we get started please do be sure to like this video and subscribe i wish that everybody who had watched that first video had also subscribed because we'd be this like huge community of people with diabetes and i think there needs to be more of that so please please please do subscribe if you like videos like this if you like cooking videos if you want to learn more about what life with diabetes is like i would love to have you on board and just in my circle and in my community okay with that let's get started so i started taking ozempic in november of 2020. if you recall i will leave a video link to that video so you can go back and watch my two month update and see where i was it has been a really interesting time for me with ozempic to kind of establish a baseline if you've never watched one of my videos before i have a type of diabetes called type 1.5 or latent autoimmune diabetes in adults this happens when you have antibodies for type 1 diabetes but you still have insulin production like someone with type 2 so my body still makes low levels of insulin but i also have the antibodies that over time show that my beta cells are being attacked and i will lose insulin function at some point in my life we don't know when we don't know where but right now my treatment style is like right in between type 1 and type so i am insulin dependent and i do take long-acting insulin but because i make my own insulin still i'm able to take glp-1 class medications lycozempic to help use the insulin that i already make more efficiently so that's why i'm monozympic my doctor wanted to start that as a treatment option first before making me do bolus injections um we've gone kind of like back and forth about it and this seemed like the best option for now so ozempic kind of regulates my blood sugars at meal time without me having to do multiple injections per day if you've never taken ozempic before it's a once weekly injection so you literally pick your day of the week that you take it you take it on that day once a week and then you go on about your business and in the background it's kind of regulating your insulin function well i won't go into this whole thing because i have already talked about this so go back and watch my my last video about ozempega kind of explain how olympic works in the first place but i just want to get to all the questions that i got at my six month update and then update you guys about where i am and what my stats are after six months of taking ozempic my a1c went from ten percent down to seven percent and that is a huge improvement in six months i will say that it's not the ozempic alone to be quite honest i've also been exercising quite a bit i've been like very motivated to do that to help keep my blood sugars regulated as well as just overall like i don't think i'm really eating better to be honest like i still am like indulging in foods that i like i still eat sweets i still eat fruit i still eat burgers like i still kind of do all that stuff so to i think the exercising is helping to offset it but it's like really great to see that improvement of a 10 a1c down to six or sorry seven percent in six months that's a really really huge improvement so i'm very proud of that i'm really excited about that and i think that that is something that i can keep up i didn't feel like i was having to necessarily like i don't know i talked about in the past how i had to i felt like i had to like exert myself so much just to get a good result and i feel like i'm getting this good result without trying that hard and that's very different for me and pretty exciting because diabetes is on my mind like 24 7 365 there are no breaks there's no getting away from it but for the first time i feel some ease like i feel like my body is helping to handle my insulin production in the background and so i'm not having to really like think about having to like bolus or thinking about how much long-acting insulin i have to take or doing all these calculations like i can honestly just look at the amount of carbs in something and then i don't have to calculate in my brain which i kind of appreciate i feel like it takes a little bit of the weight off of me and then speaking of weight um ginger asked and i'll call out your a lot of you asked me questions so i'll call out your names and your questions as we go through it but ginger had asked how much weight had i lost and so in six months i have lost 29 pounds i started at 219 when i started taking ozempic and literally it feels like the weight has just fallen off and like i said like i am working hard in terms of exercise but i used to exercise like twice a day for ever and the weight would not come off and it was just so hard for me to lose weight especially with pcos as well so it's really cool to actually like be putting in the work and then seeing it actually work out um i'll insert a little before and after the picture that i'm inserting one is when i first started ozempic and the second is today i'm wearing the exact same shirt which is really awesome and like really cool to see my hair is obviously different but i just man it is it's just so cool to see that like i've put in the work and then ozempic has also helped with that weight loss especially because i can't eat as much as i used to be able to eat because ozempic makes you full pretty fast side note ozempic makes you fool fast by slowing the digestion of your food into your system so that helps with blood sugar regulation as well as fullness so i get full after like two or three bites or something and i'm done um so it's really cool to like just see that it's working overall and i i am very proud of that progress and so excited to see how much further it goes like when i do you know an eight month update or a year update on ozempic sorry if i say your name wrong kari asked what dose i'm on so i started at the .25 dose i took that dose for about three months because every time i tried to increase to the 0.5 milligram dose it just didn't agree with me and my doctor said that i could scale it back down if i tried it and it didn't work so i kind of went back and forth for a while i finally got brave enough to try it again because i was like okay maybe i'm used to it and i'm not going to have the nausea and at about the three month mark of i went full time to the 0.5 milligram dose so that's what i'm on right now we're not increasing you can go up to one milligram and currently we're not increasing i when i first started olympic had heart palpitations very shortly after i started and my doctor kind of like scoured the literature of the medication heart palpitations is not a symptom of ozempic typically so he was concerned that my heart palpitations kind of started like at the onset of taking ozempic and so right now he's just monitoring at the 0.5 dose to see if you know anything gets better if my heart rate normalizes i saw a cardiologist for this issue and had an echo that echo did not return anything abnormal my heart function was fine it didn't look like anything was wrong so we have no idea why i'm having this rapid heart rate um and the tachycardia so we're kind of at a standstill right now so i'll be taking the 0.5 dose for the foreseeable future until my heart function seems to kind of like regulate itself and then we may move up to the one milligram or we may add short acting insulin just kind of depending on where i am but it's an interesting kind of limbo and i'm curious if that has happened to any of you guys taking ozempic that was something that was weird to me it was literally like the week i started taking ozempic i started having like crazy heart palpitations and we don't know why so we don't think it's related to ozempic like i said it's not a symptom that's reported and it could just be me it could be anxiety is what the cardiologist said but that's all we know kay asked if ozempic has helped with fluctuations in blood sugar and absolutely it has i find it works best at my meal times so what i am seeing now is that my blood sugars don't go nearly as high after i eat something super carby and it's actually like regulating back down to that like pre-meal spike level after i spike post meal so i reset my ranges to be anywhere from 70 to 170 and you can typically after meal you can have a spike of up to 180 but i wanted to kind of like shorten my range a little bit give myself a tighter range to work with and so i'm not seeing myself spike beyond 170 anymore after meals and then immediately like you know i have that two hour heightened spike and then i'm coming right back down and going back down to normal and so i'm seeing better ranges with my blood sugar which is excellent and i've obviously noticed that in my a1c so i'm getting a good average blood sugar and i'm having like good fluctuations i would like for my ranges to be lower i would love for my a1c to be in the sixes even the fives if i could get it there but that is a lot of hard work and i just am not willing to give up burgers so i love burgers um and french fries i know they're not the best but i do love them um so you know i i think that i could get there with some harder work or like daily exercise instead of like every other day exercise but i think we'll figure it out as we go and you know i don't want to eliminate things like fruit from my diet or tortillas or burgers or bread like those are all things that i still want to eat and i want to have in my diet um and obviously like i'm eating healthy things along with that but it would be nice to like not have to eliminate those totally if i could get my a1c to balance back out i think something also important to note is that i also did a full panel of metabolic labs and all of those came back normal cholesterol was normal triglycerides were normal kidney and liver function were normal i my vitamin d deficiency corrected itself because i did have a deficiency prior like in my prior labs that i started taking multivitamin now i'm fine so i think that all of those things are also really important to note is that my health overall is really great and that's aside from my blood sugars and that is really important for people with diabetes we're at further risk for all kinds of things when our blood sugars aren't stabilized and so it's good to know that at least my overall health is really good and then now i can really focus in on those blood and make sure to get my tighter ranges and make sure that i get them in a better place so that makes me really happy because that's like one less thing off my shoulders and one less thing to worry about and it just it's like such a breath of fresh air to know that like it was so cool to hear him say like you know overall you are extremely healthy you know but we could work more on those blood sugars to get them in better ranges and i was just like i never thought i would hear that because every time i would go to the doctor it was like my cholesterol was blown out of the water i had like protein in my urine like it was just like when is this ever gonna end and now i'm finally in this place of stability and now i can really work on my blood sugar tiana asked did you notice any issues with constipation or diarrhea with nausea or constipation and the answer is yes and yes and yes and yes i noticed a lot of nausea when i increased my dose to 0.5 the first few times and so that's why i kept going back down to the 0.25 dose because i just couldn't handle it like i wanted to take it but i could not stomach it i couldn't handle it i do have a video on nausea remedies that are kind of natural that you can watch if you're taking like ozempic or metformin those medications that really do make you very sick on the onset of taking them watch that video there's like a ton of advice that i have in there about different remedies that have worked for me and they're all natural so that's also really good but i just it was really bad it made me not want to take the medication and i will say like it's probably the first four or five days that you feel that way like and it feels like it's not going to end it feels like it's not going to go away but literally after that it's nothing like you inject it you feel nothing you don't have any of that nausea or constipation some people get diarrhea like all of that goes away so i think it just takes time for your body to get used to the medication if those natural remedies don't work for you and if you are still experiencing those after the first week talk to your doctor because they can give you medications that will help with the nausea and kind of like get it to go into the background and hopefully that becomes helpful because i think a lot of people experience it that's one of the most common comments that i got on my first video about the two-month update of ozempic was everybody almost everybody said like i feel so sick on this medication i have like sulfur burps and i have to poop all the time and my stomach hurts and i feel nauseous after i eat and ozempic will make you nauseous after you eat if you overeat because like it's like painful it's like because your food is digesting so slowly if there's that backup like you get like stomach cramps and it just hurts and you feel like you want to throw up like it's really bad it's trying to regulate you to eat smaller portions but i mean otherwise like once you get used to it once your body kind of adapts to the medication being in your system you're fine like you don't really feel anything else and for me like i said it was about four to five days of that nausea that i just had to get used to and i kept kind of like chickening out and going back to the 0.25 does because i was like i don't want to feel like this but now i'm on the 0.5 dose like i said and it's steady and it's fine and the like third time that i tried to go up to 0.5 that was kind of when it stuck for me and it you know didn't give me any nausea or any constipation or like any feelings of like like wanting to throw up so i would say hang in there and keep trying because that part is the part that sucks the most but then you get all these benefits from it which are so awesome benada asked about having like sweet cravings and they said that they didn't get nauseo which is awesome because a lot of people do but they have like sweet cravings i definitely don't like i feel like ozempic has made me not crave food that much anymore i just like i'm rarely hungry which is very weird to say and i just kind of have to like time my meals and eat when i know i'm supposed to eat and eat because i know i'm supposed to and not necessarily because i'm like i'm starving i need to eat right now or i'm like super hungry and that has been a very weird feeling for me because i feel like my brain used to think about food like 24 7 especially with taking insulin like insulin makes you so hungry it makes you want to eat so much and it makes you gain weight and so i you know feel like i'm getting the double benefit of having to take insulin which is also helping my blood sugar i take tracebo which is a long-acting insulin in your body you take it once a day most people do and um that's your whole dose for 24 hours and then you just take it again after 24 hours and like getting on insulin i was like starving all the time and always wanting to eat something and now that like extra benefit of ozempic is like i get the good blood sugars with traceba plus the blood sugar benefits that ozempic gives me but also not the hunger it like cancels out the hunger that i used to have with taking insulin so it's it's an interesting benefit but i don't feel like i get sweet cravings i don't feel like i get cravings at all like i just kind of know it's time to eat because i'm supposed to and then i do i like i said still love my food y'all know i'm always cooking something i'm always like doing something i don't know with my food but i definitely definitely feel like it has canceled out that crate like all the cravings and the hunger that i used to have all the time and like i said it's a weird feeling i have always felt hungry all the time and then now it's like i i have to like i don't want to say force myself to eat but i do have to like convince myself like okay you should actually eat something which like i said is just like a totally mind-blowing thing for me it's like super weird honestly for me i feel like i will take ozempic for the rest of my life if i have to because it is low lift in terms of my diabetes routine so being a once weekly injection i don't have to remember to do it every day i put it on my calendar for my weekly injection and then i just do it and i don't have to think about it i love that it regulates my blood sugars at meal time so i don't have to take a short acting insulin to do that i love the weight loss benefits of it it has been helping me so much to be able to lose weight i just overall am like really happy that this medication exists and that my doctor gave it to me as an option to try and that it's actually working for me i will say the nausea sucks at first but after about three months i didn't experience nausea anymore and it was really easy to get by and get through my day and also i just feel like it's like a wonder drug it's one of those medications that is just like i can't believe that it exists it's kind of amazing what i have heard is that sometime later this year ozempic is also going to be utilized and approved for obesity and for use in treating obesity which i think will be awesome for people who really want to lose weight i think the downside as we all know is that ozempic is so expensive so even on like the 0.5 dose my my retail price of osempik is like and i don't pay 900 i have insurance but i just thought to myself if i ever lost my insurance one day i would be so upset because 900 is like not something that i could pay every month to have this medication there are coupons out there there is a patient assistance program those options are there but they're limited and they don't always i don't want to say they don't always help but they don't always help everyone and that is kind of sad because i feel like people who would want access to this medication should have access to it and it's so far out of reach for so many people because it's so expensive so that's the one downside but i will put links in the description to and like how you can get it for cheaper you should not have to pay like so much money to be able to get this medication and then also i just hope you guys liked this update if you have any more questions please feel free to ask them but i took the most common questions that i got and distilled it down i know you guys wanted to hear about my a1c about my weight loss about um just like overall like being nauseous and i will say like that is the worst part but once you get past it like you get the best benefits that you could get that you're looking for so it's definitely something to ask your doctor about it's if it's not hard to take the injection i also have a video on that in case you're curious about how to actually inject it because it's a tiny little needle it doesn't even hurt you don't even feel it going in like it's nothing and you only have to do it once a week so those are all i think great benefits of it and medications like it all right if you made it to the end bless you thank you for listening to me talk for these 20 some odd minutes about this medication if you like this video be sure to give it a thumbs up and subscribe share it with somebody who you think might want to know about and please do in the comments tell me about your experience with ozempic i want to know the good bad the ugly how you've felt on it what it's done for you i think it's really encouraging for other people to see those messages in the comments section when it comes to deciding if this is something for them or not and your input is always just so helpful and so wonderful and i love seeing your stories and your comments so do leave those down below and i appreciate you guys watching so much i hope you enjoyed this update and i will see you guys in the next one take care bye you

- Weight loss patients eagerly await Ozempic, Mounjaro FDA update | Nightline: Kind: captions Language: en so these are my jeans from when I first started my goodness that's crazy such a difference Caitlin Wade I'm following you a 30 year old Utah mom hasn't felt this good in decades I'm super proud of just all my progress so you guys tell me what you think you can go ahead and um write in the comments your opinion of it she's one of thousands of Americans whose lives have been transformed after taking a new class of injectable drugs like munjaro and ozempic I started it September 1st of 22 so I've been on it I think it's been almost seven months now I'm on my 36th week of the shot and it's just been amazing my doctor was like you are a whole different person since starting moonjaro in September 2022 I'm so proud of myself Caitlyn's life has changed and I thought I'd give you guys a 360 view since it's been a while she's since lost over 80 pounds documenting her journey on social media there's another beautiful dress from them do you think we like the first one or this one munjaro nozempic work by mimicking a hormone in the body that makes you feel full patients are so excited they say I don't know what I would do without it last week Eli Lilly the company that makes mundaro release the results of a large-scale stage 3 study it says shows a nearly 60 18 weight loss over a nearly 17-month period among people who have type 2 diabetes and obesity how significant is that can you put in a perspective it's incredibly significant in other weight loss medications weight loss was three to eight percent maybe for patients but the percentage number is 15.7 percent on the highest dose seen in a phase three trial for diabetes has just not been shown before the company released the data as part of its weight loss approval request to the FDA potentially opening the door for patients to have the drug covered by insurance munjaro is currently only approved to treat type 2 diabetes but the pharmaceutical company says the FDA could decide whether to approve the active ingredient in munjaro for weight loss as early as late 2023 [Music] Beautiful People Caitlyn got lucky when Eli Lilly offered a temporary coupon for moonjaro currently paying only 125 dollars per month but it expires at the end of June whether she can get insurance to cover the drug may depend on whether the FDA approves it for weight loss I'm hoping that it will get approved so that for the next year I won't have to worry about it and my insurance will cover it but it's very expensive out of pocket it's around 900 to 1400 a month and I don't know about you guys but I I don't it's a lot of money and your health is worth it but it's just it's the fact that um these things that should prevent other health issues from happening should be affordable for people to have what they mean while ozembic and munjaro can be really effective for folks who are obese doctors generally don't recommend using them just to shed a few pounds the long-term side effects aren't really clear yet the ozempic ads mention a few risks serious side effects may include pancreatitis gallbladder problems may occur no long-term Studies have been done but doctors see these medications as a potential Game Changer why do you think these drugs are so in demand right now they work they work remarkably well and they work in a wide variety of patients the drugs so popular there was a nationwide shortage frustrating some people with diabetes who couldn't get their medication now the drugs are largely back in stock whether it's moonjaro what if my type 2 diabetes takes over what if all I do isn't enough ozempic or similar drug will Govi it seems like the pounds are coming off everywhere you look Jimmy Kimmel joked at this year's Oscars everybody looks so great when I look around this room I can't help but wonder is ozempic right for me and Andy Cohen quizzed Real Housewives of New Jersey star Dolores cantonia on a recent Watch What Happens Live you want to accept my God what housewife isn't on ozone not one yeah half your cast I know yeah I wasn't going to come to reunion looking any bigger than anyone else more than 40 of the U.S population is obese putting tens of millions of Americans at risk of heart disease stroke type 2 diabetes and certain types of cancers and even death while Hollywood may be raving about it rapid weight loss for any reason can lead to saggy skin Dr Ariel Orion is a plastic surgeon in Beverly Hills he's used to doing nips and talks on patients who are looking for the perfect bikini body patients start to lose a lot of weight rapidly and that can often show quickly in the face so it's not something new but a lot of people are associating that with ozempic but these days he's getting new requests from his patients who are on munjaro and ozempic asking him to fix what some call ozempic face I can inject fat into the upper cheek area into the under eyes into the lips but I can't inject fillers or fat sometimes into the lower cheek area sometimes those patients are going to need a facelift where I can go in lift the face excise the extra skin and then inject fat in the deeper layers called a lift and fill facelift he's also seeing patients with so-called ozempic body ozepic body is a real phenomenon patients are losing weight very quickly and they're losing volume in their breasts in their abdomen in their buttocks and what that leads to is loose skin and that's a hard thing to fix unless we surgically excise that loose skin whether that's through a tummy tuck whether that's through a breast lift with an implant so these are Caitlyn's had her share of loose skin but she says it's a small price to pay bear with me as I'm just trying to share my journey on how I can be better I'll be posting updates as well in the next couple hours on my first day hey guys so good to see you a little try on with you guys earlier this year we met Caitlin for the first time she had been on moonjara for five months and had already lost 50 pounds let's see if I can roll this up to really give you guys the view but look you guys like I can fit my whole hand down there wow I wore these at the beginning of my journey size 30 I'm now in a size 24. so I'm gonna do a quick um live weighing with you guys just to check check my progress and see how I'm doing at our heaviest she says she was originally 403 pounds it was honestly probably one of the deepest darkest parts of my life just not feeling like you could be yourself and live the way you want to that's not a lie for anybody her life she says had become unmanageable I'd have moments where I'd sit and cried because it's hard it's like it feels like a drug like you you just find yourself doing it and it's hard to stop Caitlyn had been told by a doctor that she was pre-diabetic by September of 2022 she was ready to make a big change I was on Tick Tock and I found a creator that had said she was using this medication and it was helping her binge eating and she was 30 days binge free and I was like wow like could that be for me if you haven't seen me yet I'm on my day one of my um Manjaro Journey yeah and I think it went in seven months later Caitlyn says her life has been turned around by munjaro she's hoping she can keep losing weight staying confident in her own skin just recently we went to the park and I was like you know what I think I can fit on both of those and I was like do you want to go on the side with Mommy and he's like yeah I do and so we went down the slide and my mom recorded it and it just like I got in the car and leaving and it just was I like I didn't cry but it just like my heart swelled because I was just so proud of myself hi everyone George Stephanopoulos here thanks for checking out the ABC News YouTube channel if you'd like to get more videos show highlights and watch live event coverage click on the right over here to subscribe to our Channel and don't forget to download the ABC News app for breaking news alerts thanks for watching

- How to use Ozempic (Semaglutide) pen for Diabetes? Dr. Nikhil Gupta MD: Kind: captions Language: en hi i'm dr nikhil gupta i'm a diabetes and endocrinology specialist at the canmed multi-specialty and weight management clinics in the toronto area in canada today we are going to talk about how to use the ozampic pen ozempic is also known as cemaglutite it is a medicine that is used for treatment of diabetes it is not an insulin before you use this medicine please make sure that you have discussed the benefits and side effects with your doctor or healthcare professional and this medicine has been prescribed to you by a healthcare professional so moving on to the medication it is called ozempic as we discussed and it comes in a box like this and it also comes with a box of needles that are used to inject the medicine uh into our body so to use the pen the pen already comes pre-filled with the medicine which is a clear liquid which we have to make sure that it is clear before we use it and it is used along with the needle so here is how we use the pen so we remove this plastic wrap from behind the needle and we screw the needle onto the pen like this after that we take the big cap out and we also take the smaller cap out the big cap we will use later to remove the needle from the pen after we have injected the medication so how does the dosing work this pen has 0.25 milligram or 0.5 milligram dose delivery options there's another pen which comes which delivers one milligram which is a higher dose so in the beginning your doctor might tell you to deliver a lower dose so we are going to talk about that so when we use a new pen out of the box then for the first time we have to use what we call is priming the pen so we have to go to this marker here which has two dots and we have to make sure that we push it out and we see a drop in in the pen to make sure that the the pen and the medication and the needle are communicating and the pen is working we do not have to do this step at subsequent injections with the same pen we always do it for the first time now to deliver the actual dose we go again we look at the doors window here and we go to the first usually the first lowest stores which is 0.25 milligrams we dial that we already have our needle in place and what we do is we usually inject it in our belly in our abdomen and it has to be at least two finger bridges away from the belly button it could be more as well so it has to be at least one inch away from the belly button to the sides of the abdomen and then what we do is we do not have to pinch the skin of the belly we go straight in like this 90 degrees we press the injector and then hold for five seconds and remove the medication and the pen so it is a very straightforward simple process and the dosing works usually the way the dosing works is that in the first four weeks you use the of 0.25 milligram once a week remember this pen this dose is usually used once a week not more frequently than that so you have to set up a reminder to use it on a certain day of the week it can be with or without a meal and after four weeks if your doctor has recommended then you might be asked to increase the dose to 0.5 milligram once a week however this depends on the discretion of your health care provider so after we are done with the injection we have to use the big cap we put it on the pen push it all the way in and unscrew it so that the needle and the cap come out and this has to be disposed into a sharps container not the regular garbage so we keep that away safely and we close the pen which can be stored at room temperature for up to eight weeks so that was how to use an ozempic pen for management of diabetes thank you

- Semaglutide Weight Loss Drugs Pros & Cons (Ozempic vs. Wegovy) | Cabral Concept 2623: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] welcome back to the show here on our wellness and weight loss Wednesday we're going to be exploring the topic you may have already started hearing about it about specific glp-1 drugs these are Pharmaceuticals that are used typically in type 2 diabetes now being used for weight loss and you'd be shocked at how many people are not qualifying for the drug meaning their BMI or having type 2 diabetes yet they are still being prescribed to it by their doctor what I want to share with you are the actual results that people are getting from an unbiased perspective but also share with you some of the side effects that your doctor may never share with you because they probably do not know they haven't looked into some of these specific cases so let's dive right into it right now there is a class of drugs using something called semiglutide now people are just referring to this as they're taking some glutide but they're typically not they're taking a specific brand of a drug that uses a specific dosage of semiglutide that we'll get into one is used with type 2 diabetes and another is used with obesity or just for general population they're using it for weight loss so this is a class of drug that I described before as a uh incratin or it's it's basically an insulin a memetic so what it does is it tells your body to produce more or the proper amount of insulin from the pancreas in order to be able to get and shuttle sugar glucose out of the bloodstream and into either muscles the liver or fat stores and what it can do then is it can better regulate your blood sugar help with overall inflammation and as a secondary it can act as an appetite suppressant typically at a little bit of a higher dose so um what it also does at the end what we want to look at this is a specific a class of drugs called glp-1 receptor agonists or glucagon like peptide 1 receptor Agonist and what that means is that glucagon so glucagon is typically being used to help balance overall blood sugar we stare we store glycogen from excess glucose in the body it can also be through other factors as well but basically you can use fatty acids you can use amino acids but what we do in the body is we take any excess energy meaning glucose from the bloodstream and if it's not needed because you're not in a fight or flight response or you're not in a sporting event or you're not an activity it will say okay we're going to store the excess sugar that's your glucose right inside of the liver cells inside of the muscle cells or inside of the body fat right and so the more excess energy you have and again calories in General it can be stored as body fat so what this drug does is it helps to shuttle it to the earrings that are needed so the glucose isn't always in the bloodstream that enables you to actually burn more body fat because blood sugar levels aren't elevated and it also helps secondarily with blood pressure and cardiovascular issues with high cholesterol and that's actually another kind of off Market used for this drug as well that doctors will prescribe it for because if you can balance out blood sugar levels you help with all metabolic forms of disease your blood pressure issues your cardiovascular issues and your type 2 diabetic based issues so the drug has actually been around for a fair amount of time I well I don't want to guess at it but it's been around for years now years and years and so it is just now for the very first time being marketed as a brain an appetite-based suppressant to help with weight loss as well as bouncing blood sugar so if this isn't injectable typically it's in a pen you're going to inject it in your stomach or your thigh or again wherever your doctor gives you that recommendation I just want to share with you of course I'm not here to provide you with any medical advice medical treatment plans medical diagnosis or any of the medical based advice but I want to share with you before I get into this study because I'm actually going to share with you this study the dosage that were used the results where people were getting I want you to always remember that you can you can never get right something for nothing and so there are potential risks now I'm a natural health practitioner I'm an Integrative Health practitioner I'm a board certified doctor of naturopathy my background is in all forms of Natural Health ayurvedic medicine traditional Chinese medicine by regulatory medicine but also backed up by functional medicine lab testing Etc so I know I believe in all forms of medicine and I'm here to help people so if we have a pharmaceutical that is able to help people that doesn't cause other issues then great but I want you to know that this is not one of those Pharmaceuticals and again I don't prescribe any Pharmaceuticals so I can't get this for you nor necessarily am I recommending it because I'm always helping people to look at the underlying root cause for their particular imbalance and weight gain or type 2 diabetes for sure is one of those so what I want to share with you is this though and this is actually science-based as well and then we'll get to the the good like if you do decide to use this I'm going to share with you the different studies that were actually run so semi-glutide injections may increase the risk of developing tumors of the thyroid gland including thyroid carcinoma a type of thyroid cancer laboratory animals who are given some glue tide develop tumors but it is not known if this medication increases the risk of tumors in humans so again I think that this is something for us to be cautious about developing tumors carcinogenic tumors uh cancer of the thyroid is not a good thing especially since that thyroid gland as well is responsible for a lot of your metabolic rate all right other less severe issues is inflammation of the pancreas now pancreatitis is still nothing to fool around with but that's where the drug is acting on the drugs acting on the pancreas there could be changes in vision there can be drops in blood sugar so all of a sudden if you're having blood sugar of 110 120 typically has a fasting glucose and it drops it down to 70 or below yeah you might start feeling lightheaded and weak and forgetful and dizzy and all of those things and of course you'll want to speak with your doctor about that right can cause kidney failure that's a serious one of course as well cause reactions any injectable though could cause reactions so we're just kind of stating the obvious there and then also liver gallbladder based problems more so with gallbladder uh being an issue so all of these have been shown but there's one and this is a big one that doctors aren't telling you about and I'm going to get to the study in just a moment because it is it's a great study but a lot of the participants and also doctors in functional medicine meaning like they do more than just run your blood work right on an annual physical and again I'm not I'm not trying to um be patronizing to a doctor that just runs your blood work and gives you medication but I just think that we can do better right in this day and age we can certainly do a whole lot better than that so here's the thing though uh a lot of that weight loss was also coming from muscle so when I share with you the weight loss stats and their significant much of that weight loss was coming from muscle tissue and maybe even some from other essential tissues in the body tendons things like that as well why does this matter okay it matters for this reason your muscle is going to provide a lot of your metabolism the less muscle we have and we start to lose it after about age 27 the less we have as we get older the less strong uh we are less viral we are less energy we have the less hormone we can help to produce with with our exercise but also less calories we can eat we can we can't eat as much food with body fat alone the more muscle we have it's more metabolically active which allows us to eat more calories because every pound of that muscle requires more calories than the body fat itself so this is really important you want to keep muscle on as you age especially and so it's just vitally important that there is no something for nothing if you're going to be using these specific class of drugs then what we want to be able to do is make sure that people are exercising with weights strength training not just a hit workout strength training to keep the muscle on two three days a week really really important because that what happens is when you lose the muscle you have to eat less and less calories every single day whether you're on the drugs or not so you have to be really careful with that all right so now let's get into the actual studies because there's good news right all right so before we do that there's going to be Brands brought up brand names of drugs one is uh ozempic I don't know if that's the correct pronunciation uh you'll have to check with of course your pharmacologist uh and then there's wegavi and or wagovi it's w-e-g-o-v-y and the other one is o z e m p i c these are both injectables and they contain semi-glutide ozempic is approved for type 2 diabetes so the treatment of type 2 diabetes technically it's not for the treatment of type 2 diabetes it's typically an add-on and then wegavi I'll just pronounce it wegov you pronounce it however you'd like is a higher dose semiglutid drug so still injectable but typically used for weight loss they're not interchangeable typically ozempek is used for type 2 diabetes and then the wegavi is used for the weight loss all right so um now that we have that out of the way let's get into the studies so when this went head-to-head ozembic versus semiglutide uh or I should say the wegevee I think you'll find this interesting so in a clinical trial that compared weekly use of semi-glutide of one milligram which is typically the ozempic for type 2 diabetes and 2.4 milligrams of semiglutid which was the wegev it caused more significant weight loss than just the one uh milligram so basically because sometimes there's an upper limit to these drugs like where the effectiveness lies but technically the 2.4 milligrams allowed for much more weight loss than the one milligram of semiglutid which is the azympic Okay so uh the one milligram not going to cut it the same as the Omega V which is the higher dose typically it's once a week that's what the um the prescription currently is that might change in the future okay so uh let's get into it this is the step study and this is where all the details are it's called the step study is the semiglucide treatment effect in people that's where you get step with obesity now obesity should be a key factor here and key word because it's used for people with obesity which means a BMI of 30 or above if you don't know your BMI you can find it at Steven cabral.com forward slash assessments they're all free you can just literally scroll down to BMI and you'll be able to find your BMI Okay so and this uh large-scale trial patients were receiving 2.4 milligrams of the semiglutide and they lost a mean of six percent of their weight by 12 weeks so if we think about that uh what would that be right if we look at well let's look at the average person let's just say it's 200 pounds all right so we've got 200 pounds which might be closer for many people not all to the scale of obesity obviously depends on how tall you are but let's just use 200 and let's multiply that by point or by six percent and we get 12 pounds okay which makes sense right so when we have uh 12 pounds of weight loss in 12 weeks so you might say well that's not that dramatic and I would say yeah that's true but a lot of these people were not able to lose weight for some time they're not following a specific nutrition plan they're not following a specific diet this is people just using this drug and losing weight so 12 pounds obviously um you know it's not not insignificant at all like it's it's real weight loss and then let's see after uh 28 weeks so what's that about double the time let's say it's about six months they lost 24 pounds so they basically doubled their weight loss so very consistently right let's look what was that well they're very consistently they're losing about a pound a week right not quite 24 pounds uh by week 28 but they're losing about a pound a week now after 68 weeks I've told you that these drugs have been around for some time now and some doctors were using them uh it's called not off Market off label for specific uh other uses such as weight loss they lost somebody between 15 percent of their body weight and nearly a third lost 20 percent of their body weight so if we just multiply that by 200 we know it's 60 pounds so 68 weeks would be well 52 weeks in a year uh plus another 16 weeks so it's like another four months or so so about a year and four months right 16 months or so I think that that probably makes sense right around there uh they were able to lose about 60 pounds so let's just do the math on that 16 divided by 16 and let's just see what the average was it was about 3.75 pounds per month or just about that one pound or so per week so that's typical the the weight loss uh in these specific studies there was not a lot of diet and exercise added to this so I just want to state that of course you might be able to double your results if you added diet and exercise as well I will say that there was certainly a reduction in calories eaten though that is part of the I won't call it magic but part of the appeal of these specific drugs is it affects the brain it affects appetite suppression I think that actually affects probably the gut as well which is signaling to the brain too and and of course there is a play between leptin and ghrelin because if you're starting to balance blood sugar and you're starting to tap into body fat well that then tells your body oh okay we've got enough food let's use body fat as a fuel source so what I want to share with you is the the real research the unbiased research you'll probably lose somewhere around 0.75 to 1 pounds per week and that should last you about a year or so again you're going to lose more weight if you weigh a little bit more and you'll lose less weight if you weigh less so I told you I wanted to share this as well one more part to it is this is that they found during this study the specific step study as well that fried food fatty food and foods high in sugar cause nausea in a lot of people so they actually got sick to their stomach really interesting while this they're on some glutide based injectable so now all of a sudden people are saying well I can't eat my favorite fast foods fatty foods high sugar foods because it makes me nauseous well for those people they're going to lose even more weight right because those are the biggest culprits with weight gain in the first place oxidized excuse me oxidized fats and processed sugar for sure now um okay so let's take it and then I'm going to give you a quick recap because there is an important recap which which is an unfortunate part of this is that uh there are two different forms of the drug the lower dose was used is used for type 2 diabetes the higher dose is used for weight loss typically with people with a BMI above a 30. okay next was uh depending on your weight you'll lose somewhere let's just say between a half a pound and a pound per week that's pretty safe and it looks like up to 12 months to 16 months you can continue to lose the weight okay very interesting right there some of that weight though is muscle loss which means that you will have to eat less and less calories over time just to maintain the same weight or lose weight because you're literally wrecking your metabolism okay another part is that there are some potential side effects these side effects could be anything from thyroid cancer not good um to pancreatitis inflammation the pancreas kidney issues gallbladder issues and more so we can look at those and then there is something called The Rebound weight gain people who stopped using the drug started to gain the weight back after stopping the use of semiglutide now it's a little concerning because that means then you're going to be on this drug for the rest of your life I worry about that especially since we know some of these side effects if this was oh I'm going to use this for six months and kick start my uh pancreas and Metabolism all these things it doesn't seem to be the case it seems that you need to stay on this specific drug time will tell but uh what I wanted to do is share with you the unbiased look at this and understand that there are always risks to these things it does work have a pound to a pound a week is legitimate especially without really dieting exercise again you are going to limit your calories because there is an appetite suppressant part to it but it is working but again I don't want you to forget that there are always causes effects in the body and this can have some potential side effects let me know if you've tried it before leave it in the comments let me know what your results were if you're in the health industry if you have any of your clients or patients that are using it let us know what their results have been a course I I appreciate you tuning in the show if the show was helpful do feel free to share it with anyone you believe it could serve take care everybody I'll be back soon with many more updates in this particular industry thanks so much for tuning in to Today's Show before you go don't forget to hit that subscribe button I want to make sure that you're getting our daily content not missing out on anything functional medicine Wellness weight gain weight loss anti-aging living longer stronger and all of the most Cutting Edge research and if there's any topics you want to hear feel free to leave them in the comments below take care

- Too Much Booze (Mounjaro Update 14): Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to this week's update. And as usual, I'm going to be going through my diet, exercise, impact on the scales. We're going to be going through the community news, featuring your tips, advice, questions, queries, and more. But for now, let's dive straight on into the waffle section. How to everyone who knows me, but for all those who don't, I'm Phil. Now, I'm just going to start this week by saying if you see me moving a little bit weirdly, I pulled something in my neck. I can't move it properly. It's killing, but I'm not going to bore you with that. Now, for once, I've not got a great deal to say in this week's waffle section. Um, there is the ongoing rumbling of the price increases which is happening just next week now. So, I'm going to cover a little bit more of that in detail next week because I think it's more beneficial once we know the final prices apart from going over things you already know. There's a few things just come out that I'm going to cover in maybe a separate video as well over the weekend. I still haven't decided on that yet. But what we do know already is that some places or a lot of places have already put increases in place. And what I really, really, really don't like about that is the fact that potentially or what I assume they're doing is they've already got their old stocking that they bought for a certain price and they've hiked the price on that straight away to see a better return on investment for them, which is, you know, slightly annoying. I'm not a big fan of that from virtually all the providers who have done that. Um, but yeah, that's it's annoying that they're going to be gaining a bigger profit on the stock they've already bought. I mean I do understand that these are businesses and at the end of the day supply and demand usually drives prices and obviously the demand is skyrocketed with what's going on. The demand's so high because it's one of the main several options that a lot of you or us or all of us are most of us are taking to you know try and stockpile get two or three pens in maybe more if you can afford it and then you know maybe half dose micro dose and get them to last a lot longer before the massive price increases. Also on that subject of the big choices, it does seem to be people stockpiling, potentially switching to a Goia, that's an option for you. And fortunately, some people have told me they're going to have to just stop and not continue with their journey, which is such a shame when it's having such a great effect for so many people. Go ahead, if you haven't already told me in the past, leave it in the comments. Let me know which of those choices you made or have you done something a little bit different. You know, if there's any ideas floating around out there that could help us all, please let us all know. We're all very anxious over the prices at the moment. But as I said, I'll cover this in more detail either over the weekend or in next week's weekly updates in far more detail. Moving on now, memberships are live for the channel. Um, I did explain this or I hope I explained it well enough, but just to save any confusion, memberships are live just purely because YouTube are doing a bit of a portion of the moment trying to get channels to do memberships. Lots of channels out there do some great memberships options where they'll give you things like, you know, advanced viewing of videos or they'll give you videos that nobody else can watch unless you're a member. Um, I did have a call people ask what's the difference between a subscription and a membership. So, when you subscribe to the channel, that just means you get things like notifications. If that's turned on, it'll tell you, you know, if you go that have released a video or anyone that you're subscribed to, they've released a video. You've also got the subscription tab on your YouTube account, which will it'll be all the channels you're subscribed to. You can go and look through there what's going on. Whereas a membership you pay for. The subscriptions are free. Membership you pay for. Now, I am purely doing it just to get the 100 pound off YouTube. I can't see me ever getting that. We we'll see if I do or don't. And once I do or don't, I'll be turning them back off. So, you have to do a certain level. So, I did the cheapest level. I think whatever it was, the 299, 3.99, something like that. And you just get the Mojo sticker, I don't recommend you do it. Uh, like I said, it's just to see if I get this free £100 off YouTube, which obviously with the price of the pen shooting up would come in really handy. Now, next, just a mini spoiler for later on the video. Um, the dire part of this week's update is not going to be as in-depth as usual. So, there's multiple reasons for this, but some of the main ones, and I'll just give you a simple explanation now, is that life's basically got no in the way over the last week or so. Um, as I mentioned at the beginning, I've done me neck in, so I've not been able to move much over the last two or three days. So, that's a reason why this is coming out even later than I I was anticipating or planning to be. Um, and you know, life does get in the way sometimes, even for people who trying to do YouTube and much much bigger and more successful than than I am. But, yeah, life has gotten the way basically. Um, it's kind of what in kind of like a 12 days of Christmas kind of way. Over the four days, I had three birthdays, two bad hangovers, and I think about an hour of peace during the whole bank holiday weekend from the kids. So, yeah, it was derailed my week a little bit. Um, but I'll go over that in more detail in the the weekly update section a little bit later on. But I'm just warning you for those that don't like hit listening and have not been super healthy, you're probably not going to enjoy this week's weekly result. Finally, speaking of those who don't like listening to me, a lot of you really like the congratulations section in last week's video, and it's probably something we're going to do from time to time where, you know, I think it's really good to hear some praise. We don't all get the praise we deserve for the journey we're on, the hard work we're putting in. It's just nice to have someone tell you, you know, even if it's not someone you know personally, but you know, you hear it from me and hopefully that drives your positivity and gives a little smile on your face. I'm a big believer in positive thoughts bring positive outcomes and positive results and that kind of thing. So, a bit of praise and positivity now and again will probably be coming into the channel a bit more and it's really good for us all, you know, but one person didn't like it and you know, in fact, they told me I talk some they also questioned why I'd bother going out and buying equipment and cameras and things like that. Um, I nearly fell for the bait. I nearly started, well, I actually did type a reply, but I didn't send it. I hit delete. Um, and I just removed them from the comments and banned them from the channel. Now they can still watch the video. So just in case they are watching the video still, congratulations on getting banned. Now normally I wouldn't stoop to something so low, petty, or childish. But they were also starting to comment in other people's replies and go them and trying to, you know, push them into an argument. You know, saying things deliberately to be controversial or, you know, trying to be upsetting in some cases. But, you know, I thought I'd I'd have a little go back at them here. And to be being completely honest, I thought telling them congratulations to a band was quite funny as well. Sorry if you didn't all find that funny. I can't laugh at this. Um, but yeah, I want this to be a safe space and I think that's only the second or third, maybe fourth at most person have actually banned from the channel because they've just been going around deliberately trying to go people up and cause arguments. So yeah, I want it to be a safe place where you can all just comment whatever you feel like you need to with within reason. Obviously anything malicious will get removed. Yeah, that's why I've gone back at them today cuz annoyed me. Anyway, moving on from me, it's now time to say some hi and hells to all you lovely lot out there. We'll start this week with hi to Wendy. Wendy has been on her Mongaro journey since the 9th of March and has lost four stone and was planning on doing it much longer, but with the incoming price hike, she's probably going to use the last couple of pens she's got now. Come off, see how she goes because she's quite near to a gold weight in that short period of time. And then if she does need to in the future, she'll probably just jump back on to 2.5 milligrams for a bit of assistance if she needs to. And obviously the 2.5 we're hoping is not going to be too much more expensive. So good luck Wendy and keep me updated how that goes for you. Hello to Keely next. Key with another brilliant 56 down since the 8th of May. Congratulations Kea. That's a fantastic achievement and a great amount of weight to lose so far. Hi to Steve next. And Steve I know exactly what you were trying to do. You're trying to catch me out on my pronunciation of places, people's usernames on YouTube, and the medical nightmare I had the other week trying to pronounce some of those long complicated medical words. But Steve is from Tonor Rafael. Tonor Raphael. Toner Raphael. I'm going for Toner Raphael. Toner Rafael in South Wales. Let me know I've done there, Steve. But yeah, he is 26 pound or nearly 12 kilo down in just his first five weeks. So a fantastic effort, Steve. Keep it going, mate. And like I said, let me know down in Tonor a fail how I've done in pronouncing that in South Wales. Hello to Lorraine next from Warick who's just on her second jab and she told me that she's watched all my videos back to back basically over the period from her first jab to a second job. So just over a week and I've seen a few people say that honestly you must be sick to death in my voice by the time you guys do that. I mean fair play and thank you for watching them all but yeah you I I I I can't even listen. I I struggle to watch these videos back. I mean, you know, I've always seen a lot of people say that, "Oh, I don't like seeing myself on camera. I don't like watching." I don't I have to watch them and playing it back and editing it, but that annoys me enough and my voice starts to really annoy me and I feel like just droning on. I feel I've got quite a high pitch annoying voice and now I'm going on and it's going to be going on even more. And those who are going to watch them in back to back again in the future going to have to listen to this and think, "Actually, yeah, you're right. You do go on. I'm sick of your voice. I'm going to stop listening to you." But anyway, back to Lorraine from Warrick. But she was also a little bit reluctant to put in the 12 pound that she lost during their first seven days. Now, we all we don't all get this. We've been through this thing last week before where I said, you know, some people get massive results first week or two, some people don't. We're all different. We all lose a different time. But she was she was worried she was going to upset people that, you know, that hadn't lost as much in their first week. But like I was commenting before, we want this to be a safe space. Feel free to comment whatever you want in the comments, guys. You know, don't feel ashamed about fantastic results. Don't feel ashamed if you've done you had a bad result, but you want to get it off your chest and talk to people about it. Put it in there. As long as it's not malicious or nasty or vindictive or spiteful, it will stay in there and you won't be getting banned. I promise. Hi, Tyler. Next, who's watching all the way from Kes in Australia and you know that always blows me. I seem to get quite a few people commenting from Australia and that's obviously as far as far away you can get from where we are in in the UK and that's just mind-blowing that we get people as far as Australia watching. But yeah, hi Tyler and Kes. And finally this week, we've got Tracy down in Southampton who's lost 25 and a half pounds since the 8th of July. So congratulations Tracy. Fantastic result. That's it for the waffle section. It goes really quick these days or I find it does. But if you want to mention in the waffle section at any point, just say hello in the comments. Put something interesting in there. Just tell me where you're from and I'll try and get through as many as possible next weeks. Moving on now to our community news. And I want to start this week's community news with an article I was reading earlier in the week. I'm not going to go into too much detail on it, so I'm skimming over it slightly. I'm sure if you just Google it, you'll find it similar. Really should have got the link and put it in the description. I will try and find it. Can't guarantee I will though. Um, but it was a little bit of good news for a change. And this was around the ongoing talks from NICE, which is the National Institute for Health and Care of Excellence. And they're proposing a bit of a shakeup for those with type two diabetes. They're suggesting that the current way of treating people with type two diabetes is not suitable. I think they call it a, you know, a onefits all approach and they do it the same for every person, same medication at the start. They're suggesting that what they should be doing is getting a more personalized care going forward. There's um I I wasn't aware of these because obviously I'm not a type two diabetic but if you are you might be aware of them but there's a new well they might even be new apologies not but there's an SGLT2 inhibitor type drugs you know like similar to the um GLP ones that were taken you know and things like that but this is just for diabetes um and they recommend that should be the first line defense for treatment for people and I believe it could save tens of thousands of lives I believe the numbers they were saying were if 90% of the people got covered who needed it using that first they reckon 22,000 people could be saved because what they think is that the tablet that you take I think it's one daily tablet a day or tablets a day for that um they saying that it gives you more help around getting after your heart and things like that and therefore they rely could say 22,000 lives if 90% of the people who needed it got it and it's also suitable for people who can't tolerate metformin as well they were saying in there and it should be their first choice and they're also saying that the use of GLP-1 drugs um like semaglutide shouldn't be used later on down the treatment path. It should be much earlier in the journey and that would again help with people with type two diabetes. And yes, so potentially really good news for those with type 2 diabetes potentially. Next up, we've got a suggestion from CLA to get some more protein into my diet. A good few of you said you're worried about the amount of protein I get in and um but I must say each time I read this from CLA I get Peter K shouting garlic bread in me head because I like all the ingredients I'm about to read out but I'd never thought of having them together and that is cottage cheese mixed seeds strawberries blueberries now like them all together never would have nice have that had cheese and grapes you know so maybe it's not completely out there but if that's one you guys all like seeds and fruit with cottage cheese and you tried it I'm going to give it a go at some point I think I can't swear to CLA but I'll let you know if we do but thanks for leaving that CLA just a quick one now from Chris in Australia um and he had a great line that he wants to pass on to me and I thought I'd share it with you and it was regarding when I had my McDonald's treat was it last week the week before um and he heard a saying once that he passed on to me and that was one bad meal a week doesn't break a diet. Any more than one salad a week makes a diet. Great advice. Thanks, Chris, for sharing that. I think that's one we should all remember. Although, my week wasn't one bad meal. We'll get to that. And finally, we've got Poppy. Poppy wanted us to know that hair provider went ahead and increased every dose of Pen from 2.5 right the way up to 50 milligrams by 170% across the board, which I think is absolutely scandalous. didn't actually say who that provider was or if you did probably sorry I missed it but that's the worst I've heard of any provider doing so far I think it really is shocking to take like I said before that's existing stock they bought for a certain price now they're making a far bigger profit across the board especially on the lower doses which we know that's not what how it's meant to work speaking of providers and I still have the link for 25% off with Voy on your first order I've had a few of you comment to me so I have reached out to them saying that you know there's issues the prices have changed and they're offering the lower doses to use um to new members. Um that's not impact me cuz I'm an existing member. So, but I do believe and that's what I'm waiting for confirmation for that if you go down a WGOI route, you'd still get that 25% off. But just try it. Obviously, don't commit to it if it doesn't give you it. But yeah, I'm trying to find out. I'll let you know. I might have to do a short or something or pop a post up just to let you all know. But if you're interested in it still, it is a 25% off using Phil YT as your code down below. Let me know if it still works and it' be great to know. I do get a small commission on that. you know, that is the reason why I push it and I cost you no more. I just get a little tiny percentage of the sale. So, that's that's obviously why I do that. That's an affiliate link. I think that's the right terminology for it. But yeah, if you're interested, it's down below in the description. That's it though for this week's community news. And if you have got any tips, advice, questions, or queries you'd like answered and you'd like to share with the group, stick it in the comments of this video, and I'll try and get through as many as I can in next week's. But now, it is time for my weekly update. And before I go through my weekly update, if you're enjoying this, you found it useful, just having fun watching me, then please do like and subscribe and turn on the notification bell. But yeah, as I mentioned at the beginning of this video, slightly different update style this week. There's not going to be any posts, you know, down the side of me here or here. I am struggling to point over there, here or here. Um, there's not going to be the usual post from the Voy app showing exactly what I ate, the calories and all things like that. And that was because, like I said, there was three close family birthdays just four days apart. One was my eldest son's 8th birthday. Um, this involved eating out different places on different days with family members and friends. It also involved two evenings of drinking which I wasn't meant to be doing. I can't remember whether that three weeks or four weeks off drink and two the two nights were fairly heavy. They were only Guinness and gym beam but yeah they ended up following with a couple of ropey hangovers the following day. They were not good. Um, now the meals went horrific when I did eat out. I had a roast a carvy one day. Um, not much gravy on there. So, meats and veg, so it wasn't terrible. And I had Korean sticky chicken with coconut rice and another place which was just a weather spoon. Actually, it's really tasty. I can really recommend that. And yeah, like I said, the evenings were just Guinness and the it was the gym beam that caused the hangovers unfortunately. Um, I've not had hangovers for a good while now. I went nine months without drinking if you remember over from last year before I started Mjaro from about September October right through to I think around April May um it's not ideal and it wasn't something I planned on doing it just when I do these drinking bands when I do these drinking breaks it's just for myself I I feel these days that maybe with me age and things like that but if a drink like even now the last drink I'm Monday I still don't feel myself you know and it's was it Thursday now I just don't feel myself 100% takes about a week 10 days, two weeks, they get out my system. That's when I feel my normal self. And during them periods, I'm a bit not grouch, maybe grouchy. I'm a bit more can't be bothered or do I have to do this, do I have to do that? Where when I'm not drinking, I don't have ever have that. I'm so upbeat and let's get this done. Let's get that done. Um, so yeah, I didn't plan on drinking. I do want to get on bigger abstinence period with the drink, but yeah, it just snowballed. And then the the hangovers meant I wanted some stodgier food the following day. I didn't start recording things the way it should have been on the app. just basically fell off for a bit of a week. Um, but yeah, I decided I just give you a brief update this week. I'd just go over them things. Like I said, bad foods, drank alcohol, had hangovers, um, slice three different days. I had three slice of kids birth, two kids birthday, one adults birthday cake, but they were all bought for the kids in realistically anyway. But yeah, that's that's what I did. And that meant there was no exercise over that time as telling me it was meant to pick up beginning of this week, but as I said, I woke up Tuesday morning and I couldn't move me neck and I was in agony and Wednesday and I'm still in pain today on the Thursday. I didn't say I was going to talk about this sore neck, but I am. I don't know if you can start to see I'm starting to tilt me neck further and further that way because it's relieves the the pain a little bit. But yeah, I did actually meet with me dietician and coach that week for the Friday for that weekend before I end up having a drink on that Friday night. Um, and that was really good. I had a good chat with Kane over at Voy and I covered a couple of things I wanted to know about. Um, I agreed to do 50 pressups every other day. He's not going to be happy. I've failed misery that first week and with the way my neck is at the moment, I won't be doing them this week either. So, he's going to be telling me off at the end of next week. What I did ask him about was a couple of things that I've been curious about. A lot of people say Hule shakes aren't too good. He said they're absolutely fine. I had a lot of people saying, "Watch the processed chicken breast I was having for lunch with salads." You know, the ones that get the chicken breast chopped up with some flavorings on. He said it's absolutely fine. And I also asked about was my protein high enough. He said it is for now. It is a little bit low. Nothing drastic. You know, start looking up over the next couple of weeks from the 85 that the raps are recommend to around 120 125 something like that. He did mention a couple of other things. I didn't take notes. I was really annoyed at myself. I should have took notes. You get a little slot. Next time I will take more notes. But he talked about something called my or not mine but everyone's metabolic adaptation. And that's potentially why I've hit a bit of a plateau because your body adapts and your metabolism adapts. doesn't so much go into starvation mode as everyone says or thinks it does as the way we think it probably does. But it does hold on to fat stores slightly differently um and more reluctantly to give them up with this metabolic adaptation. Um but yeah, I'm going to take proper notes next time and feed that back to you much more detail. And also obviously there's no notes on what impact not drinking is having on my body. So there's no update for that anyway as well. In fact, there were impact things to say about that was the two hangovers which were yeah really wrecked through my days over the bank holiday weekend. Um, but yeah, after all that though, I had a fantastic bank holiday weekend with family and friends and close ones. It was really good. We were all together with lots of different people over the four or five days. But what did that do for my weekly results? So on Wednesday the 20th of August, I weighed 16 stone 7B. That's 231 pounds or roughly 104 kilos. that really bad four to five days. Still didn't feel great by the Wednesday when I got on the scales. And then as I got on the scales on Wednesday the 27th of August, I weighed 16 stone 6 lb. That's 230 lb or still roughly around 104 kilos. Baffled, gobsmacked. Um, unbelievable. You know, weeks of super strict diets, I wasn't really losing anything. a heavy weekend, the heaviest weekend I've had for a long time, especially with drink things like that. And I've ended up losing a pound. It's just crazy how your body works. Um, it's not like I had hangovers and didn't eat for the whole days. I did eat on those days. It was only the usual um microwave rice and chicken breast one of the days and a hot and sour soup with um I think Oh, yeah. I had a tuna sandwich one of the days as well, which wasn't great for the hango. But yeah, baffling. I've lost a pound or half a kilo. I'm not sure how, but I'm very, very, very happy with the week I'd had. But yeah, just to start wrapping up this week's update, though, and just a couple of things I want to mention before I do. And I am going to move her up to 5 milligrams. I was on 2.5 milligrams. I just want that extra suppression. I feel like I could have maybe carried on 2.5 for another month, but obviously with the price is going up. I've ordered a 5.5 a 5 milligram. I'm voyer honoring Cur customers up till 14th of September. So I can get another one ordered then if I if I need to at 5 milligrams. So I'll have two lots of 5 milligrams to get me through before the price hikes. So yeah, I just want to let you know that was happening. And b this is much shorter. I can obviously see the time of how long this this has taken. It's much much shorter than what it normally is. Do you guys prefer that? Do you prefer the way I've just done it? Do you want weekly updates where I show you a stat of every single day I run through every single meal I've had? Or would you rather bit of waffle, bit of community news indeed and then a detailed rundown of my every single day, what I at, calories in, exercise, steps burn, things like that. Or would you prefer to do more of a waffle section heavy, community news heavy, and then just skim over roughly what I've been eating, roughly what I've been doing, and then tell you my weight? Would you prefer that? Leave it in the comments which of the two ways you prefer to do. Would you prefer more waffling and more community news, less me or less insight into what I'm actually eating, or would you like the way it is where it's in in depth detail and, you know, pretty spread across the three sections? Um, but yeah, let let me know in the comments which which of those you prefer. I might put a poll out as well to see what you all think about that. But it's interesting because I think this flowed much better than it did when I go into a lot of detail. I kind of get people get hung up. Are you really too interested in the daily food consumption? Maybe you are. Now I'm really starting to waffle outside the waffle section. I apologize, guys. But yeah, if there's anything you want to discuss though based on what I've been going through in this video, um, stick it in the comments. Any suggestions of what you'd like to talk about in future videos, stick that in the comments. Like I said, I'll hopefully be doing another price hike update. Heard a few runins in the last hour or so before I started recording this. I've left them out because I wanted a concrete evidence of proof of what that might mean to prices going forward. Um, pretty big one there from Eli Liy. And if if it has happened, you'd already know it's happened by the time you watch this. But for now, I hope some of you found this useful, insightful, fun. If you did, like, subscribe, click on the notification bell. But for now, as always, thank you for watching. Keep it up, everyone. You're doing fantastic. You really are doing great. If I can do this, you can do this. We can all do this. I'll see you in next week's update. Bye for now.

- GLP 1 Struggle is REAL! From Cookies to Colonoscopies: Kind: captions Language: en hello and welcome back to the downsize today is Sunday November 10th 2024 and it's time for our weekly weigh my name is Lorraine Durham and I'm Christopher Durham and we're the downsize we're the channel where we talk about all things glp1 weight loss related gp1s are things like OIC wovi Manjaro is that bound I gonna say tppa tide semaglutide semaglutide um before we get started let me first remind you we're not doctors not a doctor also not attorneys lawyers pharmacists insurance agents you name it please make sure to consult your healthc care professional to make sure you get customized medicine and help for your individual needs whether it be healthc care plans or weight loss medications make sure you talk to your doctor if you haven't already please take a moment like And subscribe that button and make sure you get hit the Bell icon so it will alert you every time we publish a video and especially if we go live you never know when we're going to go live on a random Tuesday I never know when we're I might do it today who knows good thing I citch the Bell so I get the notifications it has happened before I went live and she was sitting downstairs what is he doing okay anyway it's a beautiful day today in North Carolina our weekly weighin is that chance for us to tell you about where we are in our weight loss Adventure what weight we lost or gained what medications we're using what doses and what's going on in our lives that may have impacted our weight loss Adventure as always lorine gets a start as always what do you mean as I have started once in the last would you like to start today I'm much more interested in what you're doing darling as as well you should be anyway let's get to my results okay I am a 55 yearold female mother of three pretty much grown children and I started Compound epetite on September 29th of 2023 so a little bit over a year ago and I have lost I I'm going to say 50 PBS because that's what I always say but today I have a little update for that number which I'll get to in a minute but I've lost 50 lbs on compounded trpe tide I've done all my shots have been compounded except for one which I stole from his Supply but he can tell you about him in a minute okay so last week okay I start did I say I started at 193 lbs did I say it was 54 and a quarter I don't think I did I used to be 5'5 and a half and then now I've shrunk to 54 and a quarter and so that screws with my goal weight that quarter inch dramatically changes things cuz when it was 55 I round to 56 and then I was not 55 and A2 then I was 55 five so like okay and then I last year I shrunk to 54 and A4 I started at 193 last week I was 142. 4 so I was a little bit more than 50 lbs down this week as of this morning I'm 144.5 so that's up 2 lb from last week for a total of 48.8 total lost now if you're just tuning into to the downsized you might be thinking oh what happened this week Lorraine did you go on vacation did you eat some fun Foods did you did you go on a trip were you out of your normal routine was there just a lot of Reese's sadly no the sadly the reason that I was up was because I had a I think this is why I was up I had a colonoscopy on Monday I had not taken my shot for 17 days I was off my shot was the reason because you hadn't taken your shot for 17 days or because you had a colonoscopy I'm explaining the whole realm of possibilities into my explanation it was kind it's weird like I haven't really had a week where I've been up 2 lounds unless we got off a cruise or something so it was weird my doctor told me to be off of the shot for 7 days prior to the colonoscopy I decided I would be off The Shot 14 days I am not a doctor Dr Lorraine making random decisions I just decided I thought that that would be maybe better was it better I don't know so I had been off my shot it was day 15 when I had my colonoscopy I had so you have to do the prep which is basically you don't eat the day before so on Sunday I got to only have chicken broth and apple juice and I had water and some spray but you had a lot you had to drink a lot of water and the prep for that has a lot lot of and then you drink the prep which is it makes you just everything comes shooting out of your body and you do the prep the night before and then you do another jar of the prep in the morning and I was hungry cuz I had been off the shop for 14 days so I was really hungry like not eating all day and only eating apple juice and chicken broth like my stomach was growling like I have not been this hungry in a year right from from starting this well you essentially hadn't eaten in almost 3 days and you'd been off the shot for yeah twice as long as the doctor told you to be I had the colonoscopy on Monday and I guess it went okay I'm waiting for some results on some things but basically they took a biopsy of some stuff and I'm waiting to hear about those but the doctor thinks that it was fine anyway I got we got home and Christopher said or we got in the car we got in the car we didn't get home and Christopher said what do you want for lunch and I said I want Chick-fil-A so I got a number one if you know what chick if you have a Chick-fil-A near you you know that number one is the fried chicken sandwich and the fries and I got a milkshake cuz I was just feeling like she was still a little loopy too I deserve it she still a little sedated and I'm mad not mad but poor me I deserve it so um she was giving me her poor me face I did I was very good at the poor me face that day so we got home Monday and then I we ate and then I just went to bed and slept the rest of the afternoon Christopher said he he came in to check on me kept poking me to make sure I was breathing I me and JoJo hopped on you so asleep and then Tuesday was not a good day either I was still I felt crampy like I felt not quite right I didn't work out I didn't do anything on Tuesday just sat around the house in my pajamas most of the day and then it was election night fast forward to Wednesday and I felt better physically missing a key part of the night oh was that when I told you to go out and buy okay so Tuesday was yeah I was still not feeling great and I said to Christopher I want ice cream and chocolate chip cookies and he like any good husband said what kind of ice cream and I'll be back in 20 minutes I don't know it was just like a combination of a tsunami of things happening we had some ice cream cookie dough ice cream and chocolate chip cookies um which were delicious and that was on Tuesday Wednesday I got up and I I went to my bar class at the gym and I was feeling B better and then some point in the day Wednesday we finished off the ice cream and when she says we you had some of it so anyway this has not been the best week of eating for me I've eaten much more than normal I tried to course correct like yesterday I did a really good job with 30 grams of protein at every meal and today I've been trying to get the protein in also I also worked out this morning so I also I took my shot on I guess Wednesday right so I had been 17 days without the shot and I had been on 7.5 milligram and I was debating do I go back to 7.5 milligram do I drop down to go back up or what so I got out my vial out of the refrigerator and I was down to the last little bit in the vial so I could only draw out what probably equaled to about 7 Mig so that's why I took I didn't want to do two shots or I didn't want to mix them up or anything so you know what 7 milligrams is fine so I did seven on Wednesday and today I feeling much more in control of my appetite and my food noise but I was definitely I definitely wanted to eat all the things the cookies and ice cream yes and the cookies an ice cream yeah I'm up 2 lb so I'll work on that this week and I'll report back to you next week and you know what but in it's life so that's how it goes you want to talk about your week sure Mr Durham why not we actually started on the medication at the exact same time September of last year I started on compounded tppa tide with Lorraine and then after I don't know about a month or so working with my my local doctor actually switched over to branded monjaro had blood pressure and there's a bunch of things we were working on wanted to make sure he could closely monitor me people ask why'd you do that it was just I wanted my doctor local Doctor Who I trust implicitly to make sure he was taking care of me and he would anyway but if he's writing the prescription it's just yeah a better thing couple other issues yeah there was other stuff going on there and then when ZB bound came out for when they released Z Bound for weight loss we switched over to that and went back and forth between monjaro and Z bound a couple of times because of shortages and what we could get get our hands on all that stuff went back to compounded tepati during the shortages as well so I've actually pretty much interchangeably used now Zep bound and monjaro and compounded zepeti over the course of the last 56 57 weeks not seen any difference in weight loss not seen any difference in side effects work the same for me occasionally my body does weird things and I have a random side effect but I don't think it had anything to do with the medication I'm 56 years old I'm 5' 10 and A2 I haven't shrunk that I know of but I could say I was six no I was never six foot yeah so I started at 2865 due to all of her things I think when I weighed earlier this week I was up three lbs um because the 15 I'm on 15 milligrams sympathy weight G was sympathy weight gain I'm on 15 milligrams and it's still working and I have been for I don't know 14 15 weeks now um but it doesn't work as much as it did early on it's still I don't really have food noise I am full much quicker than I normally was but I'm not full after two bites like I was at at the beginning so it's that's a difference but it still works and I'll continue to do it my goal weight is 190 lb so this morning I got up and I was basically even with last week I took a shower and weighed myself again and I was down to 202.5 so I was down like7 or something off last week so you down to last week yeah down to last week which makes me 84 PBS down that's a lot I don't I thought you were down 81 or two how'd you get to 84 it's creeping up it's been like 81.5 81.6 80 and sometimes I don't know how to do math so I think sometimes I say it incorrectly but I wrote it down see I wrote it down so I see that math is I I see that math that's that's correct right 84 86 2 86.5 - 202.5 correct I think any that is correct anyway so yes this one was eating Chick-fil-A and cookies and ice cream oh I had some as well um but it does make it more difficult to lose weight yeah and I also think that just being off the medication I felt like the old days before tepati where if I just ate one thing bad or had a bad day I would zip up in weight and actually I was up more than 2 lbs right after my colonoscopy I think I was like around4 46 I think it was causing a lot of bloating now I think all the electrolytes in the that had in the water was yeah so I'm glad it's come back down a little bit I'll just focus on it all the cookies and ice cream now are gone from the house and ice cream is has always been what I call a red light food okay a red light food is something that I can't keep in the house because I will eat it till it's gone chocolate chip cookies cookie dough ice cream all those kinds of things we just really we don't even when we weren't on tepati we didn't bring those things in the house on a regular basis because we knew we would just eat them all we get a bag a box of Oreos and eat the whole row so y'all know what I'm talking about oh those chocolate chip cookies too they were po Deli chocolate chip cookies they were little ones and I have a daughter who's allergic to nuts so I and the other one doesn't like nuts really so yeah so we usually don't we don't ever get nuts and I was like o ch chipon cookies please that's just what he brought home so I that's what I had so yeah that was our week last week what else did we do what else did we do I guess it was Halloween last Thursday that did that wasn't really in this week no that wasn't in this week lots of cooking though it's I could only cook a couple of days because of she couldn't eat anything so a nice mustard glazed salmon one night we ate some of the Trader Joe's stuff we did from the hall the mushroom ravioli which was quite delicious yeah he takes that out but then he makes like a sauce to go with it and cuts up mushrooms and shallots and put some frozen peas in there and then it's like better than a restaurant meal but yeah that was I had the remainder of that for lunch you know anytime we can add more veggies I always think it's a good thing yeah I struggle to get enough vegetables into my diet in the summertime I'm I'm a really big salad person like I like to make my salads at home and I like to put a lot of vegetables in them but when it's cold outside now it's not cold outside here today I think the high is supposed to be 80° here in no first week of November but when it when the weather turns colder I just I don't want to eat cold food at lunchtime I'd rather have hot food so we start doing more soups you made some uh chicken soup yep so I'll have to do more of that maybe the turkey chili maybe we'll have to do do that yeah I don't ever understand a turkey chili but okay um turkey ground turkey brings no flavor to the party and it's not any better for you than beef I don't know I guess that might be debatable and I think the calorie counts are different but and I'm not opposed to beef I think beef is a great source of lot more protein protein um anyway yeah we could do beef chili that's fine how about workout cuz you were you were out of workouts for a couple days so I was out I didn't work out Friday to Tuesday so that's longer than I usually stay out and then Wednesday I went back and did a bar class and it was fine I picked up really heavy weight for the class really heavy weights like I got some 10 pound weights and some 15 pounds and and did the class with those just because I felt like I needed more I don't know and then on Thursday I did a step aerobics class which which was really good I really like it and I'm thinking I could make up these routines I could I've told you that for years I could teach this class maybe I should get certified to be an aerobics teacher like maybe I don't know I don't know so poof you're certified tender verified at the grocery store yep certified fresh um um yeah so maybe um saying that for 30 years babe yeah so I used to do jazz or size when we F we haven't known each other 30 years but when we uh first started dating I was big into jazzer size and Christopher would always say can't you just make up your own routines and just do it you knew all those dances I mean it was there's only so many combinations I still know a lot of the Jazz rise routines U I love Jazzercise so much and then we just moved and I just there's no Jazzercise around this where we live anymore yeah so I don't know maybe I could do something like that sure uh so and then Friday was I did another bar class and I was thinking about I was told Chris I said I think I'm going to do two classes today I'll do the bar class and then I'll stay for the Power Yoga and we got done with the bar class and I was decided I'm not doing Power Yoga after this I was just kind of kind of over it so uh yeah all right so what's coming up next week what is coming up next week so we'll do a live on Wednesday make sure you join us 7:00 eastern standard time Veterans Day is coming up and the gym is closed on Monday so remind me Christopher don't go to the gym on Monday I'm not going to remember that because I'll drive all the way there it'll be closed and I'll be mad that's the problem with working out of with working for ourselves and out of our houses my sense of like closing and opening schedule especially now that the kids are not here and in school yeah there's no that pattern of school just doesn't exist so every day is the same to me at this point she's like but it's Saturday I'm like how's Saturday different than Tuesday I don't really know what do you can do anything you want indeed indeed indeed anyway so we've got that live coming up on Wednesday we're planning a Thanksgiving uh live stream cooking and chat Extravaganza I think for for the Saturday before Thanksgiving so watch out for that should be exciting glp1 Thanksgiving dinner with all the fun flavors but a lot better for you we've got an event coming up that we're doing in Chicago in a couple weeks Christopher said sh what time do we land in Chicago when when are we going to get to uh into the hotel in Chicago I said I don't know let me check I look on American a we don't have any We Had No Reservations this is now like two weeks Christopher we forgot to book this trip he goes what I said we do not have tickets people showing up for an event so we kind need to be there so we booked it and looking at the ticket it was $180 a person cheaper if we left on Saturday instead of Sunday so we thought oh we'll just so we'll be in Chicago Saturday night yeah so we'll be in downtown Chicago Saturday night just to hang out Saturday night yeah and then on Sunday we have to go back toward the airport to Rosemont Illinois for our event our it's called The Bold bash it's and it's just kind of a networking event networking party kind of event so that'll be easy enough yep yep and then we're working on plans for the rest of the year for content and stuff so if you've got any interesting things you'd like us to talk about or concepts or news or whatever let us know reach out if you'd like to be on the downsize dish or interview series we could use more people so tell them about that lorine the downsize dish is where I interview people about their weight loss or their experience on on glp1 specifically so if you would like to come on the channel and uh we can have a chat about what's going on with you you can send me an email to lineth downsized dorg it's l a r a i n e at the downs.org I'll send you a link to our calendar and we'll have about a 30 minute conversation with your experiences with glp1 and we'll talk about your weight loss journey and what's going on with you everybody wants to see someone who looks like them who had the same starting weight as them who's the same height as them I've got a I've got a 54 and a quarter Club going um so you know if you haven't seen someone that looks like you should send me an email or if you have seen someone who looks like you an email either way anyway so uh yeah the more the marry we love to tell people's stories and we learn something new from every one of these so it's we we enjoy doing that what are you doing I didn't curl my hair today so it's a little it's a little frizzy what is going on it's a little frizzy it's a little frizz Friz action going today but yeah we also have a website that you can go to the downs.org we have an Amazon affiliate store there where we list some of my favorite pro products uh some constipation remedies that I like some protein packed things that I like some other products and I keep getting emails from Amazon and when you're an Amazon affiliate they send you all you get previews to sales and all this stuff you guys know we're not somebody who's going to stand there and go buy this that's just not what we do but they have a lot of programs right now giving us previews for Black Friday and I wondered what you guys might think if lorine did like here's the 10 things you should buy on uh Black Friday for gp1s or something I'm always looking for a good deal so if something's on a super sale I definitely want to know about it I'm sure people out there would want to know about it would be things that we would recommend or we used it wouldn't be just yeah here's my slippers doesn't make any sense I wonder if my bionic slippers might be on sale maybe I don't know but relevant to what we're doing here but I don't know I'm torn over it I don't really want to become a sales Channel but I think it's an interesting opportunity and Amazon gives you a preview into all the Black Friday stuff so we could actually pre-film and it would come out so that you would know hey I should go buy you know Premier Protein is on sale right now I I I mean I definitely want to know if the stuff I use all the time is on sale cuz we're trying to save money here with all of our medication with all of our compounded and branded uh medication so yep all right so that's us for this this week right I believe so U make sure to watch the news tomorrow lots of fun exciting things coming out on the downsize news and we will be back next week for another downsized weekly weighin my name is Christopher Durham I'm Lorraine Durham if you haven't already please like And subscribe and we are the downsized

- 148 lbs Down with GLP-1s, Zepbound, Tirzepatide!: Kind: captions Language: en hello and welcome to the downsize weekly weigh-in today is Sunday February 23rd and um this is our weekly weighin we are Lorraine and Christopher Durham we are the downsized and this is the channel where we tell you about our glp1 weight loss Journey uh I've lost over 50 pounds using compounded tepati and Christopher has lost creeping up on almost 100 almost 100 on compound or tritide uh monjaro and Zep bound so this is our um time today where we tell you what's happening what's going on and actually right now we are on the celebrity reflection cruise ship we're doing an8 night cruise for toward the end now uh of an 8 night cruise to Aruba boner and carel these are places we hadn't been before so this was uh great and you know as always we travel with our shots we travel with all the things and try to navigate you know abundant food uh on glp1 medication uh this post today is is sponsored by Mochi health I get my compound eptide from Mochi Health I've used them since February of 2024 so um a little over a year now if you'd like to sign up with Mochi you can use my code and save $40 it's qyy y go8 the code is in the comments so you can just copy and paste it and it's join moi.com they'll sign you up for uh a monthly membership fee which covers your tella Health Doctor visits and dietition visits if you want to do those to that's included in your monthly membership fee the compounded tepati is currently 1999 a month and they do uh have the ability to ship to some states in 3 month supply one month supply 3 month supply and six month supply so it varies based on what state you live in so um call or go online to see what's available in your state absolutely all right so do I get to start this week sure sure so as she said we're on the celebrity reflection in 8 night cruise um so our weekly weigh well how the heck do you weigh on a cruise well we've talked about it before but we actually bought a travel scale this is actually sorry upside down a rfo travel scale not sponsored we just bought it off Amazon um if you'd like to go to our Amazon store you can buy one and that'd be awesome we Amazon affiliat so we make a small percentage if you buy something um and it works pretty well the the challenge of a cruise ship is if you do it in port on a hard service everybody knows don't do don't wear yourself on carpet uh on a hard surface it's pretty reliable if you do it at Sea and the ship's moving a lot it's a little more Che challenging we're kind of moving up SE today a little more challenging and I was not going to step on that scale until weighing day usually I weigh every day but I have not weighed every day on vacation and I really wasn't so crazy about Weighing on vacation but here we are that's our life now so this is what we do so yeah so I weighed this morning so we're in the I guess six seventh yeah seventh night this will be the seventh night for the cruise yeah um and the approach for the cruise was has been to I have taken my shots every time we forgot last time but I was really that was the first shot i' missed in 70 plus weeks which I didn't like but I picked it up a day or two later um so we'll take our shot today as well the approach for the cruise for me has been because I reached my goal weight to just kind of maintain and if I was up a pound or two that was that was okay I wasn't trying to lose weight it wasn't you know I wasn't going hard on it um so I started at 2864 I guess uh September 2023 we started this at the same time on Compounders epetite over the course of the last 70 plus weeks I've used compound Ator eptide zpp bound and monjaro I had worked with my local doctor and had a bunch of issues with blood pressure and stuff so I was kind of going back and forth shortages so I've used all of it it all worked the same for me no issues whatsoever same weight loss same side effects um and now I have been on the highest dose which on the zip bound side is 15 milligrams for four or five months I don't track it as well as she does she has a spreadsheet I don't um and most of the time I've been taking compor eptide from Mochi and now in the last month or so it's been um 16.6 so they have an adjusted dosing strategy so they've actually added a higher level which honestly the 16.6 cloaker asked about it in a comment and talk to talk more about it so sure I'll talk more about it I never I don't think really had a true stall I track mine enough to know how much weight I've been losing so I have pretty much always lost weight or been flat every every week and even the flat weeks haven't gone more than two weeks unless we were on vacation yeah unless we're on vac unless there was a specific reason for it or Christmas um I don't even know that I was really on St but it got really slow and I had just been on 15 it was still working the uh food noise was really pretty much non-existent the satiety the longer I've been on this it it isn't as strong as it was to begin with but it was fine it worked okay however to get the 166 I do think it worked a little bit better so that's about 10% more medication um and I think it helped me push that last 10 pounds um I didn't have any additional side effects whatsoever I have I have never had anything more than some very light constipation I've never had to take any supplements for it always resolves itself I occasionally just randomly have diarrhea because that's what my body does occasional fatigue you know every I don't know three four five weeks all of a sudden one day it's just like you need to take a nap uh I don't get the dry mouth anymore with this 166 dose to quote traces of TW the the zip was zipping I could I could feel it right it was it was there um so I liked it I mean I think it was beneficial to me so today I weighed in or I'm sorry prior to the cruise I had hit 187.5 lbs so I was my initial goal weight was 190 lb so I was below my goal weight and then I was like I think I really want to get 100 lb down so and I think I still do so we'll shoot for that today I'm at 19.3 so a little under 2 lbs gain over the last seven days on a cruise that's fine it's I also swell and there's a lot of water weight going on on cruises my feet always get puffy so we'll hit the ground running when we get home and I that'll be gone in no time I'm not even worried about it at all um and it's been a great Cruise people worry about the food food on this we're on Celebrity lots of good options here lots of grilled Meats grilled vegetables roasted things vegetarian you name it you can certainly make bad you can C bad's not the word you can certainly make more decadent choices if you want to there's lots of that but you don't have to there there are lots of choices I mean I had a ham and cheese omelette this morning I love an omelette just you know it was all protein and a couple coffee for breakfast I was fine it's all good I don't know so how about you how about me um I just came from uh a Zumba class and I also did a class in the gym uh so I was kind of smelly so I did a quick shower and that's the no hair the no makeup look but um I'm kind of tan so I'm kind of I'm kind of liking how my uh shoulders are looking today so uh I started off my weight loss Journey at 193 pound on 5'4 and A4 I have lost uh I got down 50 lbs down and maintained about I've been doing that for about 6 months so I got to 143 uh before we left for the cruise I weighed 1408 today on our handy dandy travel scale uh I weighed 143.5 so that's up 3 lb uh in a week on the cruise so um and I think that scale reads a little heavy anyway I think we decided that scale was maybe one pound heavier than our scale at home so all right two three pounds it's I've I've been eating like I've I don't think we've missed a meal although I just had a banana this morning for breakfast because after you know weighing and seeing the result I was like maybe a better uh real a little bit but um on the cruise we eat breakfast lunch dinner I try to focus on protein uh they have a lot of eggs available a lot of Greek yogurts a lot of lean meats they the salad bar here is fantastic um but really I've not really gone toward the salad bar because there's so many other great choices and stuff we don't usually have at home they have a really nice Indian food section so I've been trying some of that the uh chicken tikka masala and some tandoori chicken I had last night was really really good um so yeah I I try to stay active on the cruise as much as possible so I've done a couple classes in the gym they've had some Zumba classes on the pool deck I've done a few of those uh we walk we're getting in our steps every day Lord knows we did some fun excursions we went snorkeling um we I posted some pictures of that on my Facebook the snorking this was one of the better excursions we've done and we've done almost 30 crises at this point yeah was on like this wooden kind of it wasn't a true sailing ship but it looked like a sailing ship there was only 18 people on the ship held 100 people they could have had a lot more on there so it was very personalized um the waters were this was in B the waters were beautiful and they had a rope swing you could kind of hang on and jump off the ship and all this stuff and yeah I mean I've said it before but 100 PBS lighter holy Cal this stuff is so much more accessible so much more fun honestly a ship like this because it had a ladder up the side of it that was probably 10 steps 12 steps a few of the folks on that had a really difficult time getting up they helped them up but and I 100 lb ago I dreaded it it would have not been good yeah um that was in boner we booked it not through the cruise line but through vator Viator I never know how to S say that I know um and it was it was one of the best excursions it's not the best I think that we've ever been on and previously we've done these snorkeling things and you know you walk around in a swimsuit and is that really like the most comfortable thing for me no it's it's very uncomfortable for me and it always has been for me to walk around in a swimsuit I just kind of feel exposed there's you know you want to hide all the parts you don't like and um so I have bought some new swimsuits now that I've lost some weight um this one I have on is from Target it's super cute and there's some matching pants and it's a one piece so I wear this uh snorkeling and usually snorkeling I'd wear like a like a swim shirt too just for more coverage and I really didn't even think to put on the swim shirt um when when we were doing that so I still feel a little self-conscious I guess and that'll probably just stay with me probably Forever After you know battling my my weight for all these years growing up so um but I it did I did feel more confident I I did the the swing the swing it was like a trappy swing and you SW off the boat swing that's not a word SW is it a word sure but we were trying to see who could get the furthest out so you know you swing on the trappes and then you drop uh into the water and that's probably not something I would have attempted at you know 200 lbs um and who got the furthest out of us I'm sure you did I wasn't I wasn't trying I was just kind of Aller body it was you had to hold yourself up yeah I mean I you know I've been work I work out I did you know I work out I do some weight weights I'm like Bam Bam uh but no it was it was a lot you didn't drop like a rock like some of the folks just went flop yeah it was definitely a lot of fun and then in Aruba we took a um bus tour well before that we some viewers reached out to Christopher and said we'd love to meet you for coffee we see you're on a cruise coming to Aruba and we're in Aruba for the winter and oh by the way we live in the same Hometown as you and we're like wow that seems like we should meet so we met them very nice couple we met them for coffee in Aruba and um had a great chat with them and it was really nice to to meet some viewers another lady on the ship I was just walking around and she recognized me so now this is the second second time someone's recognized me and both times have been on cruise ships uh she said I looked skinnier in person oh yeah we saw her again last night uh in one of the bars before dinner um yeah she lives in Florida in The Villages so if you're watching hello um but it was it was really nice too so if you see us say hello out and about say hello um and I was chatting with her about stuff and she's like don't you want to like go somewhere you're like talking to me I'm like I could talk about weight loss every day forever so I love hearing people's stories and their struggles and and things like that so we're happy to chat so yeah so we are on the celebrity reflection which is the ship that will uh host the downsized to Sea cruise in June it's the downsized Cruise it's sponsored by Mochi uh it's June 23rd through 27th on the celebrity reflection which we're on right now but it'll go a different route it's a 4day cruise to Nassau and bimy in the Bahamas um so we'll do some we'll have swag bags from Mochi and from the downsized we'll do meet and greets with us and with some other uh YouTube personalities that might be joining us we might have a Mochi person joining us so I think right now we're up to about 50 people who uh have signed up for the cruise so if you'd like to join us for the downsize Cruise you can go to the downsize dorg to our website click on cruise and learn all the details there the rates start at $8.99 per person double occupancy um some rest restrictions apply so call our travel agent for the details and we're in an inter that's for an interior cabin and we're in an interior cabin uh very nice and this is this is the same one as we'll be on in June same ship same ship so um you know there's a lot of pluses for an interior cabin uh I find they're quiet they're dark to sleep at night cuz you you know no windows um and they the price is just usually so much less and I'd rather spend money on you know excursions or you know other things buy souvenirs or whatever around the ship um but I I love a balcony too so I love the balcony sit outside so you know both have their their pros and cons you just have to figure out what is more important uh for your vacation we'll have a lot of great stuff going on the good thing about us being on this is we've been able to see all the spaces and see the other things that are going on so like Lorraine's been doing a Zumba classic every day well she'll go Zumba with you guys if you want to do that as well um so there's a lot of good stuff that'll happen meet and greets and you know lots of great food and you get to meet everybody so please join us for the downsized aty Cru presented by Mochi it'll be a great time uh thank you Mochi for sponsoring the downsize Cruise thank you so next week uh the schedule will shift up a little bit and we'll do our live our regular live on Tuesday night uh so it'll be a regular live and we'll do a club downsize live on Tuesday night been trying to split them up because it's a little tiring but that's okay we'll get we'll get them all in on one day so we'll do Club Down Club downsized live and the regular live on Tuesday yep okay yeah and we'll watch for the I think it'll be Club downsized will be at six o'clock and then regular will be at 7 o'clock okay um so watch for that but I'll I'll post them on so if you click like and then click subscribe you'll be notified when we go live so make sure hit the like button like like like like like and then hit the Subscribe button and then after you subscribe if you hit that Bell icon then I think you actually it it'll alert you we we're having to tra change around because I think we're also going to be traveling next week correct so we'll be on official downsized business going to San Francisco California Wednesday through Saturday or Sunday probably yeah what are we doing there oh hard to say stay tuned but there some cool stuff yeah stuff we have some really um exciting uh news to share with you guys so we we don't want to like you know say it until everything is booked tickets are purchased for us and are we'll let you know cool stuff but uh yeah yeah um all right so you you did some workout classes this week too right I did I did a yoga class um the first the first day it's after we got on the first day was a c day so we had two c days and then three port days and now two c days and the first uh C day I went and did signed up for the yoga class now some of the classes on the ship you have to pay extra for which is really super annoying because if I've paid for this thing already I think everything should be included that's just my personal it's not ever like that though what's not ever like it's not everything ever everything no there's they are always wanting to sell you more stuff right in the spa in the gym and all over whatever stores whatever so I signed up for a class pass CU I thought I'd probably do like maybe a Class A day so I did that and the first day I did yoga um and it was really really it was a good class it wasn't that hard I think they just make it just for all levels of people that might wander in and and then today I did a hit class a high intensity interval train train training class is that H is that the and I walk in the guy's like okay grab grab some hand weights and I'm like what are we doing how heavy how heavy should I go and he didn't really say anything so I got some 10 pound weights and they were a little heavy for the for the Flies this way this way but other than that they were fine um and the had like six people in it um they also have uh you know the exercise bikes the stationary exercise bikes and one girl had a Pelon shirt and she said she had just gone in the room with the bikes it's a separate room for the bikes and just done a pelaton class I think like on her phone or something um I was like oh that's cool I haven't done they have a a group cycle class which I'd kind of like to do but they the times for those are like five p.m. I'm like 5 p.m. I'm ready to like shower and change and like have dinner and see the shows or whatever so and Christ and I do you know we do all the things we we go to trivia we see the shows I was answer trying to answer name that tune from the hot tub the other day on the pool deck and um I did not win a prize dang it was so close so close um so yeah we we do all the things we play the games we go to all the shows we um we participate yeah I I I want to stay active and there's a lot of people on this cruise that I think are just like hanging around on the lounge chair with their book and can absolutely do that too I might do a little of that this afternoon so um there's plenty of things for you to do if you want to do things and then plenty of places to like sit and chill if you feel like doing nothing all right so that's it for us this week so we're up a couple of pounds yeah on the cruise that's okay we'll be home on tomorrow's a c day and then and then we go home so um yeah once we get home I think we've got another Factor Meal box coming and so we'll go to that for dinners I'll get back to the gym with my regular gym stuff and uh it'll be fine I'm not really not really worried about it we brought our shots with us we traveled with our shot in our travel shot container that's also on our Amazon store if you want to check that out at the downsize and it's very easy TSA doesn't usually even pay don't care no one cares if they see it every day for insulin whatever that's like not even a big deal at all but you put it in your carry on you have to carry it on with you um all right I guess that's it so stay tuned you may have seen this uh on Friday we did a live on what the updates from the FDA and the OFA case no big updates honestly it was just kind of yeah we still think we're right uh there's more coming though so I would guess in the next week we'll we'll hear more from the court so stay tuned make sure you hit that like And subscribe button and hit the Bell that way it'll alert you when we go live because if the judge is saying something of the court case is saying something I promise you we will be there live to tell you what's going on we deeply appreciate you being a part of the downsized if you haven't already hit like And subscribe and we'll see you if you want to join Club downside we have a join button down below you can click that when we're done and it'll tell you all about how to support us further all of our content is free but we're trying to um become full-time YouTubers doing this downsize stuff so uh we would appreciate your support you get like a fun Emoji you can uh set go to the separate Facebook group that I have for Club downsize you can go to our separate live things that we have just for Club downsize members so thank you to everyone out there who's been a member of Club downsized we appreciate your support well that's it for us today I'm Christopher Durham I'm Lorraine Durham we are the downsized thank you very much

- My Experience With Ozempic: Pros, Cons, & Side Effects!: Kind: captions Language: en I didn't want to do this I didn't want to make a video about oympic especially me being a full-time fat loss coach I felt like that could have had a lot of repercussions and I didn't want to deal with the negative comments or the negative opinions of people but I decided you know what if I'm going to be open and honest about my own fat loss Journey that I've shared for the last 20 years then I need to disclose everything I've struggled with binge eating for most of my life and I'm going to make a video on that in the future if you want to be notified when I drop that video you know please subscribe below this way you will know when that video drops but I struggle with binge eating ever since I started my weight loss Journey so when I started my weight loss journey I did it in a very unhealthy way I was severely undereating I was overexerting myself with exercise and I lost 100 lbs in about 6 months but I did it the wrong way I developed a really bad binge eating disorder I would go really hard during the week with my workouts and my nutrition but then on the weekend I would binge really really bad and that pattern of behavior really stayed with me for most of my teens and and even 20s when I did my first bodybuilding show at the age of 18 I went six straight months with no cheat meals no sweets no snacks I was fully committed but then right after the show finished I gained about 30 lbs within a month because I was just binging night after night after night I felt like a runaway train I just couldn't stop about 5 years ago I was binging really bad one night on a jar of peanut butter after I ate all the peanut butter I went to bed I woke up at about 4:00 in the morning in excruciating pain I felt like I was being stabbed in my abdomen by a bunch of knives I was really really concerned really worried so I drove myself to the hospital as soon as I got there they took me back they began to ran some tests on me and they didn't ultrasound and an ultrasound revealed that my gold bladder was about to rupture so they scheduled emergency surgery and I'll never forget the doctor came into my room right after surgery you know telling me surgery was a success everything was good but he told me he's like if you would have waited a few more hours to come see us there's a good chance your gold bladder would have ruptured and you would be dead hearing this from him it made me really really worried because it was no longer just about looking a certain way and managing my binge eating disorder to look ripped or look lean but now I was having some really serious health repercussions so I was really really scared and I knew I had to manage this moving forward having had my gold bladder just taken out I sought out therapist food therapists which I didn't even know was a thing until I started Googling them and that didn't really work for me I went and sat down I I just couldn't identify why I was binging all I knew was I liked food I liked the way it tasted I liked the pleasure I got from it so I did it that was really all I could figure out so I went to my doctor and I asked him if there was any medication I could take or anything that would curb my Cravings curb my urges to and that's when he suggested OIC now again this was 5 years ago so right now OIC is all the CRA all of the celebrities are taking it back then this was primarily just a diabetes medication and that's what OIC is it was really created to help manage blood sugar levels but they found that all of the patients that were taking OIC were also losing massive amount of weight so they said okay well this has some great weight loss application hence which is where we are today with the craze of people taking OIC now my doctor put me on OIC I started taking it and the way OIC works is it really just keeps you full so it slows gastric emptying which means that when you eat food it takes longer for the food in your stomach to digest so think about it if it's taking longer to digest then you're not going to want to go stuff your face and eat right the problem with those emic is when you try to overeat or if you try to stuff your face you get really really sick and you get really nauseous and you have some really serious stomach issues which is what I had on OIC so with OIC you are essentially taking a shot once a week so you take an insulin needle you really don't feel it and you do this shot of the medication once a week and in the beginning you notice it right away especially for me I was someone as a kid where I was told to finish all the food on my plate so I had never left a meal not having devoured everything in front of me and this was the first time in my life being on OIC was when I would stop eating about halfway through my meal so I immediately began to notice the positive benefits of it and it really helped curve my urges to binge and go overboard with my eating so I thought okay this is great this is exactly what I've been looking for now with OIC you have to titrate your doses up every single week you might start by injecting 15 milliliters then 20 the next week then 0 25 because your body begins to pretty much get used to the dosage you're taking and what I began to notice was as I started to titrate my doses a little bit higher each week I would start to get really really nauseous especially when I would work out I remember being in the gym being in the middle of a set and literally feeling the urge to go find the nearest trash can and just throw up and for me training is something I really enjoy so to have my training hindered by feeling nauseous like that was a horrible horrible experience another thing I noticed on OIC was I had really really bad constipation now some people have a lot of gastrointestinal problems on it some people have diarrhea some people have constipation everyone's a little bit different I can only speak on what I experienced but my constipation was really really bad I remember sitting on the toilet it was almost like trying to squeeze a grapefruit through a a straw like it was painful every single time I started to think to myself why am I doing this why am I taking these injections every week why am I putting myself through feeling nauseous almost every morning feeling nauseous almost every workout having really bad constipation to the point where I had to take laxatives almost every single day which would cause diarrhea and the thing with laxatives if you've never taken them before is when you take one you don't know when it's going to hit so I might be in my car or at the store and then all of a sudden have to get home because I had explosive diarrhea probably too much information but it is what it is I was really scared to get off OIC because I thought okay well once I get off the medication what's going to happen am I going to regain all the weight are my urges and Cravings going to come back and the truth is the habits I was forming on OIC was actually helping me because now I was forming the habits of not having to feel like I had to finish all the food on my plate I was limiting the binges because if you try binging on OIC you're going to get sick to your stomach I was able to stop myself from overeating so I said you know what I'm going to get off the medication and see how I do and the truth is when you form these habits long term they have a really positive role I knew I didn't want to be on OIC forever but I was really scared to get off OIC because I thought I might revert back to my patterns of binging and overeating and I thought I was going to gain weight at an excessive rate because this medication had been helping me for the past months but what I began to realize was I had developed all of these habits that helped me to avoid binging and helped me to not feel like I had to eat every single piece of food on my plate and the OIC did help with that but once I got off OIC I realized that you know what I do have the power and the ability to not binge whereas before I had never gone more than a week without binging so it was more of a habitual pattern of behavior that I was following just because it was habit so having been on OIC all this time I realized it wasn't so much the medication it was more forming the habits and realizing and understanding the patterns of behavior that I was following that made me realize I do have the power to say no to food I do have the power to get up from the table and not have to eat every single bit of food in front of me I do have the power to not binge eat or feel like I'm a slave to my food addiction so a lot of it was just identifying certain patterns of behavior and not doing those things anymore now I'm not going to tell you to take OIC or not take OIC because only you can make that decision I'm not a doctor I'm not a license health professional and I would never endorse any type of medication like anything in life nothing is 100% bad or 100% % good so you have to make your own decision I can only share with you what I've experienced on the medication myself now one thing I will tell you having worked with a lot of clients who have taken OIC more people end up in a worse situation on OIC than when they started because when they start they lose a lot of weight but they usually end up losing a lot of body fat a lot of muscle tissue and a lot of bone density so most people's body fat percentage actually increases while they're losing weight because they're losing so much muscle because they simply can't eat so most people are malnourished it's like a lot of the people that have the bariatric stomach surgery that have their stomachs shrunken often time they have malnourishment issues because they simply can't consume more than 800 calories a day and that's exactly what OIC does but without the surgery so one thing I would advise if you decide you wanted to go on the medication make sure you're following a proper healthy lifestyle make sure you're getting your protein make sure you're weight training make sure you're living a healthy lifestyle because if you're just doing this just to lose weight I promise you you're going to end up regaining the weight and going right back into destructive pattern of behavior that got you to be overweight in the first place so again everyone has to make their own decision I'm not endorsing OIC I'm not 100% against OIC I think it has certain positive applications but also just realized there's a lot of negative associations with taking the drug and a lot of negative side effects as well and the truth is we don't have enough long-term studies to know what this is going to do to people 10 20 years down the road you're an adult so make an informed decision again this video just serves for me to share my story with you and be as open and honest on my health Journey because it's the truth is I'm always wanting to understand and try different things and I want to share those experiences with you so thank you for allowing me to do that today if you liked this video please like And subscribe to the channel and if there's something else you want me to talk about or if there's a topic or a fitness subject that you've been struggling with drop it in the comments below and I will make a video on that topic thanks for tuning in talk soon

- WARNING Do NOT take Ozempic or Mounjaro until you watch this: Kind: captions Language: en for the most part glp-1 Agonist drugs that are used for type 2 diabetes and weight loss things like ozempic wigovi and Manjaro these are incredible drugs and I'm seeing great things happen to my patients who are overweight or obese or have type 2 diabetes and amazing to see how these drugs just they just make an incredible impact in people's lives all you have to do is watch some Tick Tock videos to see some people losing 60 to 100 pounds with these drugs and how much this exponentially improved their happiness and self-confidence now overall they do a great job of causing people to not only lose weight mostly by reducing cravings and they're overall very very safe they even improve insulin resistance they lower blood pressure they lower cholesterol lower triglycerides they reduce inflammation and they protect against heart disease not to mention many women with polycystic ovarian syndrome PCOS experiencing improvement with these drugs now the biggest issue that most people have with them is the cost since most insurance plans don't cover them people usually have to pay out of pocket which costs on average fifteen hundred dollars per month depending on which drug you're talking about which is basically the cost of renting a two-bedroom apartment so most people they can't afford that but there is an alternative way of getting these drugs at a much lower cost as long as you know how to navigate this wild west detour and when I say Wild West detour I'm referring to getting these drugs from a compounding pharmacy most people don't understand what a compounding pharmacy is or what it does so let's talk about that especially because people can run into a lot of danger if they let's say they click on a link that brings them to a telemedicine company and the next thing you know they're doing a brief telemedicine video consultation with most likely a physician assistant or a nurse practitioner that they've met before who then prescribes them this weight loss drug that comes from a compounding pharmacy next thing you know within a few days they have this prescription drug sitting at their doorstep they open up the box and it's a vial that's filled with a liquid containing the drug some magnetide also known as ozempic also known as vigoving or in some cases they're getting terzapati which is also known as Manjaro so they open up the box and they find the syringes and the needles in there they then put the needle into the bottle into that vial they draw up the liquid with that syringe and that that liquid drug goes into the syringe they then inject it into their body anywhere where there's fat they can inject it so typically it's belly fat into the shoulders or even the butt or the thighs that's where it can be injected in fact if you don't have any fat on your body to inject it that's a sign that you shouldn't be taking this drug so is there anything wrong with this well it depends you see in this quest for people to get their hands on these drugs some patients are seeking out Telehealth platforms medical spas and compounding pharmacies for some are talenting as generic versions of these drugs but the company that makes somaglitide the company that makes ozepik is Novo Nordisk and they do not sell some magnetite for compounding purposes in the generic form of the drug approved by the FDA doesn't exist there are roughly 7 500 compounding pharmacies in the United States so compounding involves mixing and altering drugs basically customizing them for patients for their specific needs for example someone who is allergic to an ingredient in that medication might require a reformulated version another example is if someone let's say needs a very specific dose of a medication often is the case with chemotherapy well the compounding pharmacy will modify the dose perfectly tailored for what that patient needs compounding pharmacies have been doing this long before ozempic in Manjaro came out because the FDA currently lists ozempic and Manjaro as currently in shortage that means compounding pharmacies are allowed to buy these drugs from pharmaceutical ingredient manufacturers and then compounded into an injectable medication that they dispense so they typically with these compounding pharmacies will do is they typically also mix it with vitamin B6 or vitamin B12 or a metabolic compound called L-Carnitine which limited research has shown May contribute towards weight loss but when it comes to vitamin B6 and vitamin B12 and totally that might actually reduce the side effects of nausea and vomiting all of this is perfectly legal so long as the FDA lists these drugs as currently being in shortage which as of right now at the time of the making of this video is the case but some and I want to emphasize some not all compound and pharmacies are Distributing a different active ingredient altogether called somaglatide sodium which is the salt form of somaglitide now in recent weeks Regulators have raised concerns about some magnetized sodium which is sometimes sold as a research chemical some magnetized sodium does not appear to meet standards for compounding in federal law in part because the substance is not part of any FDA approved medication and because of how widespread it is this is getting the attention of government officials the FDA does not vet compounded medications and is not reviewed approved or tested for safety or Effectiveness the somagneti drugs that compounding pharmacies offer now with that said there are a lot of great compounding pharmacies out there that take great patient care every single day but there's some Bad actors at the end of April of this year the FDA as well as the National Association of boards of Pharmacy they're aware that Compounders might be using salt forms of some aglotide now functionally when some magnetized sodium is dissolved in water the sodium ion it separates from that somaglitide molecule leaving some magnetide and an extremely small amount of sodium but there isn't data that demonstrates whether some magnetized sodium is safe for consumers or even whether it's effective it might be but it might not be we just don't know in their statement they're saying that drug manufacturers have become aware of the practice of using some magnetized salts for compounding and made choose to initiate legal proceedings to combat this practice so Novo Nordic they're now taking action including but not limited to issuing cease and desist letters against entities that are engaging in the unlawful sale of compounded somagotide or disseminating false advertising and infringing on its trademarks some of these compounding pharmacies they're trying to make a buck for sure but compounding pharmacies the good actors they're attempting to fill a void in the market trying to meet a huge demand for many people whether it's for type 2 diabetes or for obesity so if you're going to get these drugs from a compounding pharmacy make sure you get it from a legit one and I'm going to give you four tips on how to do exactly that tip number one is make sure that a real board certified licensed physician who is experienced with these medications is the one who's prescribing it to you tip number two under federal law compounding pharmacies can compound drug products only with active ingredients that that come from facilities that are registered with the FDA so make sure that the compound and Pharmacy is registered with the FDA tip number three in the case of some maglotide make sure you're not getting some magnetized sodium it's just some magnetite so if it's sodium there don't go with that one and finally tip number four my recommendation is to ask this very important question of is the compounding pharmacy licensed to ship sterile compounds to all 50 states because if the answer is yes you can feel much better about the drug that is being shipped to your door now if you're someone who's interested in losing weight in improving your metabolic health and you want a consultation with me I'm going to put a link right here or maybe it's on this side I'm not sure I'm going to put a link right on the screen for you to click on and there there you can actually book the appointment and also if you want to know more about how these drugs actually affect the body and how they work in the body I highly recommend checking out this video right here

- My Horrific Experience with Ozempic: Kind: captions Language: en hey kids back at it again with another serious video I'm just kidding it's not going to be that serious but I do want to talk so if you consume content of any form whether you're an avid YouTube Watcher a Tik Tok scroller an older gentleman watching the Powerball in the news uh chances are you've probably heard about a new diabetes medication that is literally sweeping the nation and it is called OIC oh oh oh by defin OIC is an anti-diabetic medication used for the treatment of type 2 diabetes and an anti-obesity medication used for long-term weight management the active ingredient is something called semaglutide some people say semaglutide but in my opinion they put the empasis on the wrong cabable and there are several brands that make their own version of the drug and they all contain that important ingredient simul glutide so there's OIC which seems to be the most popular there is wovi there is one called r BSIS I think and then there's also this other one taking over called mojarro which has something else it has some other stuff so it's a little different but similar so just some quick background information skip ahead if you want I totally understand there are a heck ton of celebrities who are rumored keyword rumored to be on this drug currently Kim Kardashian Adele Mindy Kaling Rebel Wilson Elon Musk although he may have admitted to taking it I can't remember basically any celebr that you have seen suddenly become skinny within the last year or two the rumors are that they are taking this drug I think it's kind of weird to like publicly state that somebody is on a drug even if you say that you're not sure because it definitely sways public opinion and you can't possibly know for sure who's taking it so that's a little weird but here we are it's actually insane I've never seen anything like this drug in my lifetime personally you know it used to be my entire life walking through the checkout lane of the grocery store reading People magazine covers it was always about celebrity breakups and their love lives and Scandals Etc and now it's all about whether or not certain celebrities are taking OIC many people many many people label this drug as an absolute Miracle a life-saving drug both for people with diabetes and those without who just you know struggle with obesity it was created for diabetics but has now evolved to where everybody and their almond mom who wants to lose 3 lbs uh are taking it it is so popular in fact and sweeping the nation so sweepy that there is now a shortage of the medication meaning the diabetic patients for whom it was originally created are struggling to get it because labs are running out of it I guess they can't keep up with the demand and while the intro of this video may come across as though I'm judging people who are taking it or that I'm like opposed to this drug I'm not at all as you probably have noticed by the title I took it to for 17 weeks is it was like November 28th of last last year to March 21st of this year I think I could be slightly off with the dates but I think March 21st was my last injection and now that it's been a couple months and I've been off the drug I feel very strongly that I want to talk to you guys about this I debated it heavily but I feel like this could be helpful to some people because you know have you ever been in like a super toxic relationship whether it was a friendship a romantic relationship or you had like a super toxic family member and you couldn't see how toxic and dysfunctional the relationship was until you created distance like you had to get away from that person for more than a few weeks to realize oh my gosh he was a literal abusive lunatic you know that is how I feel about OIC my personal experience and I feel like we should chat about it today after a quick word from today's sponsor have you ever thought about like what your signature style is I'm sure you have everybody has their style you know maybe you're emo maybe you're goth maybe you look like you're straight out of a Pinterest board maybe you're '90s grunge maybe maybe maybe you're more of like Lumberjack meets David Bowie we all have a signature style but do you have a signature scent something we don't think about very often right we all need our signature scent we all want to have that scent that when our friends and loved ones smell when they're not around us they say hey that smells just like my Aunt chrysanthemum hey is Uncle Billy nearby I I smell cousin Trish hide the live left love signs you know what I mean I really want you all to have your signature sent and right now it's easier than ever with today's sponsor s bird freaking gosh this smells good so s bird is actually a fragrance subscription service so you get a new fragrance in the mail every month and their mission is to empower all of you to express yourselves through scent you get to choose a new designer fragrance every month for just $17 they have perfumes colog unisex options Indie Brands designer Brands literally everything you want but let me just tell you what I got this month as usual it's impossible to choose my favorite I think this is my favorite this is by Floral Street and it is called sunflower pop friends if you want to smell like the summerest summer girl poor boy this is going to be your new best friend it's a blend of fresh Mandarin burst of sustainably sourced calarian bergal and a pop of balini Accord also got not your girl by deck of scarlet deck of scarlet perfumes are always 10 out of 10 this is a little bit more sophisticated more sensual rum Jasmine cardamom pachuli delicious and we also got L by sicy this one smells expensive the new packaging is so Stellar you just give it one little turn to spray open it right up to remove or replace the vial and they look so beautiful in your purse you get a full 30-day Supply so you can really try out a scent before committing to you know a $500 fulls sizee bottle so if you are interested in finding your signature scent in the easiest way possible and you want to try simper you can use my code Jamie french2 ats.com which will save you 55% off your first month at simper F it's a new code Jamie French 2 be sure to spell my first name right so you can make sure you get your 55% off at se.com thank you so much to Seer for continuously supporting my channel sponsoring a portion of today's video and now back to the show hey kids we're back I'm so tempted to start everything off with my long boring drawn out backstory of disordered eating and dieting and Trauma and everything that led me toar I am today but perhaps another time I'm more concerned right now about warning you is some of like the physical and mental side effects of this drug and I don't want to keep you here for 6 hours so as I said I started OIC or the a generic form of OIC in November of last year because surprise surprise I wanted to lose body fat I know that there is an entire community of people on Tik Tok who will label me as fat phobic for that for wanting to lose body fat and you go right ahead and call me that you make the rules actively not wanting to be fat is indeed fat phobic very quick history lesson of why I wanted to try this drug like most overweight people I have always struggled to lose body fat uh calorie deficits literally don't work for me at least not longterm sometimes they briefly work but then they stop I work out often my patrons who see my Vlogs or even if you've just been around long enough to remember when I used to Vlog on this channel you guys know I work out nothing makes a measurable difference yeah y yada well this seemed like a very promising solution but yet I was absolutely opposed to trying it just because I've done this so many times throughout the last 33 years where some miracle comes along and I'm visibly seeing people that I know lose weight and have success with it and I get my hopes up and I'm like hey that's going to work for me and of course it doesn't so I I'm kind of at the age now where I'm like I'm not doing that anymore but this one got me but I was also opposed because of hearing about the side effects number one that you are not supposed to take it if you have a history of thyroid cancer which I do but I believe it's a different type so that one is like papillary and mine was medular or maybe it's maybe it's vice versa papillary I had a papillary carcinoma yeah so this drug causes could potentially cause a meary thyroid tumor that freaked me out but my doctor was ultimately the one who kind of not convinced me but made me relax about it a little bit she felt like because I also have a condition called PCOS which causes blood sugar and Insulin problems and can eventually lead to diabetes she felt like semaglutide could help me she also has like at the time it was only 20 other patients on it who knows how many of her patients are taking it now all of her patients were shedding body fat like crazy and doing great and finding success with no side effects and she really seemed to think it would be fine and she has you know firsthand seen like the emotional struggle that I go through trying to get my weight off so she was optimistic I also got some I would say light or minimal pressure from family members not anything super toxic but it was more like same thing they see me struggling day in and day out and it was kind of like hey maybe maybe this would help you so I gave in my doctor found a compounding pharmacy that made their own version of the drug they basically took the active ingredients semaglutide added B12 which also helps you lose weight helps your mood Etc I was already getting shots of B12 so I'm like okay sure let's try it side note I do not believe per se that my generic version of the drug is the reason that it didn't work for me because like I said all of my doctors other patients are doing great and that it all came from this compounding pharmacy also I found several doctors on social media who also promoted the generic form the the active ingredient is the important thing of semaglutide so I got my first injection and immediately I got some very serious trigger warning side effects in the form of diarrhea Fu away now I have suffered from a condition called lymphocytic colitis for like 12 years I would say maybe longer I don't even know at this point so I am no stranger to that but my colitis had actually been in remission since like late 2020 is around the time where I healed my GBL the kitis also went into remission around that time so to be in remission with kitis for almost 3 years only to be hit with a literal poop storm the day after starting this drug I was pretty confident that that I knew it was the drug causing it and may I just say if any of you have Colitis or Crohn's or anything like that you know the absolute agony meaning pain that it physically causes in your intestines well buy or beware because that pain has nothing on o zic I mean I spent years every time I went to the bathroom when like colitis was at my worst just hunched over in agony moaning in pain like salivating always about to throw up from pain I did not ever imagine it could get worse than that and on OIC it was worse but worse than that even Not only was the pain much worse like I said which I didn't think was even possible but I was also suddenly unable to always control my self uh meaning on more than one occasion I pooped my literal pants it's funny but it's not funny you know what I mean in my shorts mind you all friends okay this was the bare minimum dose this is is like the tiny little dose that you start off with before you work work up to the therapeutic dose so I believe I was on 025 at this time and this was the reaction I had to the smallest dose possible I keep thinking about ambern Reed she gets ripped apart on social media I mean 24 hours a day somebody's making a video about her I happened to catch some of her content when she was on OIC and it was giving her stomach problems and gallbladder problems and people didn't believe her and we like oh you're just using that as an excuse to go off of it I believe it was no joke now my doctor was closely monitoring me she wasn't exactly sure there's no real way to be sure that it was the OIC I mean it seemed like it was but you never know and not one of her other patients were having this side effect so she was like I I don't know why it would be causing you so many issues and I do have a history with colitis like I said so she thought there was a chance it could be a coincidence and I had the same thoughts like I thought it was the drug but then I was like well maybe it's not I don't know because I was really really enjoying the other good side effects if you will of the drug first and foremost the reduction in my appetite man I miss that part so much I'm sorry if that's triggering to you hopefully the disclaimer at the beginning filtered anybody out that can't hear things like that but I have been a pretty consistent 1,700 to 18800 calorie Queen for a good while now but it's still always a mental struggle like if I really let myself do whatever I wanted I would probably eat like 2500 calories a day I'm hungry okay or sometimes not hungry enough like sometimes even meeting the the you could you do you know 1,800 or whatever 1700 is a struggle cuz some days we all have those days where we just don't feel like it so either way it was a mental struggle but OIC gave me this Quiet Mind where I literally never thought about my calorie intake again I want to stress I don't have the best and most balanced habits when it comes to food so I don't want you to take any of my advice but again what I liked was the quiet I felt very comfortable at like 14,500 calories I always track everything in my little n app like just because I like to know it's just a habit that I formed but I didn't have that food anxiety that I've had most of my life where it's like did I eat enough did I eat too much should I eat in 2 hours should I not oops my stomach growled like oh my gosh I didn't get ahead of my Hunger you know what I mean like I just all of that was gone my mind was quiet it was incredible and it happened pretty quickly because of the appetite suppressing nature of the drug so at this point I was still staying positive um I was also sleeping really good like literally within the first dose I remember laying down for bed that night and waking up in the exact same position which is probably because it helps stabilize your blood sugar who knows but the good parts were good enough for me to deal with the dissenter so now by this point I am down the OIC rabbit hole on Tik Tok and I'm watching all of these women's fat cells just melt away melting off they're sleeping better too I saw a lot of girls say like oh I sleep so much better some of them had side effects too but I kept hearing this recurring thing which is the side effects will go away as your body adapts to the drug well guys spoiler alert mine didn't I stayed on that dose for 5 weeks the plan was to stay on that dose for four but we gave it an extra week cuz I was afraid to move up and dose because of the horrible side effects so five weeks on 0.25 and then when it was time to bump up to 0.5 we started doing the injection in my arm instead of my abdomen because I I heard a lot of people on social media say that the side effects were much more tolerable in the arm and actually that worked for like 2 weeks at least I think it did it's kind of hard in hindsight now because I know I was guzzling Pepto-Bismol and taking em modium like they were candy but at least it seemed like it was it was making a difference so then my doctor asked how I would feel about switching to a more concentrated formula meaning exact same drug exact same formula just a little bit more concentrated in my mind that means less water but I don't actually know cuz I'm not a scientist the advantage of that would be you could inject the same dose with a smaller amount of fluid instead of like injecting a vial this big and it is more cost effective because your vial lasts longer etc etc and I said sure and I said sure I said sure and as soon as we switched to the more concentrated formula mind you we kept the same dose equivalent so whatever the equivalent of5 mg was in this concentrated formula that's what we did and as soon as I switched to the concentrated formula the diarrhea came back full force with a Vengeance as well as a new symptom gallbladder pain uh if you've been around for a while you know my heinous experience with gallbladder disease you know how big the struggle was to heal my gallbladder this was apart from the thyroid cancer this was actually like my biggest concern there were a few reports of pancreatitis and gallbladder issues when they did the clinical trials for this drug and with my history I was very very afraid of this but again and I just kept holding out hope that my body would adjust and my doctor said that it the drug delays gastric emptying so food stays in your stomach longer than it normally would and so that could cause your uh gallbladder to squeeze more often than normal and I was like okay yeah then it just needs to adjust to the new normal I started my milk thistle again bumped up my selenium my Dr BG gallblader supplements continued my healthy diet continued my exercise I'm like it's fine it'll pass it's fine I've dealt with this before now this is probably early January is okay so six weeks is in and to add a beautiful layer of frosting to this poop cake I had not lost in 6 weeks one single ounce even with the significant reduction in my appetite the stabilization of my blood sugar and the basically having dissenter I would think the diarrhea alone would uh make somebody lose an ounce but not me but like I said I've been down this road a million times it's been a struggle my whole life I was like it's going to work I'm not on the therapeutic dose yet all of these people in my family yes I have multiple people in my family who were on this drug who were at like 20 lb off by the 6 week Mark all these people on Tik Tok who had lost 20 and 30 lbs by the 6 week Mark they are all unicorns and I knew it would be harder for me because of my thyroid problems my PCOS and my uh daddy issues so still staying positive at this point end of January it was time to bump it up to 75 and in hindsight I see now that that is when the anxiety started the good sleep I was getting in the beginning instantly vanished like that night and it was replaced by my normal insomnia but 800 times worse my Apple watch my Apple I wish I had it sitting here it would tell me like you got 3 hours of sleep last night are you alive are you okay my heart rate would constantly Spike throughout the night and it was all anxiety I would be dead asleep and just wake up gasping from impend in Doom and again this is hindsight I didn't really attribute this to the drug I've always had anxiety I've always had depression I've always struggled with sleep and I was like oh it's just kind of coming back a lot worse for some reason the injections were just part of my life at this point and I had to many other things to worry about you know paying my employees getting my content out on time write shoot edit repeat going to my meanings being a wife being an aunt living my normal life you know what I mean I don't got time to investigate stuff by this point the stomach pain like the gallbladder pain was getting a little worse and a little more frequent I was having that signature pain that I would know anywhere a couple people were like maybe it's not your gallbladder oh no a mother knows and I am my gallbladder mother it was starting to become after eating or drinking anything sometimes even water and I just kept Trucking I loved the reduction in appetite I loved the you know not thinking about eating at all and I also loved that I was not gaining anything any of you who have PCOS you know that if you live just like a normal Balanced Life and kind of eat healthy and balanced and kind of like what other people around you were eating if you just live a normal life you will gain by the day so on OIC when it came to food only when it came to food I felt like I could relax a little bit mentally and that in my mind was counterbalancing like the crippling anxiety that it caused in every other aspect of life hindsight man it's it's 20 it's better than 2020 hindsight is 2010 I see it all so clearly now so week after week passed still no appetite still no relief from the diarrhea still no relief from the stomach pain and still no weight loss zero goose egg there were even times where I would chat with my doctor's other patients like if we were in the waiting room or I think there was one time where like I came to get my injection as one girl was leaving and they were always like woohoo down 30 lb week 12 and I'm over here like just waiting on my first ounce it's coming I know it's com it so it was finally time to do the therapeutic dose of 1 milligram and at this point the stomach pain was kind of getting unbearable like first it was at certain meals then it was eating or drinking anything at this point it was upon waking as soon as I would get up and move my body at all I would have gallbladder pain which is exactly what happened to me a few years ago meaning something was inflaming and irritating it so I made a separate doctor's appointment like not related to the OIC at all my gut said it was like real deep down but I I could couldn't access those thoughts my my thoughts were up here because I was just distracted and blinded by the desire for weight loss again I'm not a very balanced person I don't want you to take my advice so she ordered some tests at this appointment I feel like we went over blood work it's hard for me to remember every detail but this was when she told me that I needed to cut out Dairy and she is not the first doctor to have told me this I had testing done several years ago with a functional medicine doctor who literally tested my poop and it came back that I had a reaction to every single component of dairy like the Whey the casine the lactose and whatever the other one is and I was like all right say no more I should have listened before I'm an adult now I went dairyfree full-blown dairyfree still am and I'm like this is it okay this was the Magic Bullet this was The Missing Link this is where the magic happens and like I said this was right at the time where I finally bumped up to the therapeutic dose of siml glutide which is 1 milligram and lo and behold I finally lost my first 3 lb and isn't it funny that I attributed that to the drug and not the massive change to my diet meaning cutting out Dairy anything good that happened at all I'm like it's OIC it's OIC yeah anything bad that happened I'm like it's anything other than o so while simultaneously feeling very excited over the first three lounds I had lost in I don't know 2 years the pain in my stomach reached unbearable levels I couldn't wear leggings I had to walk around with my leggings like below my butt all the time and my husband was always like this happening you 3 years ago I was afraid to go to certain functions meetings with my congregation family events Nicks concerts Etc literally because I was afraid of pooping my pants stop pooping could not sleep to save my life it's actually kind of amazing to me that I maintained my upload schedule and made most of my sponsor deadlines over the last few months the will to pay my employees is just trumps trumped everything at the same time though I'm a high functioning depressive person I show up I put a smile on my face you can't really see the endless laps around the anxiety pool that I'm taking in my mind so I just I just kept truing but then the camel's back finally broke yeah there was a straw and it broke it I ate some turkey jerky at the studio it was like a late night upload day where I just was hungry and grabbed whatever was there and I had a fullblown gallb attack like I'm talking the kind I used to have 3 years ago when I was at my sickest before I healed my gallblader but the funniest part of the story is that that straw actually didn't break my back I wasn't the camel it broke my doctor's I went in for my injection and she kind of looked at me and was like are you okay how are you feeling I said bad and I see now again in hindsight that probably the last like five times I saw her when I went in for my injection I was like just so forlorn and down and lethargic and unenergetic basically dying but I'm like I still need my injection normally we would do the injections in this one sort of common area of her office and at this time she took me back into her exam room where like none of the other staff was and she was like hey you don't feel good your anxiety is really high you're not sleeping you're having stomach issues and you're not losing weight let's try this let's take a break from the semaglutide for at least a few weeks and if if your symptoms resolve then we will know for sure that it was the drug and it wasn't just a coincidence and I was so embarrassed but I had no control and I just bald in her office cuz it was the moment I had to admit what I knew all along which is that this drug while it seems to work for every other person on the planet it didn't work for me and of course I know that that's um that's not the case that's like dramatic thinking but that's how it felt you know when you're going through something it wasn't just that it wasn't working for me it was physically and mentally harming me so I even asked her I was like wait wait wait it just started to work I think I was down even like 4 lbs at that point ooh in 17 weeks and her response was I think it's entirely possible that that 4 lb loss is probably something that you are doing and it probably would have occurred anyway you know the cutting out the dairy if I feel like if you cut out Dairy it automatically kind of changes you a little bit like if you have a food allergy you retain a little bit of water you can have some weight loss resistance you have a little bit more inflammation so I think it was probably probably that I don't know looking back I think maybe it was both I still think the drug could have been helping me a little bit but obviously the bad outweighed the good you know so I was like all right fine I agreed I called Nick on the way home and I told I I was still so confident that I would I would be able to start taking the drug again I'm like she just want I think these were all coincidence she you know is not comfortable with how it's affecting me but I think I'll probably switch to like mojarro or something after I even text my doctor the following Monday I actually think I still have the text and I was like I changed my mind I I don't want to go off it I already gained 4 lbs back can I have that drug back that was literally killing me you know this is this is why I'm not a good role model role model yes role model no anyway about 2 weeks after my last injection the diarrhea started to resolve it is now fully resolved thank you the stomach pains lingered a little while longer but they are completely gone now I'm sleeping better the struggle it's still struggle sleep will be a struggle for me probably indefinitely but it's so much better than it was I could make a video in and of itself about OIC anxiety there's so much to unpack and guys this actually doesn't even cover all of the random little symptoms I was having that I wasn't realizing was the drug the general feeling of being unwell and inflamed waking up sore and feeling instantly older like that happened and I just again kind of was like like maybe it's the drug and I was like nah it's not I would wake up in the middle of the night with horrible pain in both elbows and every single time I would be like oh I was sleeping weird random bouts of dizziness like weekly serious bouts of dizziness where I was like oh I guess I'm a little dehydrated today yeah maybe yeah maybe you're a little dehydrated a little bit you know cuz all the water in your body is exiting via your colon was frozen peas on there just random side effects that I wasn't even aware of and there's even more side effects that I didn't even experience because I didn't experience any significant weight loss so there's a huge thing going around the internet now called OIC face that I keep seeing Dodge the bullet there I suppose I don't know and again I know that this video is probably going to come across that I am anti- OIC or that I'm shaming the drug or those who take it it's truly and honestly not my intention I feel like if the drug works for you and you don't have uh side effects like this you know who you are and none of this would apply to you it really seems like this is a miracle drug for certain people people my goal here is to a empathize with anybody else that it didn't work for and to let you know that you're not alone because the disappointment level the disappointment level that this drug did not work is next level bad so I empathize but I also want to warn some of you who are considering the drug like maybe you're on the fence like I was and I'm not seeing a ton of people talking about the fact that it may not all be sunshine and roses for you personally My ultimate advice I guess if you are someone who ends up trying this drug is to trust your gut and no you know deep down if you didn't have a symptom before and it arose after you started the drug don't let don't be blinded by emotions you know think with your frontal lobe and not your emotions don't be like me don't poop your pants stop po all right I feel like that was very long-winded appreciate you hearing me out uh if you suck around I feel kind of good getting all that out it was been very very bottled up inside here very curious if any of you have similar exper or I'm curious about all of your experiences with OIC if you're comfortable let me know in the comments down below I'll be hanging out in the VIP lounge meaning the comment section to talk about it thanks again for listening I love you friends stay safe and stay hydrated and thank you again sber for sponsoring today's video don't forget use my code Jamie French 2 a check out to say 55% off your first first order and I'll see you next time [Music] my colitis has actually been my colitis had actually been my colitis also went and the colitis why am I saying my it's my client

- Tips to Help Manage Your #Ozempic Side Effects: Kind: captions Language: en tips to reduce ozempic side effects [Music] first off a disclaimer this is not intended as medical advice and it's not personalized to the individual patient so if you are experiencing side effects from your medication please speak to your prescribing physician so quick recap some agletide is the medication that is marketed and branded as ozempic at one milligram a week for diabetes and at 2.4 milligrams a week for weight loss branded as way Govi in this video let in general let's talk about some aglotide so the most common side effects with this medication are gastrointestinal or GI and these can include nausea constipation diarrhea gas and bloating and abdominal pain the number one thing you can do to help reduce these side effects is to cut back on your portion sizes most of my patients report they eat about half the portion sizes they were eating before and if you eat beyond the point of feeling full you're going to feel quite sick to your stomach so eat very slowly and stop as soon as you feel full in terms of how to change up your daily pattern of eating again most my patients do find that eating smaller more frequent meals throughout the day as opposed to a large meal at the end of the day can help reduce their symptoms I often remind them though that nausea can be a result of overeating but it can also be caused by leaving it too long between your meals so I always advise my patients to pack a small healthy snack to have on hand when they're out and about in case they start to feel nauseated or lightheaded when it's been too long since they last ate in terms of what foods to eat it's best to avoid foods that can cause gas things like beans and broccoli and artificial sweeteners and it's best to avoid very high fat foods and foods that are really high in sugar in terms of when to do your injection if you have a predictable work schedule say Monday to Friday I often tell my patients try injecting Friday night right before bed because if you're going to feel nauseated it does tend to be in the day or two after the injection and if you're at home and don't have to go to work that can make that more manageable some of my patients also report that injecting Smeg latid in their thigh as opposed to their abdominal area can help produce specifically the gastrointestinal side effects it's also really important to drink lots of water when you're on this medication because that can also help reduce the symptoms of constipation and remember that if you're having side effects early on the majority of them do resolve after one or two months as your body gets used to this medication but remember if you're still having concerning side effects best to speak to your physician because they can recommend over-the-counter remedies that can help make them more manageable or they might switch up and slow down your titration schedule or how quickly you increase the dose to help reduce side effects hope that helps

- The “Dark Side” Of Ozempic (HEALTH PROFESSIONAL EXPLAINS): Kind: captions Language: en if you take OIC or know someone that does you need to watch this video or at least share it with that person for those that don't know what OIC is it's a weight loss drug okay and it belongs to a class of drugs called glp1 Agonist and the specific drug OIC is actually known as semi glued which is the generic name for it there's a lot of different drugs that fall into the gp1 class and there's a lot of them that actually have different names for the same generic drug of semaglutide but in general what it does is it helps people who struggle with losing weight to Lose It by taking a different approach for many years we've had drugs that sort of sped up the calories out portion of the calories in calories out equation right so they were amphetamine based drugs that basically were causing accelerated activity to try to drop more calories and lose weight but they also came with a lot of really bad side effects this class is working more on the calories in portion of the equation so on controlling appetite at the neurological level at the central level trying to control your appetite and also by delaying gastric emptying so keeping the food that's in your stomach there longer leaving you feeling more full for a longer period of time hopefully leading to less calories taken in now there's two different names you might have heard if it wasn't OIC maybe you heard something called wovi and they are both semi glutide and they have different application so OIC actually has been out and approved since 2017 for type 2 diabe itics well goie is one that's been used more recently I think since 2021 which is for people who are overweight or deemed to be significantly overweight or obese so with a BMI greater than 30 so different populations same drug slightly different doses I believe but the same end effect great we're all good on that for those that have actually needed it this drug has been a GameChanger because as I said before it's produced the result people are looking for at at a lower risk to their overall health or with less side effects and again I think that sometimes people are quick to judge very overweight people who struggle with their weight and I have to say that I've even walked the line from time to time and I kick myself when I do of blaming someone's lack of dedication on the end result of them having a severe weight issue it it's not always that guys they could they could do the same things that we do in terms of showing up to the gym putting in the effort but they have such metabolic Mayhem going on that they can't escape that and nothing works and there needs to be something less judgment and more options for people who find themselves in that position and this drug is actually doing that so I think that's a great thing but with everything that brings good to the world there's often a you know misuse of that and there's no doubt that a large percentage of the people that are using this drug are doing so because they want to lose let's say 10 pounds for the vacation coming up not only has that caused sort of some issues for the people who actually need it there's a shortage of Supply uh the price has skyrocketed right the stocks are doubled in price these are things that happen when people sort of misuse or abuse the medications that were intended for other people however what makes this even more misguided is when you now consider the fact that the side effect of OIC and others in this class that doesn't get talked about enough is where your loss of weight is coming from because with these drugs there's a significant amount of loss of lean tissue of lean muscle mass that becomes a significant problem for anyone taking these drugs and it's something that you need to be aware of whenever you lose weight especially a significant amount of weight there's going to be a portion of that lost weight that comes from both body fat and from muscle however your job is to try to mitigate the amount of loss that comes from muscle tissue because that's the metabolic active portion of the equation here in a typical situation if someone is training and engaging in strength training along the way you want to minimize that loss of muscle contribution to let's say 8% of the total loss up to maximum let's say 15% the the lower the better there and the majority of that loss should come from body fat and when you're talking about even a more minimal loss of body weight you want to do this over for a long period of time because the longer you do this over the better control you have over that distribution of whether it be muscle or fat with these drugs the weight loss is significant and it's usually rather quick so your control over where it comes from is not as good but what makes it even more disturbing is instead of a 8 to 15% Max Muscle loss they were showing accelerated losses of muscle mass that went up to as high as 25 or 35% that's not good there is actually one study and only one study so far but it showed a middle-aged woman I believe she was 47 years old who developed severe rabdom mysis when taking semaglutide now rabom miysis is something that you often times hear about with let's say CrossFit like when you completely overdo your training severe overtraining and that causes a breakdown of muscle tissue that releases chemicals into the bloodstream that are indicative of this being present she was developing radom mysis from taking this drug now who knows what the connection was but we know that there's this accelerated lean muscle loss from taking the drug what is it doing to the muscle that's creating something like that when they removed the drug from her protocol the condition went away when they reintroduced semaglutide to her protocol the condition came back and she wasn't training this was rabom miysis that came from no induced training effect now in my world if someone asked me to help them lose weight if I create anywhere near a 25 to 35% loss coming from muscle i' get fired that's not good because what that's going to do is lead to that skinny fat physique right I promis you I'd come back to my world here skinny fat physique is what people ask me to get away from they don't want to have that look this is what it looks like here for those of you who are unaware it's a lower body weight person but not carrying any lean muscle mass that doesn't really look that good as it is again it's kind of like soft and skinny not a good look the problem that comes as a result of being skinny fat at the end of any weight loss attempt is that you have less metabolically active tissue to help you to hold off or fend off additional weight gain when you start to eat like you were before you started your diet or your weight loss attempt because inevitably that usually happens especially if you're not using a drug to sort of assist you in doing that that's a problem okay so we always want to maintain as much muscle mass as possible now I'm going to make this even worse throw in the equation here that aging presents some problems for us all there's an inevitable loss in both strength and muscle size as we get older and it can become more or less pronounced depending upon whether or not you're engaging in physical activity or regular strength training so what we normally see when people don't engage in any type of activity at all is a 30 to 50% total loss in strength and muscle size by the time they're in their 70s starting at the age of 30 that's a big steep decline that occurs between those few decades there if you lose that much strength and size you're going to have a worse quality of life when you're in your 70s guaranteed things that shouldn't be very difficult are going to be extremely difficult that being said if you engage in strength training as you should then you can lower that number down significantly you're still going to see a decline every decade but you can lower that down significantly your quality of life will improve so what does that bring us in terms of the overall picture well first of all every time you have the opportunity to train I always stress while cardiovascular endurance in training is so so important should be making up part of your conditioning and your overall plan for Fitness don't think that that's all you need to do it's just part of the equation you need to carve out a little bit more room in your life to maintain both your cardiovascular fitness and and your muscular health and that means you need to be strength training three times a week at least and trying to push yourself to improve your strength levels don't just accept your levels of strength or don't just Coast through your little workout or go through a circuit around the gym and think that you've accomplished what you've done if you're approaching the gym like I just need to be there and do a few things and move around not enough you need to have an intent in the effort needs to be there because that's the only way you're going to create the overload to maintain and maximize your strength as you age hold on to what you've got the first thing it does is it gives you metabolic forgiveness what that means is the more lean muscle you carry the more forgiving your body is metabolically so I could go out and have that cheap meal it's not going to affect me as much as it would if you don't carry as much muscle tissue because the muscle is the storage Depot for that overflow of glucose it gives you a lot of places to store it much more forgiving so the people who were jumping on OIC in the beginning who are looking to lose those 10 pounds engage in strength training instead regularly and hard and if you do you might be amazed at what you're able to accomplish without ever having to inject yourself with this new pen you need to consider that for the people that needed it it gives them more opportunity to actually get a hold of the drug because less people that don't need it are taking it from the inventory we don't want to do that and maybe it'll even help Drive the price down and help them out there too there's one other consideration that you need to make sure of though when you are on these drugs your nutrition plan should prioritize protein because protein is going to help you to maintain and build new lean muscle and so while you're on a calorie restricted diet because your hunger is being controlled and your calories are decreasing you don't want to let that take with it the proportion of those calories that are coming from protein as a matter of fact you want to make sure that you stress that the significant portion of those calories should come from protein some MDS are recommending between 25 and 30 grams of protein per meal to ensure that you're getting enough protein per day I would say for those taking the drug and even others who are engaging in physical activity that the one gram per pound of body weight is a pretty safe estimate for how much protein you should be getting in if you're on OIC or another semi glutide possibly you should be going even a little bit higher than that maybe 1.25 grams per pound of body weight but don't let the calorie restriction bring along with it a decrease in the overall amount of protein that you take I literally have a protein powder that we put 30 grams of protein in because I'm very aware of the fact that people don't often times get enough protein in unless they're diligent in doing it so putting 30 grams of protein is one of the industry leading amounts per serving it's important and now you certainly can invest in this and it's going to help you along the way but there's other options there too I'm not trying to turn this into a commercial but Pro 30g is basically my option for what I do to make sure I get enough in every single day and for those that I care about I will tell you this though guys without taking additional steps you're going to set yourself up for a long-term problem these drugs have been miracles for some they can maintain the ability to be miracles for some as long as I think they're checking the rest of the boxes in terms of what they should be doing namely engaging in strength training and increasing their protein intake and high quality protein intake to maintain and maximize muscle mass that falls squarely in my realm of what I do and that's why this video I believe needs to be made if you're looking for strength program guys you can find them over at aex.com I mentioned athl Pro 30g is available at the website also and if you leave your comments below tell me what your experience is with this drug and others who are taking it I really like to know what you think and what they what's happening what are the results what are they doing long term how's it working all right guys I'll be back here soon with another video see you

- The Disturbing Side Effects of Ozempic: Kind: captions Language: en give me my 30 kilos back I'll take that back any day as OPP supposed to getting on that medication if I knew the potential risk I would never have never have been on it there isn't much Jam Lee hasn't tried to lose weight my entire life I was pretty much overweight when I eat my brain doesn't tell me that I'm full so I'll just keep eating nothing seemed to work so when the M of three hit her 30s she turned to her doctor for help I just basically said to her I need help to lose I'm not happy I'm the heaviest I've ever been in my life what do I do she says her GP recommended OIC the injectable diabetes drug widely prescribed off label for patients wanting to lose weight Jam Lee had high hopes and it didn't disappoint she dropped 30 kilos over a year and a half once you get on the scales once a week and you can see yourself dropping one or two kilos like great it's doing what it needs to do and you know it's all looking upwards from here the drug semaglutide commonly known by the brand names OIC or wovi mimics the hormone glp1 which regulates appetite and digestion the medications help people eat less which makes them highly effective for weight loss the short-term side effects include nausea stomach pain diarrhea and constipation the more serious risks can be kidney problems pancreatitis gall stones and thyroid cancer it's got a little bit of nausea a bit of diarrhea but then that was really it I didn't really get many side effects in the beginning but in February her health suddenly went downhill I had this excruciating pain in the right side of my stomach went straight to the emergency department they ordered some scans and came back that I had a a bowel twist and obstruction but when surgeons went in to fix the problem they couldn't find a hernia they couldn't find a obstruction itself for evidence of obstruction and basically deemed it to be side effects of his zic I was told by the surgeon at the time that I should cease as zic which is what I did in August Jam Lee found herself back at the emergency department I had these I described as a bit like contractions once again I stayed at the hospital for another bow twist and obstruction they done an emergency gastr could be this time and found nothing again and in October a third bow obstruction I strongly strongly feel that it's is EMP because that's the only thing that can correlate to my condition no health problems at all prior nothing of the sort that would make sense of what's going on now the medication is out of the system after 1 month and definitely 2 months any further B obstructions after that you have to question whether that is related to the medication as far as we know there isn't anything that we would call a legacy effect where you take the medication it has a negative effect and when you stop it it is prolonged the therapeutic Goods Administration which regulates prescription medications has received 698 reports of Adverse Events relating to semaglutide medicines 578 of those are gastrointestinal disorders including 12 obstructions but these reports don't necessarily mean the prescription caused the problem it's a number of different factors that could contribute to a individual's risk and it might not just be one thing it might be multiple things or they might have underlying conditions that may increase their risk in October last year the TGA began investigating reports of potential bow problems linked to OIC by may this year it had added bow obstruction to the product information for OIC and movi following the lead of the US experts say It's Not Unusual for new safety concerns to Bubble up after a drug is already on the market from a real world data point of view we don't have longer than plus years at this point in time so certainly in regards to long-term side effects we still have an active monitoring system because these are relatively new medications about 6% of American adults take OIC or a drug like it thousands who've developed health problems including intestinal blockages and gastroparesis are suing the drug manufacturers claiming they weren't properly informed of the risks the safety of the popular drug OIC is headed for a Philadelphia Federal cour the manufacturers failed to adequately warn about the risk of gastroparesis my stomach was paralyzed I could not tolerate anything 1% of the population that takes this drug ends up with gastroparesis or one of these horrible side effects that literally just derails their life when you have an extremely popular drug used by tens of thousands of people at the same time you do see the full range of Adverse Events arising very quickly and so I think this is what's given rise to this litig over in the US Dr Christopher rudge says a repeat of the American class actions is possible in Australia but wouldn't be easy suing big Farmer for negligence involves showing that big farmer owed you a duty to warn you of any potential side effects the second step is you have to show that they breached that Duty by failing to warn of any side effects that could be if there was no warning in the public domain or the product information sheets didn't contain a warning the third thing and the most challenging thing for plaintiffs usually is showing that the failure to warn caused you to have the personal injury and that is difficult to prove Jam Lee says she's looking into her legal options want people that are thinking that they're alone they're not and to come forward and hold the manufacturers of a zic liable for failing to let us know that potentially this is a side effects that we may get any Adverse Events should be notified to the TGA and if it's an ongoing issue it could be a very good option to seek preliminary legal advice the hardest part is not knowing when it's going to happen again if it's going to happen again my ultimate fear is you know obviously not be here for the kids if I turned back time I would not have went down that journey two things that come out of that I think I mean they say that it hasn't been used for long enough to know what the long-term effects going to be so you could we could see down the track really big problems and if you're going if you say I'd rather have the 30 kilos back than than use that drug ever again I think that's a pretty powerful statement yeah we're just read the numbers on it about the population of Australia in America uses o and for a lot of people it's actually a lifesaver so I think the whole idea here is being informed of the risks that come with it because if you have you know more with obes also carries big risks as well but then in turn staying up with the new information that comes to light like stories like this

- You're Being Lied To About Ozempic | Truth Complex | Business Insider: Kind: captions Language: en-US In just a few years, Ozempic has become a household name and a cultural phenomenon. GLP-1 drugs are everywhere, and already one in eight US adults have tried them. The Danish company that makes Ozempic is worth more than The Coca-Cola Company and McDonald's combined. Look online, and you'll see comments about "Ozempic face," hair loss, severe stomach problems, and dangerous side effects. And then a moment later you'll see a report that it could help with fertility or treating Alzheimer's or even shopping addiction. And it's not just weight-loss drugs. We've been lied to about weight loss itself for years now. How much do we know about GLP-1 drugs? And are we being told the full truth about them? I've spent the last few months diving into the research and even tried to get some GLP-1 medication myself to see what's really going on here. At this point, I spent a lot of time on social media digesting what the discourse is out there about this medication. One of the pieces of misinformation I'm seeing over and over again is this idea that these drugs are brand new, that they're not well studied, and that they're not well understood. It's not studied for this. You know, there's no studies on what it does to a body without diabetes. There is no research, no research, on a person that is not diagnosed with type 2 diabetes. So, we know that this line that they're untested or not understood is just not true. They've been studied a lot for both safety and efficacy for both diabetes and weight loss. Thousands of people have been studied in clinical trials specifically for obesity but not for diabetes. The new phenomenon is that Ozempic is a household name, and it became a household name because of its weight-loss effects. However, it's part of a class of drugs that have been used for decades to help people with type 2 diabetes regulate their blood sugar. And just in that regard, it's been a huge medical breakthrough. I think we could probably critique that on its own in that our society is so weight-obsessed that none of these diabetes treatments were a household name even though a million and a half people die of it each year, but as soon as it started making celebrities skinny, all of us were talking about it. That's probably worth unpacking, but that's more than we will have time to do here. So, when Novo Nordisk started testing these drugs as an obesity treatment, the outcome of those trials suggested that these are the most effective weight-loss drugs ever. So, the main ingredient in Ozempic is semaglutide. It's part of a class of drugs called GLP-1 receptor agonists, which basically just means they mimic a hormone that naturally occurs in your body called GLP-1. Semaglutide is in both Ozempic and Wegovy, but Wegovy is the one that's FDA-approved for weight loss. If these medications are paired with a healthy diet and exercise, people who are on semaglutide lost, on average, 15% of their body weight. The people who were just dieting and exercising lost, on average, 2.4% A newer drug made by Eli Lilly called tirzepatide did even better in its clinical trials, with people losing an average of 20% of their body weight. And so based on that data, we started to have all this very hyped news coverage about how these drugs were a game changer and a blockbuster and how maybe obesity would be cured forever, which honestly is kind of a bizarre framing. Even from the very first studies, there were people who were not responding to these drugs. Yes, it's a really big deal that 86% of people in a trial lost a significant amount of weight. However, that means 14% of people didn't. Despite all this talk about miracle drugs, the figures are basically the same for both semaglutide and tirzepatide. Roughly one in 10 people don't lose significant weight while on this medication and are what's called nonresponders. I really wanted to speak to someone who went through this, so I put a survey up on BI's social-media channels, and that's how I found Erika. It's working for other people. Why isn't it working for me and my body chemistry? I'm mad it didn't work, but then it just, I accept it, and I just got to find another way to lose the weight. Erika says her doctor didn't warn her that these drugs don't work for everybody. Like many of us, most of her information came mainly from media coverage. When you set these drugs up as a miracle or a magic pill, you're also setting people up for massive disappointment if they had high hopes of weight loss and then these drugs don't work for them. There is one more thing that a lot of coverage has missed. Real life is not the same as a clinical trial. Since those first trials and all that news coverage, there's been more data about what real-world usage looks like. A 2023 study followed people on semaglutide for 52 weeks, and those people lost an average of 4.4% of their body weight. So we went from 15% down to 4%, which is a dramatic difference. Most of the early coverage of these drugs used the numbers from the clinical trials, which makes sense because it was the first time these drugs were studied. The subsequent real-world-usage impacts have not gotten as much press coverage, and that definitely feeds into an inflated sense of how revolutionary these drugs could be. Certainly, they are a really big deal. They're more effective than prior drugs, but there are limitations. The other thing that I think might be getting lost here is that weight loss from these drugs will have a plateau, which is similar to diet, to exercise, and even to bariatric surgery. At some point, every weight-loss intervention plateaus. There's this popular conception that losing weight is the hard part and maintaining weight loss should be easy. What we know is that it's actually the opposite, right? The maintenance of weight loss is actually the hardest part. You wouldn't want a drug that allows you to lose unlimited amounts of weight. That would be dangerous, for one, and then you'd have to go off of it when you reached your goal weight, and then you would just start to climb back up again, and it would be this constant yo-yo. However, that doesn't stop people from talking about this plateau like it's some sort of betrayal of the drug or some sort of failure of this medication. All evidence points to needing to keep taking these drugs to keep benefiting from them, which is interesting because we have study data showing that most people don't keep taking them. One study looked at thousands of people with GLP-1 prescriptions and found that about half of them stopped taking it after a year, and 70% of them stopped taking it at the two-year mark. And another study found that after stopping the medication, people regained, on average, two-thirds of the weight that they'd lost. This is perhaps another big reason to dial down the hype machine on these medications. Yes, they are a big breakthrough medically, but if people don't want to be on them, then the impact of the drugs will be much lower than were predicted in the flurry of news coverage we had to begin with. A lot of people hear that this is a long-term, potentially lifelong, medication, and they see big pharma dollar signs. The cynic in all of us sort of wakes up and says, "What a win for big pharma." It's true that it is a win for big pharma. They're probably going to make a ton of money on this, and there is absolutely no denying that. I understand why people are mistrusting of pharmaceutical companies and the media coverage around them. At this point, we've seen some very irresponsible reporting. I think it's really important to be clear-eyed about the role of big pharmaceutical companies in our society. With just a quick Google, you can see that Novo Nordisk has paid fines after being accused of shady sales tactics, they've faced criticism for spending loads of money wining and dining doctors, and that they've gotten in trouble with regulators in multiple countries. More famously, Novo Nordisk, along with other drugmakers, faced massive criticism for high insulin prices. Nowadays, insulin is less profitable than it once was, but the potential profits of weight-loss drugs remain astronomical. And make no mistake, Novo Nordisk will be cashing in on these drugs and already is. At one point, the company's valuation was bigger than the entire GDP of Denmark. Understandably, some people who don't trust big pharma or simply don't have access to these drugs are turning to natural alternatives. Let's talk a little bit more about nature's Ozempic. Nature's Ozempic. You'll find people presenting berberine, peppermint tea, green tea, vitamin B12, high-fiber diets, high-protein diets, all of these things as being natural alternatives to taking Ozempic. There are certain foods that can increase the amount of GLP-1 hormone that your body makes. The part where they get it wrong is that that doesn't necessarily equate to weight loss, which appears to be the goal of many people consuming this content. The level of GLP-1 production that diets can provide is nowhere near what you can achieve with prescription medications. These interventions are leading to supraphysiological levels of GLP-1, as opposed to modest changes in your diet or some supplement that you could take. These are just orders of magnitude different, and you're not going to see anywhere near the same effects. But between influencer nutritionists and supplement grifters, we're seeing tremendous amounts of misinformation online about how effective a GLP-1-boosting diet can be. These foods and vitamins are generally less risky than a serious prescription drug, but they're almost definitely less effective as well. This is another subject of intensive news coverage where I think we just need to turn the hype dial down a little bit and look at what the research actually tells us. I also think people pay a lot of attention to side effects of these drugs because we've had plenty of examples of prescription drugs coming onto the market and a side effect no one knew about ends up being very serious, particularly for weight-loss drugs. The most common side effects of these medications are gastrointestinal, things like nausea, vomiting, and diarrhea. These can seem a little bit trivial, just like tummy trouble or whatever, but they can be quite serious. Extended periods of vomiting or diarrhea can leave you dangerously dehydrated. It's even been reported that one woman died while taking these drugs after months of gastrointestinal issues, including severe vomiting and abdominal pain. Besides the GI issues, the FDA label for these drugs includes a number of other warnings, some of which are for very serious conditions. So if we just pull up the label now, there is what's called a black-box warning about the risk of thyroid C-cell tumors. The warning label mentions findings in rodents, but a GLP-1 researcher I spoke to said that the thyroid in rodents and humans is quite different. So those findings probably aren't relevant. Sometimes by putting a warning label on because of initial good intentions, you can cause more harm by scaring away people who otherwise might be willing to take this medicine and benefit from the medicine. While the link between GLP-1 medication and thyroid cancer has been hard to establish, the link between obesity and thyroid cancer is much clearer. One study found that for every five-point increase in BMI, the risk of thyroid cancer increases by 30%. There's also another category on this label called warnings and precautions, and it includes acute pancreatitis, acute gallbladder disease, hypoglycemia, acute kidney injury, hypersensitivity reactions, diabetic retinopathy, heart-rate increase, and suicidal behavior and ideation. The label here just says: "Monitor for depression or suicidal thoughts. Discontinue Wegovy if symptoms develop." That's not very reassuring to me. This is an ongoing and evolving thing, but the weight of evidence so far suggests that these drugs alone are not going to cause you to have suicidal thoughts. It is not uncommon for drugs to have very intimidating, if not downright scary-looking, FDA warning labels. It's important to remember that things listed on these labels are potential risks rather than guaranteed results, which actually does seem to get lost in the shuffle a bit on social media. Most of the more serious side effects of GLP-1 drugs are on the rare side. Most people who take these medications will not get pancreatitis. Sometimes people wonder why a drug could be approved if it has so many alarming side effects, but it's really not uncommon. If you look at metformin, a very popular diabetes medication, it has a warning for potentially fatal lactic acidosis. If you look at the label for ibuprofen, it has a warning about potential increased risk of stroke. These things are calculated in the context of being sick. If you take these drugs and don't have a medical need for them, your risk calculation is different and you are putting yourself at greater risk of harm. Your neighbor who is interested in taking this medicine to lose 10 pounds so they can get into a size-eight dress for Uncle Harry's wedding, they weren't studied in a clinical trial. But besides what's on the label, which is scary enough on its own, there's all these rumors on social media about a whole other category of effects that are mostly cosmetic, things like "Ozempic face" or hair loss. And it's not just hair loss. There's been a ton of concern about how much muscle people lose while taking GLP-1 drugs. However, whenever you lose weight, even if it's just through diet and exercise, you do tend to lose some lean muscle. One thing that's often forgotten in this whole conversation is that weight loss itself can have some very serious side effects, particularly rapid or extreme weight loss. Even losing weight fast through diet has been linked to hair loss, muscle loss, depression, gallstones -- all side effects that overlap with the side effects of Ozempic. So it's really hard to tell where one ends and the other begins. Personally, I think this is just another example of how the conversation around Ozempic has just gotten really weird. People seem to want there to be a punishment for taking a vanity drug and almost gleefully report this idea that your face or your hair or whatever would fail you when you've taken a step to make your body look nicer. At least, that's the perception. And to be sure, some people have taken Ozempic as a vanity drug. These drugs became a household name because celebrities were touting them for weight loss, and in many cases, already-thin celebrities were touting their weight-loss benefits. So, we've talked about the bad, but there are also some really interesting positive effects that these drugs potentially have. Not only do they make you crave less food, they make you desire different, usually healthier food. There's a physiological response that causes some people to be more preoccupied with food than others. People I talk to who have been suffering from food noise say the drug feels like a switch is being flipped in their brains. People have now reported other cravings going away too, like the urge to online shop. These drugs could help with all kinds of conditions -- Alzheimer's, Parkinson's, alcohol addiction, and other types of addiction, depression. There's even anecdotal reports of Ozempic babies, which are people whose fertility improved while they were on these drugs. All these things aren't so much side effects as they are potentially brand-new indications for the drugs, brand-new conditions that they could treat. GLP-1 drugs have a really unusually high number of potential new indications. About one in eight Americans have already tried GLP-1 medications, and this explosion of interest has led to something we've never quite seen before. One of the strangest elements of this rush for everyone to try semaglutide is that it put the drug in shortage. And when drugs are on the official FDA shortage list, compounding pharmacies can make their own versions. Compounded versions of these drugs are not FDA-approved or -reviewed, and because these pharmacies are regulated at the state level, there's no data available for how many people are taking compounded GLP-1s. In an environment this confusing, it becomes easier to take advantage of people. I spoke to a researcher who purposefully ordered compounded semaglutide from shady online sellers just to see what he would get. We looked at the online pharmacies that were no prescription and were highest ranked in search results. So these were some of the websites that consumers will see first. Of the six drugs that he ordered, three never came at all. They were total scams. So they took the three prescriptions that they actually received and put the drugs to the test, and what they found was evidence of contamination and improper amounts of the active ingredient, semaglutide. The FDA has also issued a warning about some compounders using semaglutide salt, which is generally used only for research and is not approved for use in humans. So, for consumers, the most important thing is to understand that when you source it from a no-prescription online pharmacy, there's a lot of risks. Either fraud, incorrect product, or, again, you're not getting a product that is medically necessary for you or appropriate for you. Offering no-prescription versions of prescription drugs is illegal, but there's also what feels like a tidal wave of buzzy online health startups who can temporarily sell totally legally. I actually went through the process of being prescribed compounded semaglutide. I went through an online pharmacy where all I had to do was fill out a survey and then do a video telehealth visit with a doctor to be prescribed these drugs. I went through this process for reporting purposes to see how easy it would be to get these drugs, and it turns out it was pretty easy, which, depending how much you value drug regulation, could be kind of concerning. There was sort of no question that I was going to get these drugs. From the second the call started, it was a given. I don't know why, but I thought he might challenge me and say, like, "Ah, these are some pretty heavy-duty side effects. Are you sure you want to take these drugs to lose a small amount of weight?" But he didn't. And the doctor that I spoke to in that process did not give any indication that I would need to stay on these drugs to maintain the weight loss. I'm not saying all this to fearmonger about compounding pharmacies, but it is kind of wild how little we know about how many people are taking drugs from compounding pharmacies when we do know that they come with a higher degree of risk. However, there is one considerable upside, and that's that for some people, compounding pharmacies offer a cheaper version of these drugs. In my case, a month's supply of semaglutide cost $250. The list price for Ozempic in the United States is almost $1,000 for a month's supply. For Wegovy, it's $1,349. Those are shocking price tags. You can find economists estimating that GLP-1 medications will add $1 trillion in healthcare spending to the US. Then we have other economists estimating that it's actually somewhere between 20% and 50% of that. And it's not really possible to know who's right or wrong because the actual prices paid to drugmakers are secret. And that's one of the many oddities of the American healthcare system, is that no one knows exactly what drugmakers actually make from selling their drugs. It's considered proprietary information. At the end of the day, a lot of people seem to want it to be true that these drugs could actually save healthcare systems money, that we spend so much on treating obesity and related conditions that these drugs could actually be a net money saver. And while that might eventually happen, especially if the cost of these drugs goes down, that is a very rare feat for a drug to pull off. The most important thing to remember is that if you see estimates of how much a certain drug is going to cost US healthcare systems or how much obesity costs America in general, remember that these are really rough estimates. And that's important because the stigma that people with obesity face is often couched in this idea that they're a tremendous financial burden to the healthcare system. I have seen countless comments saying, "Why do you need Ozempic if you can just eat healthier?" "Why do you need to take these drugs?" "What you're looking for is willpower." It simply doesn't make sense to talk about Ozempic as being the easy way out. The easy way out implies there's another way out, and for a lot of people, there just isn't. What these medicines have taught us is that a huge number of people living with obesity, they were restricting their calories, they were following diets, they were exercising, and it just didn't work for them even though they really wanted it to work. And now we have something that helps them, and guess what? They're losing weight. We've been lied to about weight loss for a long time, and we're only just starting to figure it out. The reality is that we, both as a culture and the medical community, have been significantly underplaying how difficult it is to lose weight and especially how difficult it is to maintain weight loss. We have a ton of data on this at this point, and we know that drastic weight loss is exceedingly rare and is usually temporary. Over time, we've also learned that exercise is not nearly as big of a factor in weight loss as people tend to suggest. It has many benefits and is still important for overall health, but burning more calories is not a guaranteed path to weight loss. Many studies have shown at this point that even in the best of circumstances, where we're combining diet, exercise, and behavioral counseling, people tend to only lose 5% to 10% of their body weight. Then, after that, your body fights back. When you lose weight, your body starts to release hormones that increase appetite and reduce feelings of fullness. So there's actually a biological mechanism encouraging people to eat more as weight is lost. Studies on people who've lost quite a lot of weight have found that they burn fewer calories than scientists expected, even when you account for the fact that their bodies are smaller and they're carrying less weight around. If you lose roughly 20 pounds or so and you're maintaining that 20-pound weight loss, you're probably burning about 250 calories per day less than you were before you lost the weight. And we've known that for a very long time. The advice that doctors gave for years was that all it takes is small tweaks to your lifestyle. Swap your bag of chips for an apple or take the stairs. You can still find all kinds of advice like that online. And it's actually, frankly, bizarre that after decades of research supporting the idea that this is a very complex issue, so many people insist on acting like it's easy. It is understandable to have anxiety about medicating millions of people for what's seen as a wider societal issue. And some people say this is a Band-Aid on a bigger problem, those bigger problems being things like our food system or our sedentary lifestyles. And, yes, there would likely be tremendous social benefit to addressing those very complex systemic problems, but for now, we have a relatively safe and effective drug that can give people another tool to manage their health in the meantime. So maybe it's a Band-Aid, but sometimes you just need a Band-Aid. If you want to see the sources I used for this video, check out the link in the video description. And for more "Truth Complex," subscribe to Business Insider.

- Preparing for your first Ozempic Injection: Kind: captions Language: en unboxing your ozympic pen [Music] we've had a lot of comments on our previous video about how to prime your ozempic pen so let's walk you through opening your box for the first time and getting your pen ready for your first injection so you've been prescribed ozympic and you're about to use your pen for the very first time let's walk through how to open the box and get your pen ready for your first injection so usually you'll start with the 0.25 or 0.5 milligram pen so you'll open up your box and inside there are inserts with lots of information on how to use your pen and how to dose it so if you forget anything that's a resource you can refer to first of all your box includes your multi-use pen which for most people to start will last six injections because you're starting at a low dose it also has a box of needles that's provided with it so it's recommended that before you start using your pen you prime it so what you do is you'll open up your box of needles take one out and take out your pen so what you're going to do is take off the cap and you can see all the medication is in the chamber of the pen put your first needle for your first injection on the end and remember there's two caps so one two now to prime your pen what you're going to do is turn the dial on the right hand side until it reaches the solid line with two dots and you're going to press and hold and you should see a drop of medication or liquid come out the end that means your pen is functioning and is not stuck or jammed so that means you're ready to dial in your first and we have another video on how to use Eurozone pen that walks you through how to do your first injection how to dial in your medication and proper technique of use so please check it out

- 3 Things To Know Before Using Ozempic (Semaglutide): Kind: captions Language: en welcome back to drug talk everybody in today's video I want to quickly go over three things you should be aware of before using ozempic or semiglutid number one after starting ozempic you may notice a change in your bowel movements this could present as either diarrhea or constipation in terms of percentages diarrhea can happen between 8.5 and 30 percent of the time depending on what you're using ozympic for this happens more frequently when the medication is being used for weight management constipation can occur 3.5 to 24 percent of the time again due to dosing this is more common when ozempic is being used for weight management when compared to diabetes number two ozepik has three indications it's not just used for diabetes aside from treating diabetes a zipper can also be used to treat obesity or overweight patients who have at least one comorbidity associated with weight some obesity related conditions could be cardiovascular disease or hypertension also known as high blood pressure it could be problems with cholesterol or heart failure as well it could be osteoarthritis ostein can also be to prevent disorders of the cardiovascular system in patients with diabetes Now although diabetes is the main indication lately in the media it seems that ozempic is being more recognized for its use in Weight Management number three here are a couple tips for administration of ozempic administer on the same day each week during any time of the day if necessary the day of administration can be changed each week as long as the time interval between two doses is at least 48 Hours injecting the abdomen thigh or upper arm using a different injection site each week do not share pens with other patients even if the needle is cleaned now lastly what do you do if you miss a dose well if less than five days have passed since you missed dose you can take the next dose as soon as you remember but if more than five days have passed just wait to the next scheduled dose and take that dose regularly that's it for three things you should know before using ozone pick take care

- What to Eat on GLP-1 to Stop Side Effects (2026 Nutritionist Guide) #GLP1Diet: Kind: captions Language: en Are you tired of feeling like your stomach is in a knot every time you take your shot? You started this medication to feel better and get healthy, but now the nausea, the break in your stomach, and the constant exhaustion are making it hard to even get through the day. As a public health nutritionist, I see this every single day. Most people think these side effects are just part of the deal. But I'm here to tell you that what you put on your plate can be the difference between a miserable week and a successful journey. Today we are going to talk about exactly what to eat to quiet those side effects. No fancy diets, no offlimits lists, just real food for real relief. Stick around to the end because I'm sharing my safe play checklist that you can use every single day. Let's keep it simple. These medications work by slowing down your stomach. Think of your digestion like a highway. Usually cars move through at a steady pace, but GLP1 puts a slow sign up. The cars stay on the road longer. This is great for weight loss because you stay full, but if you keep trying to send more cars down that road or if the cars are big, heavy trucks like greasy or spicy foods, you get a massive traffic jam. That jam is what causes the nausea and bloating. When you eat less, every bite counts more. If you aren't eating the right things, your body starts to run on low battery. This isn't just about weight. It's about your energy and your muscles. Today, we fix that. Let's focus on our first fix, quieting nausea. Nausea is the most common complaint. When your stomach feels like it's rolling, stay away from hot, strong smelling foods. Cold or room temperature foods are much easier to handle. Try air dried proteins like cold turkey slices or hard-boiled eggs. If you feel a wave of nausea, try three small sips of ginger tea and a plain cracker. Wait 10 minutes before trying anything else. Avoid the big three triggers. Fried foods, heavy creams, and spicy peppers. They stay in your stomach way too long and make that traffic jam worse. Next up, let's look at beating constipation. Constipation happens because your gut is moving slowly and soaking up all the water. Think of fiber like a broom and water like the bucket of sads. You need both to clean the floors. If you eat fiber but don't drink water, that fiber just becomes a bigger break. Try gentle fiber like cooked carrots, oats, or berries. Raw, crunchy veggies can sometimes be too tough when you're first starting out. Cook them until they are soft. And as always, please consult your doctor before making any major changes. Fatigue is a major factor with GLP-1 medications. If you feel like you're walking through mud, you likely need more protein. When you lose weight fast, your body wants to burn muscle for energy. Aim for protein first at every meal. Greek yogurt, cottage cheese, and tofu are great because they are easy to eat even if you aren't very hungry. Your stomach is smaller now. Big meals are the enemy. Try five tiny power snacks throughout the day instead. Stop eating the very second you feel a sigh of fullness. If you wait until you're stuffed, it's too late. Dehydration makes side effects worse. But remember, large gulps can cause nausea. Sip. Don't gulp. If plain water tastes off, add a slice of cucumber or lemon. Keep a bottle with you for tiny sips all day. Here is your checklist. Eat protein first. Keep meals fist sized. and sip water between meals, not during them. I want you to stay safe. If you can't keep water down for 24 hours or have severe pain, call your doctor immediately. You are the boss of your body. Always keep your doctor in the loop about how you're feeling. What food has been a lifesaver for you? Let us know in the comments. Like and subscribe for more nutrition tips.

- Can Ozempic Help With Endometriosis Pain?: Kind: captions Language: en Cindy here welcome back to the Endo fertility Space Channel glp1 muds are all the rage on social media as of late but is there any applicability to endometriosis that's what we're talking about in today's video I'm Cindy I'm an endometriosis specialized dietitian and we talk all things endometriosis and fertility here on the Endo fertility Space Channel before we jump in please consider subscribing if you haven't already to get all the endometriosis related content so what is glp1 glp stands for glucagon like peptide gop1 is a hormone made in the gut in response to a meal that stimulates insulin secretion helps maintain blood glucose and promotes a feeling of fullness or satiety this feeling of fullness effect coupled with the delayed emptying of the stomach effect makes glp1 highly effective for reducing food intake it is in response to this dual effect that glp1 mimicking drugs have come on the scene you'll find these drugs under the name semi glutide which is OIC wovi and seenda glp1 receptor agonists mimic the functions of naturally occurring glp1 some versions of these medications have been in use and approved by the FDA since roughly around 2005 so what does the research say about gp1 medications are they safe and is there any applicability for these drugs to endometriosis there is currently no literature on the use of glp1 medication ations in endometriosis patients specifically the closest literature we have shows that glp1 receptor Agonist induce an anti-inflammatory response while treating diabetes inflammatory bowel disease and neurodegenerative disorders in addition to helping with inflammation involved in blood sugar disregulation gp1 receptor agonists downregulate or reduce the production of inflammatory chemicals like Incan 6 Incan 8 tumor necrosis Factor Alpha and others that are generally upregulated in endometriosis patients and that drive inflammation in these A4 mentioned conditions in addition to these inflammatory chemicals being upregulated in endometriosis patients several studies correlate these inflammatory chemicals to Red lesions which are those metabolically active endometriosis lesions with a blood supply and ability to generate estrogen what's interesting and where I suspect there could be a lot of applicability for glp1 receptor agonists to enemy patients is that the method of action for reducing inflammation involves control over the signals sent and received to immune cells when immune cells respond to glp1 receptor agonists their signals change resulting in less production of pro-inflammatory chemicals and more anti-inflammatory cell production glp1 receptor Agonist may also help with reducing cholesterol since hormone therapy is the go-to medical intervention for endometriosis in the current point in time and elevations in LDL cholesterol and a reduction in HDL the protective type of cholesterol are observed in endometriosis patients taking hormone therapies there may be some applicability here as well long-term effects of these glp1 receptor Agonist medications on cholesterol have not been studied comprehensively so the jury is still out on this one CRP or C reactive protein a highly sensitive marker of systemic inflammation was also so effectively reduced in diabetes patients using semi glutide CRP is another marker of inflammation which tends to be upregulated in endometriosis patients in addition to these seemingly beneficial effects of these medications a 5 to 10% Improvement in body weight is also associated with several positive physiological outcomes these include and are not limited to better blood glucose regulation lower blood pressure less fat accumulation around the heart and lower ch ol log glutide specifically was shown to also reduce liver enzymes improve metabolic function and cognitive function hormone therapies are notorious for raising liver enzymes it's also not unheard of to see acute elevations in liver enzymes After High does nid use or following acute pain episodes or flares among endometriosis suffers these are common occurrences in people with endos so again maybe there's some applicability here one of the most negative considerations to consider with glp1 receptor Agonist is the reported decline in muscle mass muscle is metabolically active tissue that contributes greatly to overall metabolic Health there are several considerations for endometriosis patients to consider when it comes to this particular concern first if you are somebody with Endo who is simultaneously taking or has taken gonadotropin releasing hormone Agonist or antagonist medications like Orissa or Lupron muscle has a protective effect on bone strength and development these medications are known to cause a significant decline in bone health muscle also helps with burning energy both during physical activity and rest this means that the movement of inflammation inducing sugar in the bloodstream into muscle or cells of the body is more effective with more lead muscle now I'm not trying to say that consuming carbohydrates is necessarily inflammatory but in general sugar is quite abrasive which is why people who have uncontrolled diabetes will or often do develop neuropathy or loss of sensation the extremities or erectile dysfunction or they lose limbs or lose their eyesight so just in general it's very health promoting to keep your blood sugars imbalance more lean muscle also improves balance stamina physical performance and functional Independence even if you're chronically ill more muscle mass extends your longevity and impr improves quality of life so let's talk about some of the most commonly reported side effects of glp1 receptor agonists and let's determine if there's any applicability or relevant considerations to endometriosis the most common symptoms associated with the use of gp1 receptor agonis are gastrointestinal symptoms mainly nausea headaches and naso faringitis which is an infection of the nose and throat of the 120 cases in this review Lara glutide had the highest number of recorded adverse reactions followed by exenatide dulaglutide and semi glutide the most frequent adverse reactions reported were gastrointestinal renal and skin concerns followed next liver immune and hormone related adverse reactions were the next most frequently reported adverse reactions there was one reported reproductive adverse reaction pancreatitis which is inflammation of the pancreas was the most common reaction nestled under the gastrointestinal umbrella of reactions because the pancreas makes digestive enzymes and is pivotal in insulin production and blood sugar regulation it's not an adverse reaction we should take lightly as endometriosis patients blood sugar disregulation drives a lot of inflammation and hormonal imbalances if you couple this with partially digested food and more inflammation from the pancreas on top of Endor related inflammation it's not a great constellation of symptoms to pair together or I should say possible symptoms to pair together all this talk about glp1 receptor Agonist are there any natural alternatives we can consider while glp1 receptor Agonist seem relatively harmless anti-inflammatory and result producing these are still relatively new drugs with some possible scary side effects what's more is that glp1 can be naturally stimulated through several natural and safe methods these include certain foods natural supplements macro tweaks in the diet and lifestyle factors so let's talk about what foods boost GP when naturally fermentable fibers for starters these fibers remain intact as they travel through the digestive tract when they reach your gut they are fermented by the bacteria there the result of this fermentation is the production of short chain fatty acids which trigger the release of glp1 some of the best fermented fiber sources include bananas artichoke onion garlic asparagus and apples the second food category that increases glp1 release are polyphenols polyphenols are a class of compounds naturally found in plant foods polyphenols work to stimulate glp1 release in two ways the first is they specifically Target L cells in the gut to ramp up glp1 production as a general side note L cells of the gut are the cells specifically that secrete glp1 the second way is by directly feeding eer Mania which is an extremely important bacteria and lerge intestine microbiome which stimulates glp1 independently you can find polyphenols in a broad collection of deeply pigmented and other plant Foods just a few examples of polyphenol rich foods includes pomegranates kale teas green tea berries mangoes cacao and spinach what about spices curcumin and cinnamon are two spices shown to stimulate glp1 secretion in addition to helping stimulate glp1 curcumin has reported anti-inflammatory effects on the body which is applicable to endometriosis patients especially if you're trying to both reduce inflammation and stimulate glp1 3 G of cinnamon ingestion was shown to produce a better glp1 response than 1 g in the literature that I linked here what about the macronutrient structure of your meal all three macronutrients proteins carbohydrates and fats stimulate glp1 release however protein does so to a lesser extent if you pair protein and calcium however this combination can produce a more potent glp1 release if satiety blood sugar balance and or weight loss are key objectives of yours then perhaps consider reparing your protein with a source of calcium like cheese yogurt cooked collards fish canned with bones or almonds in addition to these tips always pair protein fats and fibers this is a great structure to aim for with your meals that doesn't just only help with glp1 release but also helps with satiety it helps with balancing your nutrient intake and it also helps with complimenting certain nutrients from different food categories or different macronutrient categories that complement each other what about lifestyle factors several Studies have shown the powerful effects of moderate to intense exercise on glp1 release glp1 is reported to rise most immediately after exercise but Baseline levels of glp1 release also remain elevated in the medium term in people who exercise regularly additionally exercise may make glp1 receptor Agonist more effective as it decreases glp1 resistance in people with underlying blood sugar disregulation or who have diabetes or insulin resistance in addition to exercise Stress Management is key in helping to maintain healthy levels of glp1 when stress you get a larger cortisol response and cortisol suppresses glp1 release do what works best for you when it comes to Stress Management but a generally effective option which would have a two-in-one effect is exercise right as we just discussed exercise is a fantastic way to boost your lp1 and it's also a fantastic way to improve your stress tolerance another obvious lifestyle factor that we should all be prioritizing whether boosting glp1 secretion is an objective of yours is good sleep quality we don't have a large body of literature on this topic however one study did show that people with sleep deprivation had a delayed rise in glp1 release following meals what about supplements two probiotic strains berberin green tea extract and maybe jins sing and R berrol I'll have a bit of literature to show show Effectiveness in boosting glp1 release acromania and clostridium butri can both stimulate glp1 release ecomania releases a protein called P9 shown to increase glp1 release while you can supplement with acrania the literature on acrania supplementation is relatively new ecomania should reside in healthy amounts in the gut microbiomes of healthy individuals you might just consider feeding the acromania you already have with red foods like asai pomegranates and beets or with Prebiotic fibers like fructooligosaccharide if you are however somebody with a pretty significant history with antibiotic use I would consider three or more rounds in any oneyear period of your life even as an infant child teenager or young adult to be excessive then you may have unfortunately wiped away that acromania and this is where you might consider a more aggressive strategy like supplementing concentrated amounts of fructooligosaccharide Prebiotic fibers clostridium butrum has also been shown to directly stimulate glp1 release it's also a dominant short chain fatty acid producing strain and as we've already discussed short chain fatty acids also stimulate glp1 release additionally scientists have also found that clostridium butrum increases the secondary bile acid udca which assists with fat digestion and signals to ramp up glp1 production in the gut you may or may not have heard of berberin being referred to as nature OIC it's a natural bitter tasting chemical found in Barberry and golden seal bourbon helps with gp1 secretion by limiting damage to the L cells that secrete glp1 and by increasing short chain fatty acids that stimulate glp1 release caution with berberin though because it is an antimicrobial and large doses over the long term can actually have some unwanted adverse effects on the large intestine microbiome green tea extract is a bitter and concentrated form of green tea its caffeine content helps to Boost energy but in addition to this side maybe benefit it also improves metabolism and stimulates the release of glp1 directly I previously mentioned that gensing Andor res veratrol may be helpful as currently only animal models have shown both as effective for boosting glp1 however both of these two beautiful uh supplements can be helpful for other reasons jining is a beautiful adaptogenic herb that can help with energy and adrenal health and I very often will use Resveratrol in practice for helping with hormone balance and inflammation reduction in conclusion is it worth considering a glp1 receptor Agonist for weight loss blood sugar balance or better metabolic Health as somebody with endometriosis when you couple the anti-inflammatory benefits of the medication itself with the benefit that follows from weight loss and better metabolic Health it's certainly a tempting option my two reservations about glp1 receptor Agonist is one the lack of data on how it affects anomet trios patients or chronically ill patients specifically and two the loss muscle mass in patients who have lost a substantial amount of weight using these medications and the implications of this on metabolic Health in somebody with endometriosis I would consider natural alternatives to boosting glp1 first and consult with your doctor about glp1 receptor Agonist as a last resort stay consistent with glp1 Boost ing behaviors and be patient what do you think about glp1 receptor agonists have you tried them as somebody with endometriosis I would love to hear your experience in the comments below please like share and subscribe if you found this or any of my other videos valuable and I will see you in the next video

- The GLP 1 Paradox:  Lose Weight ....But at what cost? #healthnexus #weightloss #ozempic #orthopedics: Kind: captions Language: en GLP1s, your muscles, joints, and bones. Game changers if used correctly. Hi folks, I'm Dr. Lyall Ashberg, your friendly orthopedic surgeon. Today I'd like to talk to you about GLP1s and their relationship to orthopedics and muscular skeletal health. Glucagon-l like peptide 1 receptor agonists or GLP1s including medications like Zanic, WGOI, Zepbound are transforming weight loss across the world. But here's the question you and your clinicians should be asking. What are they doing to your muscles, your bones, and your joints? And are you getting healthier? Or are you just getting lighter? Today, I'm going to break down what the science actually shows and more importantly, how to use these medications the right way to protect your body and to optimize your performance. Why does this matter? As an orthopedic surgeon, I don't just care about your weight. What I care about more is what that weight is made of. To be a little more technical, what is your body composition? Or put another way, what percentage of your body is muscle, fat, water, or bone? Because that determines how you move, how you feel, and how you age. And obesity and diabetes are not just metabolic diseases. They are muscularkeeletal diseases. And they've been shown to increase your infection risk, delay tissue healing, and lead to more complications after surgery. They can affect your bone and muscle quality and promote an overall inflammatory state. So when we talk about GLP1s, we're not just talking about weight loss. We're talking about changing the trajectory of your entire muscular skeletal system. GP1 medications work through several mechanisms. They suppress appetite. They slow gastric emptying, leaving you fuller longer. They improve insulin glucose dynamics and they act on the brain to increase satiety. So patients eat less and they lose weight up to 15 to 20% of their body weight or more depending on the medication and the dose. But here's a key point. These medications don't decide what kind of weight you lose. That decision is driven by how you live. So let's start with muscle. Some studies show that up to 30 to 40% of the weight lost on GLP1 therapy can actually come from lean mass of which muscle is a major player. Now lean mass is not just muscle. It actually includes muscle, bone, water and your organ tissue. But muscle is a major component and that matters because muscle is largely responsible for your body's metabolic currency which is in the form of ATP or the dollars most of which is made by your mitochondria the bank and it determines your functional capacity and your longevity reserve. So if you lose too much muscle, you may be lighter, but you may also be weaker. Now let's talk about bone. When you lose weight rapidly, your skeleton experiences less load. And importantly, bone adapts to load. So what happens when your bone sees less stress or weight in this instance? Your bone density may go down. And this is a physiologic response sometimes referred to as the mechanoat theory. And if this is not addressed, it could potentially increase your long-term risk for fractures and structural decline. So clinically, what does this mean? You can lose weight and simultaneously move towards sarcopenia or loss of muscle mass, which may lead to frailty and a higher injury risk. This is the paradox. But wait, there's more. It's important to note that what I've told you so far is not the whole story. GLP1s have some very important positive effects. As I'm sure many of you are aware, chronic inflammation, which is typical of so many of the illnesses we see in our society, including metabolic syndrome, diabetes, and some people with obesity, is one of the root causes affecting so many of our body systems, including our muscularkeeletal system. But GLP1s are among other things strongly anti-inflammatory. And so they reduce cytoines which are the chemicals which mediate inflammation including things like TNF alpha interlucan 6 and interlucan 1 beta. When it comes to the muscularkeeletal system let's take a look at each system a little bit closer. They affect joint biology directly and have a whole joint effect. So we now know that GLP-1 receptors exist in cartilage, the tissue that lines the ends of your bone, and synovium, the tissue that lines the joint capsule, and is responsible for nourishing our joints. Which means these medications may actually modulate osteoarthritis or arthritis progression by decreasing the inflammation in joints, protecting cartilage cells from premature death or epoptosis and facilitating cartilage matrix formation. All of these may enable your joints to live longer. On the muscle side, while total lean body mass may decrease, muscle quality may actually improve. And so we see things like reduced fatty infiltration of muscle cells, improved mitochondrial function, and better metabolic efficiency. So again, less muscle, but potentially better muscle. On the bone side, there are signals that GLP1s may actually increase osteoblasts, the bone forming cells activity, and reduce osteoplasts, the bone resorbing cells signaling. So they actually may partially offset potential bone loss from stress or the lack of stress related weight reduction. Therefore, overall, GLP1s are probably beneficial in that they improve both muscle and bone quality and therefore there's a net positive to our overall muscularkeeletal system function in that they decrease the risk of falls and they present an opportunity. TLP-1 therapy is not a solution by itself. It's a tool and used incorrectly, it can lead to a loss of muscle and bone. But used correctly, it becomes one of the most powerful metabolic interventions we have. So, how do we do this correctly? This is where structure matters. Number one, exercise. This is non-negotiable. If you're on a GLP1 and not doing resistance training, you're making a mistake. Exercise by itself is probably the tool with the most bang for the buck that you can get from nearly any intervention, especially when you're taking GLP1s. So, what does this look like? Well, resistance training for muscle and bone. You should think about doing this two to three times per week minimum. And this has been shown to reduce muscle loss dramatically in some studies up to 50 to 90% in patients who are on GLP1s. Next, you want to work on and add aerobic work for your cardiovascular fitness and longevity. I would shoot for 150 minutes per week of moderate zone 2 for those of you know about it or 75 minutes of vigorous activity per week, obviously divided. If you've not been doing any exercise at all, start slowly and build progressively. Rome wasn't built in a day. Don't hurt yourself. And most of all, make it sustainable, something that you can keep up. Start with movement, then resistance, and then start thinking about performance. Number two, diet. This should be individualized, but here are some important guidelines for folks on GLP1s. Protein strategy. Protein is essential. Again, obviously, this varies, but you should try and target 1.2 to 1.6 g per kilogram per day. And most patients under consume protein on GLP-1 therapy. Why? Because they're not hungry. So this needs to be intentional. Eat protein first. And you should use dense sources like eggs, fatty fish, Greek yogurts, lean meats, tofu, protein supplements if you need to. Make sure you're hydrating. Hydration matters. At least 2 to three lers of water per day. And one other thing and a key mistake is unintentional fasting. People skip meals because they're not hungry and lose muscle as a result. Satiety is a tool, but it must be managed. If you're not measuring, you're guessing. Use or ask your doctor about a body impedance analysis or scale for frequent tracking. or consider getting a DEXA periodity or an MRI if you've got the bucks for it. And some simple things you can do include strength metrics like grip strength, functional capacity, i.e. how easily can you go up steps or pick up heavier things. Watching your weight is not enough from a surgical standpoint. GLP-1s may actually reduce your infection risk, improve tissue healing, improve surgical outcomes in some patients, and potentially delay the need for joint replacement. And they improve your overall cardiac, renal, and respiratory risk profile, but they also introduce some important peroperative considerations. Delayed gastric emptying can actually increase your potential for aspiration. especially when under anesthesia. So, always tell your surgeon or your anesthesiologist if you've been taking GLP1s and you're having surgery. GLP1s are powerful, but not for everyone in the same way. Higher risk groups include older patients, patients with low baseline muscle mass, people with poor nutrition, and it is possible to be overweight and undernourished. and sedentary individuals who have poorer muscle mass. These patients need structure. The big takeaway, GLP-1 medications in and of themselves don't make you healthy, but they do create an amazing opportunity to become healthier. So, you're not just losing weight, you're actually remodeling your body, your muscle, your bones, your metabolism, and your function. and you need to guide that process or you may not like the outcome. If you're considering GLP1 therapy or you are currently on it, you need a structured sustainable plan to change your whole human health. And that's exactly what we do at Health Nexus Orthopedics and Wellness. If this was helpful, please subscribe and share it with someone considering these medications. And stay tuned because this is just the beginning. Let's get you living your best life. I look forward to seeing you. Cheers.

- Obesidad y GLP-1: lo que nadie te dice: Kind: captions Language: en This is a dance production by Marta . There's a research process that's taken many years, isn't there? GLP-1s are not new drugs. For those of you listening who don't know what we 're talking about, could you give them some more marketable names that might be more familiar to them? When you talk about GLP-1, what are you talking about? GLP-1 is a therapeutic class of these medications. OMPIC is the most famous, isn't it? The most famous one, the one who opened this whole gap. GLP1 is a hormone that we all produce, we all produce GLP1, right? GLP1 is a hormone that is produced in the final part of the small intestine in L cells in response to food. So, you eat and after a while, your cells detect this and start secreting GLP-1. Exercise becomes an important part of the treatment in the short, medium and long term. Blessed nutrition. The poison is in the dose. Blessed ones. Welcome to Bendita Nutrición, your favorite podcast about health and nutrition, all discussed with scientific evidence. As you know, you can watch us on YouTube at MD-podcast, listen to us on Apple Music, Amazon Music, and of course Spotify, and as always, I share the microphone with Bea. But before introducing Bea, today we have the second part of the interview with Dr. Fernando Pérez Galá, who is a digestive system surgeon, gastric sleeve and gastric bypass surgeon, an expert in brain and obesity, has many publications, has written two books , one of them is Hungry Brain, which please, before I brag about Hungry Brain, watch the previous interview because there we talked about who it is for, what it brings and why it is important to treat overweight and obesity as a disease. And so Fer, welcome to this second part of the interview. So, now we're going to look at weight loss medications here, the very famous GLP1s, why not? Why not? And now, let's begin. Let's get started. Fer, welcome. It's great to have you here. As always, it's truly a pleasure, I'm super excited to be back here and continue with the second part, and we're going to talk about a hot topic. It is estimated, Fer, that 20 million Americans are currently using this drug. No, how much is this? Yes, I said, yes. 20 million, or 12% of the United States population, is under GLP-1 treatment. This is a very impressive piece of data when we were given it because it's a number of people, we're talking about 30, well, more than 30 million people are currently under GLP-1, right? What I loved about this fact is that probably someone who came to see you, you know, with me, with you, is watching and listening to us, and has already heard, "Oh no, these medications are bad, or better not for me, or they're going to hurt me," right? And I think this fact alone is quite significant, showing that they are safe and that many people are currently using them. And above all, the scientific evidence and data we already have on the use of these medications, because one of the things that comes from gossip and the data on social media is that they are new medications, right? Wait, we do n't know what's going to happen. Look, pharmacological research today is tremendously meticulous, step-by-step, and protocol-driven. So, for you to see a medication in the pharmacy and for us to have the prescription, there's a research process that takes many years, right? GLP-1 drugs are new, aren't they? The indication for obesity is therefore relatively new. And I'm going to explain, I'm going to tell you why. Hey Fer, but before you continue, sorry to interrupt, but for those people listening who don't know what we're talking about, could you give them GLP-1, what are you talking about? GLP-1 is a therapeutic class of these medications. famous one, the one who opened this whole gap. Ospic, eh Saxenda, Wigobi, Munjaro, eh Ribelsus, right? And all those who are coming, but let's say those are the ones who are here right now. Now, what are GLP-1s? Well, GLP-1s are, uh, drugs that stimulate this receptor. Now, what is GLP1? L cells, in response to food. So you eat and after a while your cells detect this and start secreting GLP1. What is the half-life of natural GLP-1? 2 minutes. So, the effect lasts 2 minutes in your body, right? So, in the 1980s, and interestingly enough, GLP1 was discovered after bariatric surgery, right? So what happens? Patients who had open bypass surgery in the mid-80s, diabetic patients who had bypass surgery, said, "Hey, this patient no longer requires oral hypoglycemic agents , that is, he no longer needs medication to lower his blood sugar." He says, "Well, he's fasting. Well, listen, I already fed him and he still doesn't need medication to lower his blood sugar. Oh, well, he's on a liquid diet. Well, I already gave him a normal diet and he still doesn't need glucose medication. He's losing weight, right? The weight loss isn't significant. Ah, until someone says, well, something must be happening. And what happens is that when we change the architecture of the intestine with a bypass, where we take the final intestine and connect it to the stomach, the food skips the first 2 or 3 meters of the small intestine and enters the final part of the intestine. There, the response to food entering that wouldn't normally enter that way is the exaggerated secretion of GLP-1. And so from there they begin to study the molecule. So, first they begin to study it as a treatment for diabetes. And this is something important in the history of these medications, because one of the things they say is, "Don't take that medication because it's for diabetes and you don't have diabetes." Let's see, Okay, I 'll tell you why in a moment. Hold on . Wait a minute. What's going on? Well, when they started developing the first GLP-1s, they put them to the test against glucose-lowering medications, right? Because that's how it goes with medications: when you're going to release a new one, you have to compete against the gold standard, right? To see if you can beat the gold standard, you'll become the new gold standard. Listen, I don't beat it, but I'm not inferior. Well, then it can be used just like the other one, right? What do they start to see with GLP-1s? Well, they are good for diabetes, but not as good as other things they had. Well, we're not going to use them as much, and then there's semaglutide, because they start developing daily injection medications, like Sacenda, for example, right? The half-life of GLP-1 is 2 minutes, so they change it with engineering, which looks very simple in the... It's a little drawing, but it's very complex. They change an amino acid, move it to another location, and add a fat molecule so it sticks to a protein called albumin and lasts longer. Then it starts lasting 13 hours. Oh, so we already have one for daily injection, but you have to inject it every day, right? Because the concentration rises and falls. And then semaglutide comes along, which is a weekly injection, right? So they change another molecule, and instead of degrading in 13 hours, it degrades in 7 days. Perfect. Wow, that's great. Hey, but the glucose doesn't drop that much , but they are losing weight. Oh, wow. And they're losing more than 5% of their weight. Pay attention to this 5% figure because the rest of the pharmacological research for weight loss— Orlistat, Phentermine, other medications we used to have for weight loss, which are no longer marketed, like amphetamines, for example—the goal for weight loss... The weight loss was 5%. And suddenly, you start to see that maglutide, or rather, that it's causing weight loss greater than 5% or 6% in some patients. What happens when these kinds of events occur in medicine? You start generating research to look for that effect. So, I have a medication that was for diabetes, but it starts causing weight loss. So, I'm going to generate research protocols in patients without diabetes, but I'm going to measure their weight loss, which are the ones we have now. Something similar happened with Viagra. I don't know if you remember the story of Viagra. The story of Viagra is also very good. The story of Viagra was research for high blood pressure, right? To lower blood pressure. Well, it did n't lower the pressure, but it raised other things, right? Then the researcher realizes that the women who were taking Viagra were returning the medication, and the men, coincidentally, don't say, "Hey, why are n't the men?" Well, someone even says, "It doesn't lower my blood pressure, but I get erections." So they say, "Ah, let's do the research on patients with erectile dysfunction." And that's how Viagra was born. The same thing happened with GLP-1. GLP-1 has an adequate effect, good, but not superior to other medications for diabetes, but it has a significant effect on weight loss. And then they start investigating why these medications affect weight, and then they begin to see that the three effects these medications generate are one in the brain, going back to the hunger brain. Exactly. They stimulate the satiety centers in the hypothalamus . So, hunger is a feeling mediated by hormones; it's not a voluntary feeling. And I love telling that to patients because no one can wish to be hungry, absolutely no one. And no one can not wish to be hungry. Someone who presides over me, who spoke before me, said at a conference, "Has anyone here ever been hungry?" And everyone raised their hand. He said, "You have n't really been hungry." I mean, if you say you're hungry right now, no, that's not hunger. I mean, hunger—and he described it— Very well. Hunger is a feeling mediated by hormones, right? And if you don't believe what I'm saying, let's do something today. No one here is going to eat until they're hungry . No, but truly hungry If it's 10 o'clock at night, then eat. What is hunger? Hey, you know what? My stomach hurts, I'm tired, I'm looking for food. I'm angry, I'm irritable, I'm weak. Okay, now eat, and after you finish eating, try to reproduce what you were feeling before you started eating. It's impossible because hunger is mediated by hormones, not by willpower. So this medication stimulates the satiety centers in the brain. So, it regulates hunger, it takes away hunger. Second, at a peripheral level, it tells your stomach, don't empty so quickly. Okay. So, the feeling of fullness that the stomach sends to the brain, which is a second pathway, it maintains. So, how? I get full faster and the times between meals last longer More, right? No, I mean, what we normally do as a strategy of having a snack, preparing another meal because these cycles of feeling hungry come along, which you overcome with snacks—that's... well, those are periods that last longer without needing to eat. And the third thing, which is one of the most important effects of these medications, is that they regulate the reward centers in the brain. So, eating due to anxiety, cravings, the urge to eat, the kind that's most activated, this " food noise" that's most active when you're on low-calorie diets, it's regulated. Those are the three main effects of these medications. Listen, that's why it 's true that in these studies they were surprised to find that people, even those with alcohol addiction, stopped drinking alcohol because of this last factor you mentioned, the reward. That's very striking. And in fact, I think that in November or December, there are currently 10 research protocols coming out specifically on alcoholism, gambling addiction, and smoking. And there's a A very interesting study by Tirepatide, from Munjaro, where they do functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) scans—you know, the kind where you think and a part of your brain lights up, you think about something else, you think about your family—that's how we know which part of the brain is activated by certain emotions. Before starting drug treatment, they show patients images and feed them highly palatable food, fats, carbohydrates, and see how that reward center in the brain lights up. Three weeks after starting the medication, they do the study again, and that part of the brain doesn't light up. So, when patients are on these medications, even with very low doses, they say, "Well, I am hungry, but I can see those peanuts, I have control, and I'm not going to eat them because I went to Nico OEA and I'm following this regimen, right?" So now I'm no longer fighting against myself. Yes, because obesity isn't cured by just trying harder, and neither is a disease . No, " echarle ganas" means "put on the medicine." Putting in the effort means going for a walk. " Putting in the effort means coming to your appointment." That. But putting in the effort doesn't take away your hunger, you know. But trying hard won't make you lose your hunger, will it? So, take on this challenge. Let's see if anyone can hold it in. I find it super interesting, and that's why some patients report having better levels of concentration, and it's because, since they're no longer thinking about eating, "I've already eaten," "no, I haven't eaten," then I can dedicate myself to what I have to dedicate myself to, work, read, whatever; the food doesn't go away. That's beautiful. So, they have this spectacular side, but like everything, they must also have a dark side. Let's talk about what the possible discomforts are that a patient may experience when injecting or taking one of these medications. Look, all medications have side effects, right? As I was saying, in these research protocols there are more than seven research protocols that developed the molecule. When I talk about drug development, as I was saying, it means you have to have the scientific evidence of who you can give it to, who you can't give it to, right? Okay. Who will experience adverse effects, what percentage experienced them, and for how long did they last? Which people stopped using the medication due to an adverse effect? And what are the strategies to ensure that if your patient experiences this adverse effect , it is minimal? And that is perfectly documented. The idea that we don't know what will happen when we give a medication, really, I mean, no, that's not going to happen. Perhaps it happened in the 1950s , in the 1940s of the last century, but in this century, with all the pharmacological regulation that exists, it is very unlikely. Very rigorous protocols. I wish people knew the amount of investment behind all this research. It's not like I asked my friends how they felt, is it? [laughs] No, they must think that's the kind of research that's done, right? And those of us who have participated in pharmacological research, you have to document absolutely everything, and then the auditor comes and if you missed a comma he scolds you, I mean, this research is very, very precise. Now, in whom can we use GLP-1 analogues? And there are certain molecules, for example, liraglutide and semaglutide, right?, which are authorized in children. There is already a research protocol that demonstrated its safety and efficacy in children over 10 years old, right? And in teenagers, right? Uh, of course, in adults, in older adults there are. What are the adverse effects? mainly gastrointestinal, because GLP1 in the case of sacenda and semaglutide works as a gastrointestinal hormone and in the case of thyrepatide, which is a drug that by itself is a new therapeutic class, because unlike Wigobi or OEMPIC, which is only one molecule, semaglutide, the one that thyrepatide has two. And it's curious because one would think, "Okay, I've brought two molecules. The interesting thing is that a single molecule binds to the cell's GLP1 receptor and also binds to the GIP receptor." GIP is another gastrointestinal hormone. What GIP does is make the pancreas produce better insulin, make the liver produce less sugar, and at the brain level it also stimulates satiety centers. So you have both effects. You have the effect of GLP1 and you have the effect of GIP in terms of the drug's potency. The adverse effects are the same. They are exactly the same. They are gastrointestinal. Which is it? Mainly nausea, okay? A large percentage of patients experience nausea during the first few weeks of using the medication, and then you see how, as the weeks of treatment and titration progress, because here they decrease, they tolerate it better, they tolerate it. Because? Because these receptors, imagine a cell, and you've explained it very well, many times, the cell has like little keys, right? It has locks. So, when you're going to stimulate the cell, imagine you're going to put a key in it, and it has to fit into that lock to generate a change in a cell. That's when we talk about receptors. Well, when you start extensively stimulating those receptors, the cell has to get used to it. Let's remember that natural GLP1 has a lifespan of 2 minutes. When you give it a titan that's going to last a week, well, the cell is initially taken aback, right? And well, it's going to cause adverse effects. As that receptor becomes more adapted to overstimulation, those adverse effects decrease. Nausea is the main one, followed by diarrhea. Second place, reflux. Third place, constipation. Fourth place, it occurs in approximately 30% of patients. In the case of constipation, one must be very judicious here because many of the patients we see are already eating less. Yes, [laughs] of course. Or do they already have this irritable constipation syndrome, right? And then if you're also going to give her a GLP-1 where she won't eat less, she'll drink less water, and she won't reach her fiber goals, then you're giving her the perfect combination for constipation, which is one of the things patients say, don't even think about it because it gave my grandmother terrible constipation. We need to keep it balanced, right? For me, a significant part is the amount of misinformation on social media. I don't know if you've seen it, Fernando, but I haven't paid much attention to it, but I've seen posts like "don't wear GP1, wear this patch instead," and that seems very dangerous to me. Completely. In other words, there needs to be a protocol for choosing who is a candidate to use these medications. And the part that is most important to me, since these are medications that people can now buy without a prescription, what recommendation do you have? Who is qualified to recommend and guide them and to accompany the patient in this process? Because I also think there's a process where you go from point 25 to point 50, 75, 1, etc., like, uh, you don't want to share them, right? What should this accompaniment be like so that they don't leave here, listen, and say, "Wonderful, then I'm going to go buy it." [laughs] Wait for me, go in the car and stop to buy it. What I thought after listening to and seeing each other, I mean, many will want to step aside and well, because I am convinced, uh, these medications came to revolutionize the management of obesity weight. And I think they are spectacular, but again we come back to the word in your book, responsibility. I have to take responsibility for managing my weight and I ca n't just inject myself one week, then not the next. This, I'm going on vacation, I want to eat everything I crave, including doses upon doses, doses upon doses Look, there are several things here. In 2023, in the journal Science, at the end of 2023, a really cool article came out, and in one very interesting paragraph it said, "We are facing a new era in the treatment of obesity, because a drug has arrived that doesn't just change how we treat obesity, but how we understand it, right? As a chronic disease with biological bases and not just a lack of willpower on the part of the person who suffers from it, who for years, right? We talked about it in the last episode, well, that's what we were saying, 'Oh, well, eat less and move more.' Well, the doctor won the Nobel Prize in Medicine, right? For the great recommendation he's giving. Well, these medications have specific indications: patients with overweight, above a body mass index of 27, with some type of associated comorbidity, which can be insulin resistance, dyslipidemia, prehypertension, prediabetes, etc., or patients with obesity, which is a body mass index of 30, or you can use the formulation of this..." Body, right? Um, how are these medications used? First, who has to prescribe them? A doctor. 100%, right? I mean, it's a drug that requires a prescription. In Mexico, you can get them at the pharmacy without one. Be responsible, let's be responsible, okay? I could also start recording a podcast, and I'm sure on Chat GPT they'll tell me how to position the microphones. But look, there are professionals who dedicate themselves to doing something so... well, it's also a drug. It's amazing that people say, "Oh, yesterday a patient came in, 'Look at this,' and told me, 'Don't give me those medications.'" I'm like, "Because I already took one, and it was horrible. I was vomiting, and I couldn't get out of bed for three days." "Who gave it to you?" And the husband turns around, like, "Tell him yourself ." No, no, no. Worse, in the chat room of the guy from his apartment, they posted, "I'm selling this medication, who wants it?" And then they'd go down to the other guy's apartment, selling it on demand. And you know what they say to him, "And what diet do you want?" I mean, what? Forget your diet. I also think he gave them a sheet of paper. "Um, what dose do you want?" No, no, it's not like that. Well, there was a pen. Now the pens are single-dose, right? But there was a pen where you could mark off 25, 50, 75. So, imagine what the lady does, huh, anyone would say, "Wow, this goes up to 2.4, this is a lot, but it starts at a point, it's very little, well, in the middle, neither too much nor too little, right?" Well, it gave him all the adverse effects, because imagine a person who had never felt that in their life, a tractor fell on them, well, they had adverse effects. So, these medications... They have to start writing headlines. Now, he did well there with some adverse effects. That can lead to him ending up in the emergency room , of course, because he has gastroparesis, that is, his intestines, right? And so, look, I really want to emphasize this because I think those medications are terrible because I heard that my neighbor's intestines stopped working. You see, the research is done well, but the guys interpret it however they want, [laughs] right? So, if the information you're getting is that this guy died, this guy ended up in the hospital, it's because I don't know what, it's probably because he wasn't receiving proper care or the care was provided by someone who wasn't the right person. And regarding what you're saying about the patches or these, that does seem dangerous to me. And other medications, right? They tell you, look, natural remedies, I don't know what natural remedies, or here we're going to apply triceps thiazolidinedione. And I say it's Stretching out a duckling, right? Because in Mexico, like everywhere else, medicines of dubious origin entered the country, and then, since the medicines are expensive, they tell you, "No, here we already have tirepatide which is cheaper," so they're giving you water, right? Therefore, one must be very careful and responsible in the treatment, and these medications must be titrated. We start with low doses and as you tolerate it, you gradually increase that dose. And now let's talk about the topic of muscle mass. No, because you'll lose muscle. So, what can you tell us about the use of these medications and muscle mass, which we want to preserve and know is an organ of longevity? That's really interesting because it's a great point of discussion because, well, of course, muscle is an endocrine organ, right? We have to preserve this muscle of ours; it is the organ that will allow us to live healthily and live many years. Now, any weight loss intervention will decrease your muscle mass , whether it's nutrition, restrictive dieting, or diet and exercise. Yes, bariatric surgery, medications, any kind of medication, because you're going to have weight loss, it 's not directly related to GLP1. Now, another thing, how we measure that muscle loss is also interesting. Because? Because in these first reports of sarcopenia you were saying, look, sarcopenia is starting to be reported with the use of these medications. Okay. But the main one, being that muscle is an endocrine organ, the main user of glucose in the body and of insulin in the body is muscle. So, on the one hand, you're reporting here that I'm having sarcopenia, but on the other hand, the biochemical markers of insulin, glucose, triglycerides are improving, it's like the audio isn't matching up with the video, right? First. Second, a patient who lives with obesity and has physical limitations, and you do the standing and sitting test, the 6- minute walk test, in short, the physical evaluations after using these medications, although here you are indicating that his muscle mass is decreasing, he has better physical activity, the measurement of the test is much better, he does more standing and sitting tests, more squats. So, that's where the discussion starts. Tell me, how are we measuring muscle? Ah, well, we 're measuring it with magnetic resonance imaging. I was talking to you about research protocols. Ah, okay, there's an error on the part of the operator because muscle has intramuscular fat and intermuscular fat, right? When we go, I love being roasted, don't you? When you choose meat with marbling to please everyone, that marbling is intramuscular fat. Clear. And where two of these muscle groups meet there is also fat, which is the intermuscular fat. When you lose weight from fat, of course, that fat disappears. So what happens in the most rhetic resonance? It will be compacted. And so what I had before the intervention, which was a muscle of this size, is now like this. It has less fat. So, what's going on? We are not going to perform MRI scans on our patients. We perform bioimpedance analysis. The same thing happens with viimpedance. Bioelectrical impedance analysis will measure your muscle mass, but it won't differentiate between muscle mass and intramuscular fat. So, when intramuscular fat decreases, bioimpedance penalizes the muscle. That's why you have to tell the patient, " What should we do?" We're not going to do it. We'd have to do biopsies on the patients; we're not crazy enough to make this helmet. And they can because this is the real treatment for obesity; it has to be comprehensive. They do need to be responsible with the use of the medication, but they also need to start changing their habits, start making better food choices, exercise, and in this exercise, do strength training to preserve muscle mass and if they can, even increase it, right? And also, exercise becomes an important part of the treatment in the short, medium and long term, because we have to be very aware. We have a condition that could have been obesity, it could have been insulin resistance, it could have been fatty liver, and we are going to exercise, or rather, we are going to take exercise as medicine as well, that is, strength training will be prescribed, cardio exercise will be prescribed because that exercise will act, I tell you, like this extra medicine that will allow you to lose weight and maintain it. Exactly. And look, what is the treatment for obesity? It's nutrition and activity. It's not diet and exercise, it's nutrition and activity. Hey, what if I get surgery, what do I have to be? Nutrition and activity. Hey, if I use medication, what do I have to be? Nutrition and activity, which is not diet and exercise. I want to live a more nourished life. The diet involves restriction and temporaryity. What are you taking from me? And for how long? So, how long can I hold out? And when I break up, I'm going to break up with everything. Exa. Then come these cycles we 've talked about with yo-yos, right? And secondly, look at the mistake that we doctors keep quiet about, it is that you have to be on a diet and exercise. Okay? Then I'm going to put you on a super restrictive diet so you lose weight quickly, and then go swimming because you burn a lot of calories there. Nothing is the most boring and complex thing, isn't it? And complex because, well, anything that involves getting to the pool, I have to... Exactly. No, either wake up earlier, go to bed later, or join a club. She knows all the barriers a person has to break to achieve diet and exercise. That is sustainable in the long term. That's why the current treatment, the basis of the treatment, is nutrition and activity. Nutrition is always a continuum, is n't it? It's a continuum and everything is a lifestyle. It's a lifestyle, and we all need to have nutrition that's appropriate for our sex, our age, our metabolism, and our genes. Very individual, very individualized. And the second one is activity, right? And we divided the activity into three. One is to break the sedentary lifestyle. The second is to stay active during the day because 30 minutes of exercise a day does not compensate for 6 hours of sitting. In other words, it's as if you hadn't done anything. Ex. And the third is exercise. And when we prescribe exercise, it has to have the characteristics you mentioned. rhythm, intensity, duration, and frequency. Whatever you do has to have that effect so that your body metabolizes it as exercise. Clear. And when you metabolize it as exercise, things happen in the muscles, right? You either preserve it or you grow it, and in the brain, because in the brain a part that regulates stress called the hippocampus grows. When people start exercising they say, "Oh, doctor, I feel better, I'm less stressed, I sleep better." Ah, so you're de-stressing, are n't you? It's because you're stimulating your body with substances produced by your own muscles. Clear. And the most important one that we don't prescribe from these characteristics that aren't even in books is that it has to be fun, because if it's not fun, it's not sustainable in the long term. So, what supports that treatment? Drug therapy, yes? Surgical therapy and psychological therapy. We have, for example, for patients who are going to bariatric surgery, you know the protocol, it's a longer protocol, it's a longer therapy, but in pharmacological treatment we do an intervention called solution-based training because it is a five-session cognitive behavioral therapy where we establish the foundations for changing habits. Because during this, for years, I told him, well, give it your all, I already gave you the recipe, I gave you the diet, so just give it your all as best you can, right? The psychological aspect comes into play, let's see, with or without GLP1 the stress will be the same, the frustration will be the same, the anger will be the same and the work will be the same. Yes of course. So, what strategies can I give you as complements to help you better manage your nutrition and activity? That support seems incredibly valuable to me because so many things happen on the weight loss journey, and sometimes we're more engaged and sometimes less so. So, the work you do in your clinic is precisely that of accompaniment, that is, even in the operations you don't just operate and that's it. No, I mean, the most valuable thing afterwards is the whole process that you have to see a lot of. The patient who suffers from obesity, you operate on him, he is no longer obese, a family recomposition is generated because we are already used to making fun of him because he was the cute chubby guy and now he is also upset about the gas, right? So, this part of accompanying them to find themselves in this new being is very interesting. And what we're talking about is environmental control. In environmental control, let's see, the macroenvironment is what we talked about in the last episode, the obesogenic environment, but your microenvironment is also at home. Of course, right? So what you do is go and see, you see all these changes in conformation. And I've seen some really interesting things because when one member of the family starts to make that change, which you've also talked about, they influence the others, right? Then they start to... But sometimes they're uncomfortable. Uh, I've seen, you know what? Since she lost weight, she's not as nice anymore. As? I mean, you know, it didn't suit her anymore because, of course, now I look fatter than her. [laughs] No, it's real. Like that phrase, look, my God, if you don't make me lose weight, make my friends fat, you know. I mean, I feel that sometimes when someone loses weight it makes some friends or family members uncomfortable. Besides, let's think about it the same way, if you were just saying that you're the nice one, what if you were the life of the party? What if you loved going out to dinner at night, having a good time? I don't know. Exactly. So, everything starts to change, and as you say, Fer, it changes from within, everyone being very aware and very responsible for the illness or conditions we have, and especially when you're on these medications, what's going to happen? Uh, and that's part of the training too, isn't it? Well, look, if you're taking these kinds of medications and you don't change your nutrition, you're going to have any number of What was this within the context of self-medication or irresponsible medication? Because it's happened to me before, hasn't it? Well, my cousin arrived, and I already had it because I went to see my cousin who was my patient, and we shared the same prescription. You say, "Oh, God, no." So, she started putting it on like, "You copied my recipe, right?" So, these medications aren't made to help you lose 2 kg so you can fit into your wedding dress. It's very important to mention this. Second, uh, these aren't trendy medications, it's a treatment you have to follow. Third, if it is not accompanied, and more importantly, if it is not accompanied by a low-fat and low- carbohydrate diet, you will have adverse effects. Exactly. So, if that patient you were saying is like, "I'm going to be the life of the party and to keep being the life of the party I'm going to eat or drink too much , you're going to have adverse effects and I agree with you." Hey, and speaking of time, because you're probably asked this question a lot, okay, I'm going to see Dr. Fer, he's going to prescribe my weight loss and metabolic control medication, so, for how long? I mean, I can say it's going to be 3 months, it's going to be 6 months, I can lower it and I can stop from one day to the next. If I stop taking it after the holidays and then start taking it again at the high dose, right? I mean, wow, we really have to do another episode of this because, let's see, when I go with you, you take my blood pressure as part of the evaluation, and your blood pressure is high, huh? You're sending me to the cardiologist. I arrive at the cardiologist's office, and he tells me, "Hey, Nico and Vea took my blood pressure, and it came back high." Okay. "Hey, if you have high blood pressure, well, that's just how it is ." Your dad had high blood pressure. Yeah, well, it's your turn now, dude. Both your vagina and you have to take this medication for life. None of us would think to ask that cardiologist, "Hey, when am I going to stop taking it? Until when do I have to stop taking it?" Good point. Well, you have hypertension. Obesity is a chronic, multifactorial, and recurrent disease; it is treatable, but recurrent. Many patients, when I prescribe this medication, immediately ask, "Hey, how long will I have to take it? How much weight loss am I going to experience?" Look, we have to individualize each case here, but we have to start from the premise that obesity is a chronic disease, a disease with genetic, biological, ecological, social and environmental bases. As you gain control over all the factors that are causing this, we will be able to measure how much we continue with the treatment or how much we can gradually reduce it. What does " descalar" mean? If I reach the maximum dose of OSMPIC or Wigobi, which is 2.4, there are already protocols that include a higher dose of 7.2, or Munjaro, which is 15 mg. Hey, I've already lost weight, for example, what is the expected weight loss in a GLP1 type Wigobi or Munjaro patient between 10 and 20% of total body weight? Okay, let's assume a patient weighing 100 kg. Hey, I 've already dropped to 80, what do I do? Have I stopped taking the medication yet? If you stop taking the medication, that part of your brain that you're controlling will suddenly reactivate, and then the anxiety returns, the cravings return, the food cravings return, and then the weight regain starts again Uh, the same thing happens when you're like, "Hey, I stopped doing the intervention Bea gave me, I stopped exercising." Yes. No, no, no. I stopped exercising, I stopped being physically active because it 's raining. I quit or I changed jobs. It used to be two blocks from my house, and now it takes me two and a half hours. Ah, well, you already have less physical activity. So, that needs to be individualized. There is a very interesting study called the mount eh four and the and the step 4, in which the patients, all the research subjects, were titrated with the medication, that is, the maximum dose was reached, right? And in week 20 they were randomized to placebo or to continue the medication. And then you see how the graph of those who go to placebo starts to go up and those who continue the medication keep going down. That's the evidence we have to say, "Well, if I stop the medication, these parts in the brain and stomach are released and the main symptom, which is hunger, returns." right? So what we're looking for is to continue it. There are currently many research protocols that say, "Okay, uh, if I'm on Munlaro at 15 mg, what is the minimum dose?" What is the minimum dosage to maintain it? Patients that I have, for example, whom I operated on 10 years ago, since the pandemic, with all this stress and the change in physical activity, I have them in GLP1. So that? So that the part in the brain can regulate itself. It should be regulated. The part involving bariatric stomach surgery is done, but the part involving the brain is not. Obesity is a disease that is in the brain. So, that's why I also think it's important. Well, you also have the pleasure of being able to work with the endocrinologist Rut Cruz. Well, I've sent her several patients to whom she's given these medications, and the part I really love is, I repeat, the support they provide here, the nutrition, the exercise, but I always tell them when I'm going to send them with Rut, it's, look, you're going to have a lot of tests done, she's going to evaluate them, and I do want you to be very aware that if she prescribes any of these medications, you have to take responsibility, understanding that they are expensive medications. It's paying a small rent, it's not like I'll just take it like that, then you know, it seems too expensive, I don't want to take it anymore because I think we need to raise awareness that I think they're great, but things have to be done right and it's going to cost money, and hopefully for me it's very similar to metformin, which is a medication you can take for life, well, you'll be able to take these medications for life too, maybe in very low doses, as you say, it has to be individualized, but understanding that it will also have a cost and that the more physical activity and nutrition you have, the easier the process will be, right? Of course. And that goes hand in hand with being attached, that is, more and more they have to go about their lives, realizing that they have to do strength training, that is, three days a week, however little time they may have. I tell my patients, you have to do 15 to 30 minutes of exercise. If you're extremely busy, at least take one day off, one day off. You have to be physically active, you have to sleep better, but not because Fer Vea or I say so, it's because you can't skip any of these points to get and maintain the results you want and are looking for, and as Vea and Dr. Fer also say, taking responsibility and continuing to raise awareness is the most important thing for me . Look, your book is called Hungry, Hungry Brain. And if obesity isn't a matter of willpower, then it's not a matter of willpower, right? So, where can people find you? You can find me on all my social media as Drctor Pérez Galá, Dr. Pérez Galá and on the Bariatría Pro podcast on YouTube, Spotify and Amazon Music as well. Listen up, Fer, it's a pleasure to have you here today. How have we learned? How did we enjoy it? And I think you already know this phrase, the poison is in the dose. Bendita nutrición is an original production of Marta de Baile Podcast. Executive producer Carla Betanzo. Art production and design by Shanat Madera. Video production Mexican audiovisual factory. [music] Audio production by Enrique Ochoa. Original music by Juan Víctor Belizario. Coordination and communication: Daniela Maldonado and Monserrat Fajardo. Production coordination by Giovanni Verde. [music]

- Norwegian 4x4 Protocol, 4-7-8 Breathing, Liberating Beliefs about Aging to Add Years: Kind: captions Language: en So, what if I told you that um just a single thought in your head, like a really specific way you view getting older literally dictates your cellular biology enough to, you know, add seven and a half years to your life. >> I mean, it sounds like science fiction, right? Yeah. >> But the data is actually there. >> It's totally wild. So, today we aren't just talking about, you know, living longer. We're really getting into hacking the biological mechanisms that control how well you live. We're doing a deep dive into a huge stack of research, mostly anchored by the text, the longevity blueprint, vitality for brain and body, and we are pulling out the absolute most critical evidence-based stuff you can actually use. >> Right. And the key here, the really important part is understanding the mechanisms. It's um it's not enough to just copy some protocol you saw on social media. Yes. Because when you understand exactly why a habit works on a cellular level, like how it actually interacts with your nervous system or, you know, your mitochondria, it transforms from just a daily chore into this targeted lever you can pull to change your biology. >> I love that. A targeted lever. Okay, so let's just jump right into the data. Um, starting with metabolic health because there's this statistic in the sources about continuous glucose monitors that honestly it literally made me stop and reread the page. >> Oh, the sleep one. Yes, >> like we all know sleep is important, short, but the data shows that just one single night of bad sleep induces this state of temporary insulin resistance that is so severe your next day glucose levels can jump by almost 40%. >> Yeah, 40%. >> 40%. Just from tossing and turning in bed. I mean, how does that even happen? >> What's fascinating here is the underlying hormonal cascade, right? That 40% spike. It isn't just a random glitch. When you get uh a fragmented night of sleep, your body basically perceives that as a serious threat, >> like a survival thing. >> Exactly. It drives up your sympathetic nervous system, so your fight orflight response, and it just spikes your cortisol. And high cortisol basically screams at your liver to start aggressively dumping all its stored glucose into your bloodstream to prepare for an emergency, right? While simultaneously making your cells totally resistant to insulin. So your body is essentially barricading the doors to your cells, trapping all that sugar right there in your blood, >> which is, you know, a massive problem if you're waking up and about to eat just a normal breakfast. >> Oh, yeah. Huge problem. >> So the source gives this really specific protocol to counter this. It's from uh Cara Collier and Forza Nasser. It's basically a two-step process if you're having a carb heavy meal. >> Step one, you drink a small amount of apple cider vinegar, obviously diluted in water before you eat. And then step two, 10 to 15 minutes of movement right after. >> But like let's unpack this. Why vinegar? >> It really comes down to the acetic acid. So the acetic acid in the apple cider vinegar actively slows down gastric emptying. >> Okay? >> It essentially acts as this um chemical break. It holds the food in your stomach longer so the carbs are released into your intestines and then into your bloodstream at a much slower manageable trickle instead of just a massive flood. And at the same time, because it's so bitter, it stimulates your liver to release bile, which optimizes your digestion right from the top down. >> Okay, so the ACV slows the incoming tie to sugar. Makes sense. Then we hit step two, the movement part. The sources talk about how skeletal muscles act as a massive glucose sink, and they soak up over 80% of circulating blood glucose when they're stimulated. >> Right? 80%. It's huge. >> But I mean, let's be totally realistic here for a second. If I just ate a huge heavy meal, my parasympathetic nervous system is kicking in. I just want to rest and digest. >> You want to take a nap. >> Exactly. The absolute last thing I want to do is put on gym clothes and go do a full workout. So, if my muscles are a sponge soaking up that glucose, do I need to like totally ring them out with a massive gym session or is a quick wipe down enough? >> Oh, it is definitely just a quick wipe down. In fact, an intense sweat inducing workout right after you eat would actually pull blood away from your digestive tract >> and give you terrible cramps probably. >> Yeah, exactly. You really just need enough contraction to trigger these things called GLUT4 receptors. >> Okay. What are those? >> So, normally these receptors need insulin to essentially open the cell doors and let the glucose in. But muscular contraction physically forces those glut4 receptors right to the surface of the cell membrane which completely bypasses the need for insulin. >> Wait, really? You're bypassing the insulin resistance entirely just by moving the muscle. >> Precisely. It's an entirely different biological pathway. The sources actually share this brilliant case study about Cara Collier herself. She's a dietitian living in Phoenix where, you know, summer temperatures hit like 120°. >> Yeah. Nobody is going for a brisk post lunch walk in Phoenix, >> right? No way. So instead, she opts for just brief sets of bodyweight squats and push-ups right there in her office just between meetings. And this micro movement, it's totally enough to force those glut receptors to the surface and pull the sugar right out of the bloodstream. >> And the so what for you listening is that flattening these spikes prevents the formation of advanced glycation end products or AGs. >> Yes, AGs are awful. >> I always visualize AGs like this um biological caramelization process, right? Like when you have too much sugar floating around, it binds to proteins and fats and just stiffens them. It literally caramelizes your tissue which accelerates cellular aging. So you are essentially preventing that caramelization just by doing a few office squats. >> Exactly. And that biological reality that muscle contraction forces glucose out of the blood, it directly dictates our next focus. Because if skeletal muscle is our primary sink for metabolic waste, we really have to talk about what happens when that sink starts to shrink as we age, >> right? And the protocols for maintaining that muscle mass from Dr. Ben Bickman, Dr. Eric Helms, and JJ Virgin, I mean, they are intense. >> They don't mess around. >> No, they don't. To halt muscle loss, especially if you're in a caloric deficit, they prescribe resistance training two to four times a week. But honestly, the nutrition data is what really caught my eye. >> The protein threshold. Yes, the sources point to this massive meta regression like 800 participants showing this linear dose response relationship for protein. They say the optimal threshold to completely halt muscle loss is 1.9 to 2.5 gram of protein per kilogram of fat-ree mass, >> which is a lot, >> right? I have to push back here. 2 and a half grams per kilo for an average guy. That is an enormous amount of food. I mean, how do you even consume that without getting massive gastrointestinal distress or, you know, the proverbial meat sweats? >> It's a very valid challenge for sure. And it's exactly why the application of the data matters just as much as the data itself. You absolutely cannot eat that in one or two sittings. >> Okay, good. Cuz I was feeling a little sick just thinking about it. >> Yeah, your body actually has a cap on how much muscle protein synthesis it can trigger at once. It usually maxes out around, say, 30 to 50 grams of high quality protein per meal. And that's specifically gated by an amino acid called leucine. So to hit that 1.9 to 2.5 gram threshold without completely destroying your digestion, you have to evenly distribute it across four or five meals throughout the day. >> Oh, I see. Because if you just sit down and eat a massive 100 g steak at dinner, most of that isn't actually building muscle. >> Exactly. It's just being oxidized for energy or well excreted. But the reason these experts are so aggressive about hitting that high threshold is because muscle is fundamentally misunderstood by most people. It isn't just, you know, structural weight to move your bones around. Muscle is actually a highly active endocrine organ, >> meaning it secretes hormones, >> right? When you engage in heavy resistance training, your muscles synthesize and release these signaling proteins called myioines. >> Okay. And how do those work? Because the source text actually refers to muscle as metabolic spanx since it pulls everything together, which is a funny visual, but it sounds like myocines are doing something way more complex than just, you know, holding your stomach in. >> Uh, way more complex. They act like this localized anti-inflammatory pharmacy inside your body. When muscles contract against heavy resistance, they release specific myioines like interlucan 6. And those travel through your bloodstream to your liver, your brain, your fat tissue, and they actively turn down systemic inflammation. >> Wow. >> But here's the catch, and this is the scary part. The fast twitch muscle fibers, which are the ones most responsible for releasing these protective mioines, they are the very first ones to atrophy when we become sedentary. >> Oh man. So, if you don't use them, you don't just get physically weaker. You literally lose your internal anti-inflammatory pharmacy. You lose the pharmacy, which leads to a terrifying downstream effect. The data shows that falling into a state of physical frailty increases your hospital mortality risk by a staggering 8.2 times. >> Two times. >> Yeah. A minor fall or this a basic infection becomes a lethal event because the body has zero metabolic reserve left to fight it. >> That is incredibly sobering. And I'm thinking if you're listening to this right now and thinking, "Well, I haven't lifted a weight in 10 years. My joints hurt and I already feel pretty fragile." You might be wondering if you've completely missed the window, >> like is it actually safe to start loading the joints with heavy resistance at that stage? >> It is not only safe, it is literally the only way out of the fragility trap. >> Really? >> Yeah. The text highlights this physical therapy patient who got a really severe osteoporosis diagnosis and she was just devastated. Her doctor essentially told her to stop all impact activities. She thought her active life was totally over, >> which is what a lot of people hear, >> right? But under proper supervision, she implemented just 30 minutes of resistance and balance training twice a week. >> So just 1 hour total per week. >> 1 hour a week. And the mechanical tension on her bones signaled them to increase density, and the muscle growth totally stabilized her joints. She quickly regained complete physical autonomy and was confidently navigating stairs without any fear of falling, >> which proves the body is never just static. It's always waiting for a signal to rebuild itself. And I think this perfectly sets up our next major insight. Because all this physical stamina we're building, the heavy lifting, the vascular health, it isn't just about the body. The primary beneficiary of all that physical output is actually sitting right inside your skull. >> Yes. This is where the biological connections become just incredible. The physical endurance you build in your muscles literally clears the path for profound structural changes in the brain. So, the sources outline this cardio structure called the Norwegian 4x4 protocol, which is heavily championed by Tim Ferrris and Dr. Maje Fatui. And honestly, it sounds brutal. >> It's not easy. >> It's four rounds of 4 minutes of high-intensity aerobic exercise separated by 3 minutes of active rest. You are deliberately pushing your cardiovascular system to its absolute maximum capacity. But mechanistically, why? We just talked about muscles releasing myioines, but how does gasping for air on a stationary bike actually grow the brain? >> It's all about how the body responds to acute stress. When you hit that high-intensity threshold in the 4x4 protocol, you are temporarily creating a hypoxic environment, meaning your brain and muscles are burning oxygen faster than your lungs can actually supply it. >> Okay. >> The brain registers this metabolic stress and responds by triggering mitochondrial biogenesis. >> It'll do more engines. >> Exactly. It physically builds more energy producing mitochondria inside your neurons so they can handle the stress better the next time and simultaneously it triggers a massive flood of brain derived neurotrophic factor or BDNF. >> Now I've heard BDNF described a lot as miracle grow for the brain but I'll be honest that always felt a bit vague to me like miracle grow just makes plants bigger and it sounds like BDNF is doing something much more I don't know architectural. Yeah, Miracle Grow is entirely too passive of a metaphor. Think of your brain's neural network like a massive complex high-speed rail system. BDNF isn't just the electricity running through the wires. It's the track laying machine. Oh, >> I like that. >> Right. It actively promotes neuroplasticity by laying down new synaptic connections and reinforcing the insulation on existing pathways so signals can travel way faster. >> The track laying machine. That makes so much sense. And the data from the sources shows just how much track is actually being laid. They tracked this 12week intensive lifestyle program that used these exact stamina protocols. 84% of participants experienced objective cognitive improvements. >> 84% is wild. >> But the structural changes were what blew my mind. The participants successfully grew the physical volume of their hippocampus by 3%. And functionally, a 3% growth in the hippocampus equates to a brain that is literally 3 years younger. And Tim Ferrris notes that the structural volume changes from the 4x4 protocol can maintain that age reversal effect for up to 5 years. >> And the clinical outcomes of that are completely life-changing. Just look at the case of Carol, this 71-year-old patient detailed in the sources. She arrived at a brain clinic in a wheelchair, totally convinced she was facing a rapid, inevitable cognitive decline. She had lost all her independence. That's heartbreaking. >> It is. But after 12 weeks of progressively building her physical stamina and forcing that BDNF release, the track laying machine did its job. She was out of the wheelchair. Her energy levels rebounded. She was so sharp she was actually actively looking to rejoin the workforce. >> From a wheelchair to job hunting in 3 months. >> That is incredible. But um we do have to address the biological cost of all this, right? Building new mitochondria and laying down new neural tracks generates an enormous amount of metabolic waste in the brain. You can't just run the engine at red line all day long. You have to clear the exhaust. >> Absolutely. Which brings us to the glimpmphatic system. See, while you are awake, your brain is actively preventing waste clearance. It's way too busy just keeping you alive and processing the world. >> Makes sense. It is only during deep slowwave sleep that the brain cells physically shrink which allows cerebrros spinal fluid to rush in and wash all that metabolic exhaust out. >> And the sources show exactly what happens when you short change that process. Sleep deprivation doesn't just leave you feeling tired or groggy. It biologically reprograms you to gain weight. Just a few nights of poor sleep increases your hunger hormone grein by 20% and suppresses your sati hormone leptin by 15%. >> Because your brain interprets the lack of sleep as a literal crisis. If you are awake at 2 a.m. historically speaking, it meant you were in danger or you were starving. So it alters your hormones to make you crave hyper palatable calorie dense foods just to survive the perceived famine. So, how do we guarantee we get into that deep slowwave sleep to actually clear the exhaust? According to Dr. Michael Bruce in the text, it all hinges on one physiological requirement. To initiate sleep, your heart rate absolutely must drop below 60 beats per minute. >> Yeah, under 60. >> But you can't just forcefully tell your heart to slow down. So, Dr. Bruce focuses on timing and breath. He recommends anchoring your wake time perfectly to your genetic chronotype. you know, whether you are biologically wired as a lion, a bear, a wolf, or a dolphin. >> And the precision of that wake time is so critical because of the melatonin phase response curve. When sunlight hits your eyes at the exact same time every morning, it starts a biological timer in your brain. Exactly 14 hours later, your brain will naturally begin to secrete melatonin. You're basically surfing a hormonal wave that you initiated at breakfast. >> Okay? But even with melatonin flowing, if you get into bed and your mind is just racing about, you know, some dumb email you send at work, your heart rate isn't dropping below 60. >> No, you're stressed, >> right? To force that drop, Dr. Bruce introduces the 478 breathing method. You inhale for 4 seconds, you hold for 7 seconds, and exhale for 8 seconds, repeating that for 20 cycles. But what is the actual mechanism here? Like why those specific numbers? >> It's all about the prolonged exhale. When your exhale is twice as long as your inhale, it heavily stimulates the vagus nerve. The vagus nerve then releases a neurotransmitter called acetylcholine directly onto the heart, which acts as a literal break. It physically slows the electrical impulses that control your heart rate, forcing the cardiovascular system into a parasympathetic rest and digest state. >> Okay, the biology of that makes perfect sense to me. But in practice, counting breaths can be a massive trap. Like if I'm lying in the dark hyperfocused on inhaling for four, holding for seven, exhaling for eight, and trying to track 20 whole cycles, I inevitably lose count. >> Oh, everyone does. >> And then I get frustrated that I messed up, which spikes my performance anxiety, which spikes my adrenaline, and suddenly my heart rate is at 80, and I'm wide awake staring at the ceiling. >> It's a very common paradox. Yeah. Engaging the analytical part of your brain account actively fights the exact relaxation response you're trying to induce. But Dr. Bruce recognized this flaw and he actually hacked his own protocol. Instead of doing any mental math at all, he lies in bed and makes light fists with both hands under the covers. For every complete breath cycle, he just extends one finger. Once he hits 10 fingers, he reverses the process, bringing them back into a fist one by one. >> Wow. So, you completely bypass the prefrontal cortex. There's no counting, just a physical anchor. >> Exactly. It occupies the mind just enough to block those stressful ruminations, but it requires zero mathematical effort. It rapidly lowers sleep latency, which is the time it takes to fall asleep, and ensures you drop quickly into the deep enm sleep required for that glimpmphatic wash. >> That is remarkably simple. I love that. Okay, let's look at the whole system we've built here today. You're flattening your glucose curves with acetic acid and muscle contraction. You are optimizing your anti-inflammatory mioines with 2.5 grams of protein and heavy resistance. You're laying track in the brain with the Norwegian 4x4. And you are washing the brain's exhaust every night with Vegas nerve stimulation. I mean, it is a perfect biological machine. >> It really is. >> But here is the ultimate twist from the sources. You can perfectly execute the biology, but if the software running the machine is corrupted, the hardware still degrades. >> Yes. which is exactly why we have to examine the mind because your psychology is inextricably linked to your physiology. You can't separate them. >> And the data proving this is just jaw-dropping. Yeah. >> There is this massive long-term Yale study detailed in the text that tracks people's mindsets over time. They found that individuals in their 30s who held positive views about aging live 7.5 years longer than those with negative views. >> 7.5 years. >> 7.5 extra years. That is a larger lifespan increase than quitting smoking or significantly lowering your cholesterol. >> Yeah. >> But I need to understand the bridge here. How does a subjective thought in your head translate into actual biological aging? >> The mechanism bridging the two is a neurological concept called predictive processing. So your brain is trapped inside a dark skull, right? It doesn't actually see or experience the outside world directly. It actively constructs your reality by filtering sensory inputs through your expectations and beliefs. >> If you hold a limiting belief, for example, that aging is just a painful inevitable decline, your brain adopts that as the literal blueprint. >> So, it's constantly looking for evidence to prove the blueprint. Right. >> Exactly. And when it finds it, say you get a sore knee or you forget a name, it perceives it as a massive threat, which triggers a chronic stress response. you are basically bathing your cells in low-grade cortisol all day which drastically increases your alosatic load which is the overall wear and tear on your body. >> But if you flip it >> right if you hold a liberating belief that growth and neuroplasticity are possible at any age your brain filters reality completely differently. It interprets that same sore knee not as a threat but just as a normal signal to rest. The cortisol doesn't spike. The alosatic load drops. >> So your thoughts are literally commanding your hormonal state. But how do we actually intercept those negative blueprints when modern life is just constantly throwing stressors at us? The text highlights this behavioral tool from Near Isle and Dr. Mark Brackett called the meta moment. The idea is that when a stressor hits, you take a deliberate pause to breathe and actively envision your best self before you react. I look at the meta moment like a mental circuit breaker. You know, when a massive surge of electricity or stress hits the house instead of letting it run through the wires and fry all the appliances, the breaker physically pops. It buys you a second to assess before resetting the whole system. >> That circuit breaker analogy maps perfectly to the neuratomy. Actually, when a stressor hits your amygdala, which is the reactive emotional center in the lyic system, it wants to take immediate control. It just wants to fight or run. >> Right. Pure instinct. >> Exactly. The meta moment, that deliberate practice pause physically shifts the metabolic activity away from the lyic system and pushes it into the prefrontal cortex, which is the logical purposeful center of the brain. You are forcibly moving the electrical current from the reactive hardware to the intentional hardware. >> And when you teach people to use that circuit breaker, the environment around them totally transforms. There's this story in the text about a school implementing this that I just loved. A student was acting out on the playground, being super unkind. The teacher marched over, clearly frustrated, totally ready to discipline him. And this kid audaciously looked right at his teacher and said, "I think you need to take a meta moment first." >> Which is amazing. He essentially told her the circuit breaker needed to pop, >> right? But the crazy thing is it worked. The teacher paused, shifted the activity to her prefrontal cortex, and was able to view the situation with actual empathy rather than reactive anger. The text notes that during the pandemic, schools with leaders who actively utilize tools like the meta moment saw a 40% drop in burnout and frustration rates. >> That's a massive reduction. >> It is. When you reduce that perceived suffering and block the chronic stress loops, you maintain the motivation required to sustain all the other habits we've discussed today. Because if you are constantly burning out your nervous system with negative predictive processing, you won't have the energy to do the 4x4 protocol or cook your protein. The software dictates the hardware. And honestly, that's really the most actionable takeaway from this entire deep dive. Knowledge is completely useless unless you actually test it in your own biology. You don't need to implement all of this tomorrow. Just pick one mechanism to experiment with today. Drink the vinegar before dinner. Extend a finger while breathing tonight in bed. shift the blueprint. >> I completely agree. Just start with one mechanism and I want to leave you with a final thought to chew on regarding that Yale study in predictive processing. We started this deep dive talking about how the body isn't just a static house. It is constantly tearing itself down and rebuilding based on the signals you give it. If your brain literally filters reality based on your expectations and simply expecting a positive outcome buys you 7.5 extra years of biological life, what does that mean for the stressful catastrophic stories you might be telling yourself right now about your future? Is it possible that dreading the inevitable decline is the exact signal telling your cells to stop maintaining the armor? Thank you so much for joining us on this deep dive. Keep questioning the blueprint. Keep building.

- Ozempic Babies are Surprising Women on Weight Loss Drugs: This Fertility Doctor Knows Why: Kind: captions Language: en OIC wovi Muro I am sure you've heard&nbsp; these medications in the news and the&nbsp;&nbsp; media lately it seems like every celebrity&nbsp; is taking them uh the most recent Buzz about&nbsp;&nbsp; these medications are surprise pregnancy so&nbsp; people are posting on social media I was not&nbsp;&nbsp; trying to get pregnant I was taking birth&nbsp; control and I was on these medications and&nbsp;&nbsp; I got pregnant by surprise so are you&nbsp; surprised let's learn more about this phenomenon I'm Dr Laura Shen I'm a double board certified&nbsp; OBGYN and reproductive endocrinologist helping&nbsp;&nbsp; people with fertility for almost 20 years and I&nbsp; love educating thanks for finding this channel&nbsp;&nbsp; be sure and subscribe so you get my weekly video&nbsp; and I've got lots of information at my website Dr&nbsp;&nbsp; lin.com Instagram Tik Tok I just love educating so&nbsp; social media has been buzzing about women sharing&nbsp;&nbsp; surprise pregnancies while taking these weight&nbsp; loss medications or maybe for diabetes these&nbsp;&nbsp; semi glutide medications just look up the hashmic&nbsp; baby or manduro baby and you'll see women sharing&nbsp;&nbsp; their own stories now these are typically surprise&nbsp; pregnancies and even when women are taking birth&nbsp;&nbsp; control because most doctors recommend not trying&nbsp; to conceive while you're taking these medications&nbsp;&nbsp; so what is happening I'm going to go over five&nbsp; main topics in this video topic number one we're&nbsp;&nbsp; going to review exactly what semaglutide are and&nbsp; how they work topic number two we're going to go&nbsp;&nbsp; over the recommendations for people who are&nbsp; trying to conceive topic number three we're&nbsp;&nbsp; going to review how could people be getting&nbsp; pregnant when they're using birth control or&nbsp;&nbsp; these surprise pregnancies while they're taking&nbsp; these medications topic number four we're going&nbsp;&nbsp; to answer the question can people take semaglutide&nbsp; and try to conceive and topic number five should&nbsp;&nbsp; you worry if you are taking semag glues you&nbsp; are not ready to get pregnant topic number one&nbsp;&nbsp; what are semaglutide semaglutide are a class of&nbsp; medications that were designed to treat diabetes&nbsp;&nbsp; and they were found to have a very interesting&nbsp; side effect weight loss and the companies as&nbsp;&nbsp; well as people started realizing that this was&nbsp; happening and people started talking about it&nbsp;&nbsp; celebrities started taking the medications for&nbsp; weight loss the pharmaceutical company started&nbsp;&nbsp; designing different brands different doses in&nbsp; order to use these medications for weight loss&nbsp;&nbsp; and they come under lots of different names so&nbsp; AIC wovi Muro are just some of them um there's&nbsp;&nbsp; lots of different mechanisms for these medications&nbsp; but one of the ways that it causes weight loss is&nbsp;&nbsp; a slowing of gastric emptying so when the food&nbsp; gets into the stomach it just takes longer to&nbsp;&nbsp; kind of get out of the stomach and through into&nbsp; the intestines this people will feel like eating&nbsp;&nbsp; less um there are also some side effects like&nbsp; GI side effects and stomach cramps that's other&nbsp;&nbsp; reasons why people feel like eating less so it's&nbsp; typically the a calorie restriction from a couple&nbsp;&nbsp; of different reasons that is associated with the&nbsp; weight loss of course everyone is different but&nbsp;&nbsp; that's the general understanding topic number two&nbsp; recommendations if you're trying to conceive and&nbsp;&nbsp; thinking about or you're taking Sulu Tides the&nbsp; recommendation is to not take suag glues when&nbsp;&nbsp; you are trying to conceive and to stop them at&nbsp; least two months before you're actively trying&nbsp;&nbsp; to get pregnant the reason is in some animal&nbsp; studies there have been shown an increased risk&nbsp;&nbsp; of miscarriage and birth defects these have&nbsp; not been shown to happen in humans but with&nbsp;&nbsp; the animal studies and no long-term studies&nbsp; on humans yet the recommendation is better&nbsp;&nbsp; to be safe than sorry and to stop semaglutide&nbsp; before you actively trying to conceive topic&nbsp;&nbsp; number three why are people getting pregnant&nbsp; when they're not even trying to and they're&nbsp;&nbsp; taking these Stog glues even if they're using&nbsp; birth control so two theories Theory number&nbsp;&nbsp; one is that just weight loss in an itself can&nbsp; often improve chances of getting pregnant not&nbsp;&nbsp; for everyone people can be fertile at different&nbsp; weights but there are some people when they lose&nbsp;&nbsp; weight it helps with the hormonal access and&nbsp; communication ovulation starts happening more&nbsp;&nbsp; regularly there's better hormonal communication&nbsp; and immune communication in the Lyal phase when&nbsp;&nbsp; the embryo is trying to implant so there are&nbsp; people reporting who have been infertile for&nbsp;&nbsp; years uh some studies in patients with PCOS or&nbsp; poly cystic ovarian syndrome Etc where they're&nbsp;&nbsp; getting pregnant even when they aren't actually&nbsp; trying and it's probably because of these benefits&nbsp;&nbsp; surrounding the benefits of weight loss again&nbsp; everybody is different and this is a theory but&nbsp;&nbsp; it makes logical sense um so Theory number two&nbsp; as to why people are getting pregnant especially&nbsp;&nbsp; if they're taking birth control with these semi&nbsp; Glu tiddes well this goes to that delayed gastric&nbsp;&nbsp; EMP emptying Theory because most people that are&nbsp; reporting using birth control and getting pregnant&nbsp;&nbsp; on sag Glu tiddes are using oral birth control&nbsp; pills and oral birth control pills if there's&nbsp;&nbsp; delayed gastric emptying it could really alter&nbsp; absorption and how the oral birth control pill&nbsp;&nbsp; is functioning in the body so that could be the&nbsp; reason that the oral birth control methods are&nbsp;&nbsp; less effective now of course there could be people&nbsp; that might be conceiving with other types of birth&nbsp;&nbsp; control but this is what I've seen the most and&nbsp; what the theory is the most about lately with&nbsp;&nbsp; the information that we have right now so topic&nbsp; number four so if people are getting pregnant&nbsp;&nbsp; with simig Glides can you try to conceive while&nbsp; you're taking Sulu tiddes the answer is no so&nbsp;&nbsp; again to those animal studies showing increases&nbsp; of miscarriage and birth defects it's better to&nbsp;&nbsp; be safe than sorry and stop the semic glues at&nbsp; least two months before you're actively trying to&nbsp;&nbsp; conceive we may learn more in the future but this&nbsp; is the recommendation for right now topic number&nbsp;&nbsp; five if you're taking some oflu tiddes and you&nbsp; don't want to get pregnant should you worry well&nbsp;&nbsp; talk to your doctor think about your birth control&nbsp; method maybe think about um more than one birth&nbsp;&nbsp; control method um we're still learning about this&nbsp; we have a lot to learn um but this is definitely&nbsp;&nbsp; something that's out there people are talking&nbsp; about it there's a little bit of theories as to&nbsp;&nbsp; why this could be happening so if you really don't&nbsp; want to get pregnant and you're taking a stomach&nbsp;&nbsp; glutide think about your birth control method&nbsp; talk to your doctor about all the options that are&nbsp;&nbsp; available to you I hope you learned something from&nbsp; this video I love teaching like this video If you&nbsp;&nbsp; learned something comment with questions that you&nbsp; have be sure and subscribe to this channel so you&nbsp;&nbsp; get my weekly video All About reproductive health&nbsp; and until next week I'm wishing you love luck and pineapples

- Efeitos no CÉREBRO e potenciais BENEFÍCIOS e MALEFÍCIOS das “canetas emagrecedoras”: Kind: captions Language: en Hey guys. In today's episode, we're going to talk about the famous GLP-1 agonists, more popularly known as slimming pens, such as Zenique and Monjaro, which, as you probably already know, have become very popular worldwide in recent years, including here in Brazil, where it's become something of a craze, precisely because of their enormous potential to help in the weight loss process. Which leads me to believe that if you're listening to or watching this episode, it 's probably because you're interested in losing weight, are considering using these medications, or perhaps are already using them, whether prescribed by a professional or not . Or you want to understand in greater depth how these medications act on the body, how they act on the brain, what effects they have, both positive and negative, for professional purposes. Perhaps you 're a professional in the field and want to understand these medications a little better, in more depth, or maybe you want to understand them precisely to help you in your decision-making process , whether or not to use the medication, and make a more informed decision, right? Whichever option you choose, I can guarantee that this episode is perfect because I'm going to explain all of this in a clear and easy-to-understand way , okay? I'm going to explain how these medications work in the body and brain, how they affect the activity of parts of our body, areas of our brain, how they impact our behavior, and what kinds of benefits we can reap from this modulation, especially in the context of weight loss. But I will also bring up an interesting context that has emerged more recently in the scientific literature, which is the potential to use these medications in the treatment of some specific addictions. I'll explain this further later, and I'll also bring up the potential harms— the three potential harms, in my view—associated with the use of these medications, right? But ultimately , what I want to bring to you here is to equip you with all the knowledge, with all the scientific understanding of how these medications work, what the potential benefits and harms are, even to help you in a possible decision-making process . I want to bring up a series of reflections throughout this episode, especially at the end, particularly for those of you who are medications, are already using them, or know someone who wants to use them. This episode is perfect for equipping people with all the necessary knowledge they need to make a more informed decision, right? For those who don't know me yet, my name is Andrei Meer, and I'm a teacher. I have a master's degree and a doctorate in physiology, which is the science that studies the functioning of human behavior, with a focus on neurophysiology, which is the area that studies the functioning of our brain, right? Before we begin our chat, everyone, I have to ask you, especially those of you who have been following this podcast and project for a while, to help the project by liking this episode. Feel free to leave comments throughout the episode. Anyone who enjoys the work can subscribe to the channel here, regardless of the platform you're using. There will be a "like" button, and a "subscribe" button. Like, subscribe, and comment. This is interesting to me because it gives us a better understanding of what you want, what you're enjoying, and it also helps the platforms understand that it's valuable content that should be shared with more people, right? That being said, folks, let's start with the basics, the obvious, shall we? These are the slimming pens, which is the most popular term, but it's not the most appropriate term to use; it's always good to remember that we're talking about medication, okay? It's not a magic pen that will suddenly make you lose weight without any side effects. We're talking about medication, and it has to be treated like medication, right? The correct term to refer to this medication is GLP-1 agonists. What does that mean? From a scientific point of view, right? It's a molecule that mimics the action of a specific hormone that our own body produces called GLP-1, which stands for glucagon protein, a protein similar to glucagon, right? So it's a hormone that our own body produces, and its agonists, the GLP-1 agonists, are molecules that act in a similar way, more or less in the same places , producing the same effects, right? So they are molecules similar to hormones that our own body produces. There are several types of these molecules on the market. Two very popular ones here in Brazil are semaglutide, which has the trade name Ozenique, and tirepathide, which has the trade name Monjaro and has become quite popular, right? So, understand first that this is a medication, a synthetic molecule that will mimic the action of a hormone that our own body produces, right? It's important to reinforce, everyone, a brief historical aspect here: these medications were initially produced for the treatment of type 2 diabetes, which is the type of diabetes in which the individual is either unable to produce insulin adequately or the insulin is weak and unable to have the effect it should . So, are these medications still indicated for the treatment of this type of clinical condition? Because one of the effects of this medication, one of the effects of this hormone that our own body produces, GLP-1, is precisely to stimulate the production of insulin. So, for a person who has deficient production in some way, or whose hormone levels are relatively weak, medication can help by stimulating the production of that hormone, right? They were initially produced for that purpose, but eventually other effects and potential benefits began to be observed within some specific clinical contexts, more specifically the effect of aiding in the weight loss process, which is what made these medications really popular, right? Many people around the world, including here in Brazil, want to lose weight for numerous reasons. Some of these people are actually overweight or obese and need to lose weight for health reasons. But beyond that, another layer that I'm going to bring up for us to discuss is that there are other factors, other invisible forces, so to speak, which I'll talk about more at the end of the video, that may be encouraging people to seek weight loss, even if they don't need it. But regardless of anything else, folks, in fact, looking at the scientific literature—and I, along with my team, conducted a very extensive review of the scientific literature to understand where we stand regarding these medications, what their effects on the body and brain really are, their benefits and drawbacks. Looking at the literature, and being very honest with you, these medications do indeed have great potential to help with the weight loss process. So, when we look at the literature, we see that it can promote a weight loss of 10, 15, 20% of the original weight, right, over a period of approximately 70 weeks. I'm rounding off here because it largely depends on which medication is being used. It's the Ozempique, the Monjar, or some other [method], the dosage, the protocol, the person's lifestyle, whether they have habits of exercising or not. There are a number of factors that will ultimately affect weight loss, right? But just to give you an idea of the magnitude, we're talking about a significant weight loss here, right? From 10 to 20%, something around approximately 15 to 16 kg in a process over a period of 70 weeks, right? It really is a very powerful medication in helping with the weight loss process. But here I wanted to highlight an interesting point that I wanted to bring to our discussion, for the reflection of those of you who are considering its use, whether indicated or not. We're looking here at data from patients who were actually indicated to use it. These are usually patients who suffer from at least some type of obesity, or they have type 2 diabetes, as I mentioned a moment ago, right? And they, we're talking about data here obtained from a treatment period of approximately one and a half years, 70 weeks, right? So, this illustrates an interesting aspect of the use of these medications: they are usually part of a treatment plan, right? The medication, as I 'll explain in a little bit more detail, is never the treatment itself; it's part of a long- term treatment that can last many months, sometimes even years. But anyway, getting back to the point, folks, looking at the literature and being completely honest, it really is a medication that can be quite helpful in the weight loss process, right? So, what is the cause of this weight loss? It's very important that you understand this. What is actually causing a person to lose weight in this slimming process through the action of these medications, these slimming pens, right? These medications really do have a metabolic effect, right? As I mentioned to you, one of the effects of these molecules is to stimulate the production of insulin, which is one of the main hormones involved in our metabolism. It's not the only one, there are several others, but it's a very important one. It's that hormone that tends to be released after a meal. And it goes there, sorry experts, but it goes there, it acts by kind of taking the nutrients that have just entered and sending them inside the cells to be used as an energy source or to be stored in our energy reserves, right? So it's a very important hormone in our metabolism in general, and these medications will indeed have some metabolic effect, but the main factor that leads to weight loss is a behavioral change, right? These medications, as I will explain to you in detail, artificially promote a behavioral change. The individual begins to feel less appetite, less desire, less motivation, less willingness to eat, feels more satiated, and experiences what is characterized as a behavioral change in relation to food, which effectively leads to a lower calorie intake, resulting in weight loss. Now, everyone, let's make this clear, especially for those outside the field, that every change in behavior is the result of changes in brain activity, in specific areas of the brain, as I 'll explain to you in a moment. So, let's delve a little deeper into this so you understand, so it doesn't just remain a superficial thing, like, "oh, the medication reduces appetite." Let's try to understand a little better what this appetite reduction is, so you can really understand how these medications are acting on people's bodies and brains, and what the potential benefits and potential harms are, okay? There is at least one potential harm that I don't see people discussing much, which I personally consider very relevant, and that is related to how these medications act on the brain, right? So let's take a step back to understand a little better and talk a little about basic physiology. What is the basic action of this hormone called GLP1, right? So, these medications, right, Zenpique again, ZPIC, Monjar, or any of that type, what they're doing is mimicking the action of a hormone, which is this hormone called GLP-1. Let's take a look at what GLP-1 is, when it's produced, how it's produced, and what effect it typically has on a person's body , right? GLP1, as I said, is an abbreviation for Glucagon-like Protein, a protein similar to Glucagon, okay? A protein that looks like another hormone called glucagon, but anyway, it's a hormone that's produced in the intestine, especially in the final segment of the intestine, in a portion that we call the... you don't need to memorize this, it's just for those who want to delve a little deeper, because I know there are many professionals who follow my content and maybe they are here studying, wanting to understand in more depth, right? And then I'll mention a few names, a few more things for those who want to delve deeper. But anyway, the important thing here is to understand that it's a hormone produced in the gut, and the main stimulus for its production is eating, it's feeding yourself, right? Even before eating, we can already experience some stimulation in the production of this hormone, especially in the brain. It 's not just the intestines that produce GLP-1, this hormone. We have areas in the brain that also produce this signal. So, even before you eat, you may already have GLP-1 being released in areas of the brain, already promoting some modulation, but the main stimulus for producing this hormone in sufficient quantity to be released into the bloodstream is the meal itself. So, when nutrients reach the intestine, especially the final portion of the intestine, we have specific cells there called L cells, which will release this hormone. This hormone will act in various places near the intestine itself, or in distant places like the brain, starting with what is closest, right? So, let's imagine here that it's a hormone, a chemical signal that is released in response to a meal, right? So, the chemical signal is telling the body in general that the meal is being eaten, that it has been eaten, that nutrients are arriving, and the body has to prepare to deal with that, right? This hormone acts in the stomach, which is one of the places where it acts. It acts in several other places; I 'll mention the main ones, right? It acts in the stomach, decreasing stomach motility. So, the chemical signal arrives in the stomach and says: "Stomach, hey, uh, nutrients are arriving in the intestine, there are already plenty of nutrients, so calm down, stop moving so much," because it's precisely the motility, the movement of the stomach, that causes the food to be digested a little inside the stomach and then propelled into the intestine. So, from the moment a chemical signal decreases the motility of the stomach, the food tends to stay longer in the stomach. It's as if it delays the digestion and absorption process of the food. It's a signal that's kind of regulating the process there, right? So, if nutrients are arriving in the final portion of the intestine, it's because there are already plenty of nutrients in the intestine that are processing and absorbing food, and it tries to hold things back a little in the stomach. As I also mentioned, another place where GLP-1 will act, and I'm talking about normal people, okay? In the body of anyone who isn't even doing [something unclear - possibly a medical procedure]. Using one of these medications or not , right? It's a hormone that the body itself produces. So, once a meal is eaten, this hormone is released, and it also acts on the pancreas, stimulating insulin production. Makes sense, right? So, nutrients are being absorbed, stimulating a hormone that will participate in the uptake of these nutrients and cause them to enter the body's cells in general so that this nutrient can be used or stored as a reserve, right? So, it decreases stomach motility, stimulates the production and release of insulin, right? And that's precisely one of the reasons why these medications are also used in the treatment of type 2 diabetes, okay? Now, perhaps more interesting for our discussion here are the effects that these hormones have on the brain and on a person's behavior , on the brain, on sensation, motivation, perception, and behavior in general. And this hormone can act on various areas of the brain through two main pathways that I will only mention again here for those who want to delve a little deeper, okay? So this hormone... It's produced in the gut, right? And it can act locally on a set of nerves, let's say , that connect the gut to the brain. There are several ways in which the brain and gut communicate, what we call the gut-brain axis. There are several ways. The brain and gut are communicating a lot; one influences the other. I'll even give a very interesting example here of how the gut can affect brain function and consequently a person's mind and behavior. So, this GLP-1 hormone, which is produced during or after a meal, can act on a set of nerves that connect the gut to the brain. One nerve, in fact, specifically a very famous and important one, called the vagus nerve, right? For those who aren't in the field, imagine it 's a wire connecting the brain to the gut. And then the GLP-1 hormone goes to the tip of this wire connected to the gut, signals there, and this generates a signal that reaches the brain and modulates the release of GLP-1 in the brain itself, right? So this is one way... This GLP-1 hormone, produced in the intestine, can affect the functioning of areas of the brain. Another, more obvious way is that the hormone is released into the bloodstream, circulates throughout the body, and eventually reaches the brain. It has to cross a barrier that separates the blood from the brain, which we call the blood-brain barrier. It's like a barrier, like the barriers we have around countries that allow some people to pass through while others don't. We have this in the brain. Not just anything can enter the brain. GLP-1 is a molecule that can enter the brain; it's a hormone that can enter and access areas of the brain, at least in some places, although we don't yet know exactly what the mechanisms behind this are. But anyway, another way the hormone acts on the brain is by entering the bloodstream, reaching the brain, and acting on various areas . And here's a very important point: when we look at the areas of the brain that have a receptor, a place for this hormone to bind and produce some effect... In effect, the number of areas is surprisingly large, right? And there are many areas involved in generating the desire for food, generating the urge to eat, generating the urgency to eat, generating the perception of hunger. All of this, all these sensory, perceptual, and behavioral elements related to the act of eating are coordinated by specific areas that are modulated by this hormone. And I would like to mention here for those who want to delve deeper, which areas I am referring to. So, one of these areas is the famous hypothalamus, which is a region generally involved in keeping us alive. It's there monitoring body temperature, controlling our metabolism, and controlling, to some degree, our eating behavior, right? It's a region that signals that it's time to eat. It's been a while since you had a meal, it's time to eat, it participates in generating that experience that we call hunger, right? Another set of areas that is also modulated by this hormone, GLP1, are those areas that together we call the reward system, which you probably already know. I've heard a lot about it, that it's associated with habit formation, addiction, motivation, desire, and the pursuit of rewards in general. So, we have several areas there, just to mention a few: the ventral tegmental area, which is one of the main places of dopamine production; the nucleus accumbens, an important region in making us seek things, having motivation to do things, right? Uh, uh, the orbitofrontal cortex, an area of the brain involved in evaluating the value of possible behaviors, including eating habits, right? So this set of areas that together we call the reward system, they have a place where this hormone can bind and modulate the activity of these areas. Two other interesting areas that are modulated by this hormone are the amygdala, a region essentially involved with emotional processing, so those emotions associated with eating—and there's a lot of eating, many people eat because of emotional issues. So, perhaps that feeling of urgency to eat something specific at the moment a person is feeling bad, this will probably involve the activity of this area that we call the amygdala, which will activate there, generating That feeling of urgency, right? And another region called the insula, which is an important region in building our internal perception of our body. So, that perception of hunger or even disgust, is an area that will participate in this perception in a general way. All these areas involved with desire, motivation, urgency to eat, the sensation of hunger, are modulated by this GLP-1 hormone, and they are modulated, you could infer, in the sense of inhibiting the activity of these areas or modulating the activity of these areas within this context of eating itself, right? So, what is the result of this modulation by this GLP-1 hormone in these areas of the brain? The person tends to feel more satiated in general, right? So, the meal tends to be more satiating, let's say. So, a smaller meal will already satiate the person. The period between meals, in which the person feels satiated, tends to be longer. The person tends to feel more satiated. Their appetite decreases, the desire for food decreases. When they see A food that might previously have been a trigger, making her crave Nutella, a hamburger, or a pizza, she doesn't feel as much desire for, doesn't feel as much appetite for, doesn't feel as much motivation to seek out food, to actually eat. So, in fact, and it makes sense, right? Because think about it, we're talking about a hormone produced in the gut that's associated with meals. Its function is precisely to signal to the body: "The meal is over, you can stop eating, you don't need to eat anymore." It tells the stomach: "Stomach, stop moving because there are already plenty of nutrients in the gut." It tells the pancreas: "Pancreas, produce insulin because nutrients are coming in. We need to deal with it and metabolize it correctly." And it signals various areas of the brain: "Brain, there's food here, you don't need to eat anymore, you do n't need to seek out more, you don't need to expend energy on this." And that's effectively what happens, right? Now, an important point is that I'm talking about the normal action of this hormone. And the normal action of this hormone is that the body... Everyone produces this hormone, and it's temporary, right? So, when you're about to eat a meal, the tendency is for the levels of this hormone to increase a little before, during, and after you have a peak, right? But then the levels of these hormones drop to basal levels, right? It has its function, but after the levels drop, it stops acting, right? So, this whole effect we're talking about is usually periodic, okay? And having said all that, folks, I hope it's clear, and I apologize if I'm bringing up too many names. I want more, it's more for those who really want to delve deeper into this subject, right? But having said that, I hope the action of this hormone in our body is clear. If I ask you how medications act in the body, you'll know the answer, right? Remember, these medications, Ozempique, Monjar, any other of these, are nothing more than a molecule that mimics the action of the GLP-1 hormone. That's why we call them GLP-1 agonists. It's as if they act in the same place as GLP-1, right? And it will have all these same effects, right? So this medication will decrease stomach motility, which may explain some of the possible side effects, as I will discuss later. It will stimulate insulin production, which is why it is type 2 diabetes. And it will act on all those areas of the brain that I mentioned to you, which are involved with appetite, motivation, eating habits, and the urge to eat. And these medications will act to inhibit the activity of these areas, especially in the context of eating, of ingesting something, right? So, when we look at studies to see the effect of these medications, what we see is very curious. If we put patients, individuals who are using these medications, inside a functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) machine, which is equipment that allows us to evaluate the activity of brain areas while the individual is doing something there, and we show images of food to these people, we see less activation in all those brain areas, right? So, in a normal individual, especially if they are hungry, when you show them a picture of food they like, right? When you see food you like, the tendency is to activate, in a way, the activity of these areas. You see an increase in the activity of these areas involved with desire, hunger, motivation, and eating habits , which is precisely what's behind making a person think, "I want that, I'm going to get that, I'd like to eat that, that would be good," without desire, right? When a person is using this medication, these areas have reduced activity, right? Which explains the lower desire the person will have, the lower will they will have to eat. And it's curious, something the data shows is that this inhibition of the activity of these areas in the context of eating seems to be more evident when we show high-calorie foods. So what we're seeing is a reduction in activity under the effects of medications, right, LP1 agonists, Monjarosque and everything else. We see an inhibition of the activity of the Areas involved with desire, motivation, and habits are activated when a person sees an image of food, especially a high-calorie food, which is precisely the type that should activate these areas even more . So, what we're seeing here is that these medications are modulating these areas in a way that makes the person want less, seek less, desire less, right? And I'm going to open an interesting parenthesis here, folks, to comment with you on the following: in some cases of obesity, these areas involved with desire, motivation, and habit actually tend to respond even more to the image of food than normal, right? This is a functional alteration that we can observe in the brains of at least some people who suffer from obesity. When we look, it seems that the person's brain is hyper-reactive to food cues. So, when you show a food cue, in a normal person, you will see an increase in the activity of these areas involved with hunger, desire, motivation, and everything else. In obese individuals, it is common to observe even greater activity. It's as if they were even more reactive. So, those areas, including those involved with emotional response, are also affected. Generating a sense of urgency, as is the case with the famous amygdala, tends to be even more activated in some obese individuals when they see images of food. This is one of the reasons why this medication is indicated in the treatment of some cases of obesity, precisely because in these cases the brain is hyperactive to food cues. This medication comes in and lowers the volume, like, " don't react so much," it modulates the areas there, right? The medication itself goes there and modulates the activity of these areas, causing them not to respond as much. And in the case of these obese individuals, what is curious is that at the same time that these circuits are hyperreactive to food cues, they seem to activate less after the individual has ingested food. So those areas involved in generating the sensation of reward and sometimes even pleasure tend to be less active than normal. So it's reversed. Before eating they are hyperactive, making the person crave more than normal. And after the meal, some of these areas are hypoactive, they activate less. This leads to a relatively lower feeling of satiety. It's a pattern we observe even in cases of addiction, right? Some specific drug, where this is quite characteristic. The urge to use the drug is disproportionately high, and the satisfaction after use is relatively lower, right? Which generates a vicious cycle, right? So, in some cases of obesity, we can observe this type of neurological and behavioral alteration in the context of eating. And medication is very useful in this scenario because it modulates precisely these areas, making the individual desire less, have less motivation, and seek less, while at the same time feeling relatively more satiated. That's why in some cases of obesity there is an indication to use these medications, right? Now, something very curious and interesting, especially for you who are a professional in the field and want to understand a little better the effect of these medications on the brain and body, seems to indicate that these medications actually act by modulating these areas of the brain; it's not necessarily a general inhibition. So the medication goes there and acts on areas involved with, as I said... For you, it involves motivation, emotions, and everything else, but it 's not a general action. The person won't necessarily have less motivation to do other activities, right? It's really a modulation of these areas in the context of eating. It seems to be a specific modulation for ingestion behaviors, of eating and drinking things that will have some effect on our body, right? Which partly explains a very interesting potential that we are seeing in the scientific literature regarding these medications, which is their potential to be used in the treatment of some specific addictions, especially those addictions that involve ingestion, such as, for example, alcohol consumption, nicotine, opioids, which in the end is still ingestion that will have an effect on the body, that will generate a kind of reward signal. Some principles are similar to eating in general, right, especially high-calorie foods and everything else. There's a very good literature. I'll even leave the material here in the description for those who want to delve a little deeper into this, but there's a very interesting, very hot literature showing a very interesting potential for these medications to also be used in the treatment of addiction. Because what we see is that people, and there are already some studies showing real effectiveness in this sense, experience less desire for food in general, but also less desire to consume alcohol. And sometimes it's a person who had an abusive use of alcohol, you know, consumed too much alcohol, in short, fell into a category, let's say , of addiction, right, of alcoholic beverages, right? And these medications seem to decrease the person's appetite for this type of thing as well. It's not just food, it can be drugs in general, which opens a very interesting door because there are some addictions, as I've discussed in other episodes, that are difficult to treat, right? It's a long- term job. So, medication that can help in the process of quitting a drug, let's say, can be very interesting, but we still need more studies to validate the safety, the appropriate protocol and everything else, right? You have to take one, I'm not trying to make any prescriptions in this sense. So, folks, looking at the scientific literature, right, on how these drugs... This medication, these slimming pens, they work, and the quantitative effect they have, what I can tell you is that it's a very effective medication in helping control a person's eating behavior , helping them to control themselves in a certain way, not to eat so much, not to overindulge, and so on, thus aiding in the weight loss process. They are really very effective medications in this sense, and relatively safe. But, but a very important point here, please note, there's always a price. There's no way we can avoid paying a price. Starting with the financial price, which you should already be aware of, right? It's an extremely expensive medication . So, think about it. Currently, I'm recording this episode in January, and we're talking about a cost of over R$1,000 per month, right? So it has a relatively high cost, right? Eventually, we'll have generics, or some other more affordable options, but for now, we can start by talking about a very reasonable financial cost. And besides that, inevitably, folks... once we start using any medication, whatever it may be We take risks. And I wanted to highlight three risks here for you, three possible side effects that are associated with the use of these medications. As I told you earlier, one of them is, I would say, relatively under-discussed, but I consider it very relevant. But before discussing these potential pitfalls, I wanted to take a moment here to tell you that if you want to delve deeper into this subject, especially if you're a professional, I'll leave a link in the description to some educational material we've produced, covering everything about these medications, how they work, their effects, the quantitative aspects, and the social implications. Take a look, maybe you'll be interested in studying it, in delving deeper. Furthermore, I have a postgraduate degree in behavioral neuroscience, which has numerous related areas that explain in more detail everything I've tried to convey to you. We have classes about self-control, habits, motivation, eating behavior, and eating disorders. I'm going to record a lesson about how these medications work, a lesson with slides, explaining in more detail everything I've covered so far, and what I'll continue to cover throughout this episode. So, stay tuned. I'm going to include this lesson in a postgraduate course, but I 'm also considering making it available to the general public. So, take a look at the description, keep an eye on it, because if we manage to release this lesson with more details to a larger audience, I'll put the link in the description here. And don't forget to like and comment! Take advantage of this mini-pause I'm taking to like, regardless of the platform you're using, comment, and subscribe to the channel. The simple fact that you're interacting with me here already helps the project grow and helps me understand what you want, what you want more of, what questions you have, right? If you've made it this far, and I've been talking for about 30 minutes, it's because you 're enjoying it. Welcome! You might be a nerd like me, and you're really enjoying this episode. Okay, so enjoy it, do it with a lot of care, and leave a comment below telling me what you think, other topics you'd like to see, and any questions you have so I can plan more episodes and bring you more content, right? Okay, close the parenthesis, everyone. So, going back to the point, understand that this medication, like any other medication, has associated risks, possible side effects, and potential harms that you need to understand, especially those of you who are considering using the medication or are already using it. Regardless of whether you have a prescription for the medication or not, it's important to know the potential harms associated with the medication. The first one I wanted to draw attention to is, actually, taking a step back, right? An understanding that I wanted you to have. As I mentioned earlier, this hormone GL LP1 is produced by our own body, right? The difference is that our own body produces it within a specific rhythm associated with the meal. When we eat, the hormone levels decrease, then fall, increase at the next meal, then fall again. So what we see is this hormone fluctuating throughout the day in association with meals. When a person uses this type of medication, this molecule will be acting all the time, or almost all the time, right? The treatment is designed for that purpose, so the molecule acts there as if it were an artificial brake that's always on , right? So we have to imagine that under the effect of the medication, these areas, including the stomach and pancreas, will be modulated and influenced at all times. This comes at a price, it definitely comes at a price. It's the equivalent of putting a turbocharger on a car. The car will go faster. It will go faster, but there's a price to pay. You'll wear out the engine more, you 'll use up the oil more, the engine's lifespan will be reduced, and other things like the brakes not being as good in corners. They're good on the straightaways, but not so good in corners. Ultimately, we always pay a price, and it's no different with this medication, right? And the first possible price that I would like you to understand you will pay is that, perhaps once you start using this medication and effectively begin to consume fewer calories and effectively lose weight, understand that depending on how you are doing it, especially if you are doing it alone, without the supervision of a qualified professional, you may end up creating a kind of dependence on this medication to maintain your appetite, your desire. reduced size and relatively low weight. So, I understand that these medications work like a kind of artificial chemical brake that's circulating in your body and acting in various places. It's decreasing your appetite, your desire, your motivation. You're craving less, eating less, and everything else. But from the moment you stop taking that medication, you'll be removing that brake. Appetite, desire, and motivation will return, perhaps even with a rebound effect. Perhaps. That's not what the scientific literature shows, but it's a possibility that once you stop the medication, interrupt the treatment with the medication, your appetite will return. You 'll feel the urge again, you'll feel desire again. If you haven't developed greater self-control or promoted more lasting changes in your habits over this period , you're likely to go back to square one. And in fact, when we look at the literature, what we see is that interrupting treatment is associated with significant weight regain. At home, he regains between 30% and 70% of the weight he lost. Sometimes the individual needs to resume using the medication. After undergoing treatment for a long time, they stop, a long time passes, they gain the weight back, and they have to start treatment again. So , folks, what's new is that, ultimately, we're talking about behavioral change in this case, dietary change. So, the person uses the medication, great, you'll feel less desire, you 'll eat less, but if you don't make other changes that will be more lasting, once you stop the medication, everything will go back to square one. Your weight will return to zero. Perhaps you feel even worse because now you have to compare it to when you were thinner. Ultimately, you could end up creating a dependency and causing even greater suffering in the future if you simply use this medication without planning, okay? So there's a possibility that you could develop a kind of dependence on the medication to keep your desires down and your weight at a lower level, right? Second category of potential harms associated with these medications. As you may already know, there is a relatively high probability that once you start using these medications, you will experience some type of gastrointestinal symptom. So think about it, it's a hormone that is released by your intestines. When you defecate, it affects various parts of the body, including the gastrointestinal tissue, as I mentioned earlier. One of its effects is to decrease stomach motility, which means that food will stay there longer, right? So it's very common to observe gastrointestinal symptoms, such as nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, reflux, constipation, and a feeling of fullness, precisely because you're interfering with a system that impacts, among other things, the gastrointestinal tissue. According to an estimate I was able to gather from the scientific literature, approximately 60 to 75% of people who use the medication experience some type of gastrointestinal symptom. It's actually very common, you must have heard of people using it. And then it says: "But that 's not a big deal. It can be a big deal, it's quite uncomfortable, right? Gastrointestinal symptoms, right? Nausea, vomiting are very uncomfortable, they have a relatively large potential to decrease your quality of life, right? And it can, and of course it varies a lot from person to person, but it can reach a point where the person interrupts the treatment. Even people who have an indication to use this medication, eventually they interrupt it. However magical and promising the medication may be, however tempting the medication may be, especially for those seeking weight loss, sometimes the gastrointestinal discomfort is so great that it makes the person abandon the treatment. Just so you have an idea of how uncomfortable this can be, especially at the beginning of treatment, right? So, there is a great deal of discomfort in having to deal with gastrointestinal symptoms. This is a major, a second major possible harm associated with the use of the medication. And third, but no less important, is that there is some literature indicating that the use of this medication is associated with a greater loss of lean mass." The individual will lose weight. Yes. Part of it is fat mass and part is lean mass. What do I mean by that? Part of the weight, the majority, generally speaking, is fat, and a portion, around 20 to 30%, is muscle, right? With the use of medication, if we compare people who are losing weight naturally, let's say , without any medication assistance, and people who are losing weight with the use of medication, we tend to see a greater loss of muscle in people who are using these medications, right? Especially if the person is not having adequate nutritional monitoring, and if they have a lower protein intake. Why? Appetite decreases, the desire for food decreases, the person ends up ingesting less food, fewer calories, including protein. And this can contribute to the person losing more lean mass. And it's a type of tissue that is relatively difficult to recover, right? Because in addition to diet, you need specific stimuli, such as strength training, weightlifting, to develop the tissue. So it 's not such a... it's a loss of... Muscle tissue is important and not so easy to recover later, right? And this has two implications. The first is an aesthetic issue that we can't ignore, right? I understand that many people want to lose weight for aesthetic reasons, and that's fine, there's nothing wrong with that, I don't want to judge that. I perfectly understand, the person wants to feel more beautiful, more attractive. I'll make some comments about that in a moment. But so, if someone wants to lose weight for aesthetic reasons, understand that you might lose more muscle, and that can impact aesthetics as well, right? Much of the beauty standard, the aesthetic standard we have today, involves maintaining lean mass, isn't that right? So, understand that you might suffer some aesthetic drawbacks as well, right? But beyond that, if you're concerned about health in general, understand that muscle tissue is very important for the health of the body and brain. People tend to think that muscle is only important for moving the body or for getting fit. Far from it, folks, muscle tissue is... Importantly, it communicates with the entire body, it produces chemical signals, it signals a lot of things, and it's relevant, including for us to be able to maintain our precious mental health. Even the quality of your sleep depends on your muscle tissue, especially in older people . He said: "Attention, older people, I'm referring here especially to those over 40, which is my case, I'm almost 40 years old." It's common to experience greater loss of lean mass; it's common to lose more lean mass as we age. Therefore, in an older population , it is even more important to be careful about the loss of lean mass. So, keep in mind that using this medication, especially if not supervised by a professional, can cause a person to lose important body tissue, both for feeling more beautiful and for becoming healthier, right? So, these are the three main potential harms that I want to bring up here for those of you who are considering using the medication or who are already using it , right? In the first part, I explained how it works and the potential benefits. It can really help a lot in the weight loss process; it's very powerful. It might even help in the treatment of addictions, it might help with other conditions like type 2 diabetes, but it comes at a cost, right? A person can develop a kind of dependency; they use the medication, lose weight, and become trapped by it because if they stop taking the medication, they go back to eating more and gaining weight. And perhaps once she regains the weight, she will suffer even more. compared to what it was before she took the medication. That could happen, right? So, it creates a kind of dependency on a medication, and an expensive medication at that. She may have to deal with gastrointestinal symptoms that can be much more uncomfortable than people imagine, and she risks experiencing a relatively greater loss of lean mass, a very important tissue for both aesthetic and health purposes, right? So, I hope this allows you to understand a little better what's happening and helps you make a decision. But I wanted to offer one final reflection here for you all, especially for those of you who are considering using the medication or are already using it—a reflection without judgment, you know, for the sake of personal growth, so that you can mature and make a more conscious decision that is ultimately best for you , right? And I wanted to ask a question here for all of you to reflect on, for all of us to reflect on, right? If you are considering taking this medication to lose weight, or are already taking it, I have the following question for you: why do you want to lose weight? It's out of necessity, Andrei, I really am overweight, I'm obese, and I consulted a doctor about it, and it's part of the treatment, you know. I'd like to understand a little better. Beautiful, wonderful. Or the professional who's assisting you, they'll know how to talk to you and converse with you better than I can, okay? If I say something contradictory regarding the professional who is assisting you, trust the professional more, okay? It's a matter of necessity; being overweight and having excess weight can be associated with various health problems. In some cases, obesity itself can be understood as a chronic disease that needs to be treated throughout life . The medication can really help a lot; there's no problem with these medications, they are truly very effective. It's a great scientific advancement, a wonderful help, but we must always keep in mind that no medication is a cure. Regardless of the clinical picture, medications are part of the treatment. So, while you're artificially curbing cravings and appetite, there's a whole process of behavioral change, psychological and nutritional work done with the person to promote more lasting changes, so that eventually, when they stop taking the medication, they'll be able to maintain that lifestyle, maintain a relatively lower weight, and a healthier condition . So there's work that needs to be done alongside the medication, otherwise, when you stop taking the medication, everything will go back to almost square one, right? So, why do you want to lose weight? It's out of necessity. Beauty. And now another possibility, could it be due to dissatisfaction with her own body? Be very honest, if you want to put it in the comments, you can, but if you don't feel comfortable, you don't have to. I understand that there are many people who, well, literature shows this, right? Many people are dissatisfied with their own bodies. Often, these are people you may even know. I have someone very close to me who even authorized me to mention her here, which is Mari, my fiancée, who is slim, beautiful, and wonderful. I'm in love with her, and I see her suffering every day, thinking she's fat, that she's not pretty, and everything else. So, I understand perfectly, I don't want to make any kind of judgment, but I really want to invite you, who are in the same situation as my fiancée, for example, to reflect on this. Is this your case, are you unhappy with your body? So, Andrei, I'm unhappy with my body, I'm not feeling good about myself? I'm feeling beautiful, handsome, and everything else. It's an aesthetic issue. I just wanted to give you another piece of information to fuel your reflection, to help you mature this and perhaps help you get through this process in a way you never imagined, which is this: there are forces at play, right? You're unhappy with your body, you don't feel beautiful, you have low self-esteem. Understand that this may not be due to you not having a beautiful body or not being beautiful. Not having a beautiful body, having a beautiful body and not being beautiful, but rather due to the influence of a very powerful and invisible force that is affecting us all. I am influenced by it, you are influenced by it, everyone is influenced by this invisible force that is social force. Don't underestimate the power of social and personal influence. You might be feeling bad, whatever the reason, it doesn't matter. with your body, with your weight, with your face, with your nose, with your ear, whatever it may be . Perhaps you are feeling unwell. It's not because you're not beautiful, or because you have no value, or anything like that; it's because you're suffering from the influence of a social force that's telling you this in an almost imperceptible way. And these aren't voices in my head. There are several studies showing this. I'll even include a review here for anyone who wants to delve deeper into this . A review that evaluated several experiments and other studies showed the following. Look how surprising! If you show, expose a person, whether woman or man, to images of other people within the so-called beauty standard, people that we would currently consider beautiful, thin, and fit, if I show images to these people, right? So, it shows images of skinny, beautiful women for women, for example, or skinny, strong, well -defined men for men, right? Images of people conform to the ideal beauty standard. What we observe, and this is something we can measure, is that because of this exposure, the images, the fact that the person has only seen the images, makes them more dissatisfied with their own body. That's what the experiments show. Just so you have an idea of the potential of this invisible force, which is social influence, that we experience all the time, both inside and outside of social media. So, let's say you arrive at a laboratory, and the researcher will show you images of people, images of women and men that you find attractive, thin, and so on. And then I'll give you a scale , so you can somehow rate how satisfied you are with your body, with different parts of your body, how you perceive your own body. What we observe is that the simple act of exposing people to these images causes them to become dissatisfied with their own bodies. And sometimes we even observe a change in the perception of one's own body image. It's unbelievable, isn't it? So, simply seeing pictures of other beautiful people can make you feel fatter, with localized fat deposits. The other day I was talking to a colleague of mine, Ana, who is a nutritionist, and she was mentioning something I'd heard my fiancée, Mari, talk about, and I've heard other people talk about it too, which is this feeling, when a person is eating something, it's as if they feel a part of their body swelling. That's impossible , it's not that fast, is it? a much slower process. But the person notices that, I understand that. I don't want to downplay the suffering. The person really feels like they're gaining weight, really feels like they're fat. She really realizes she's fat. For someone on the outside, like me, sometimes I look at it and think, "Wow, that's crazy, isn't it?" In the case of my fiancée, I really think she's beautiful, wonderful. Yes, I'm in love with her, obviously, she's my fiancée, right? And, and this is crazy to me , because I'm really seeing it, she's thin, she's beautiful, I think she's gorgeous, and I see her actually believing that she's fat, that she 's not beautiful. And that could be due to social influence. It seems that a large part of this dissatisfaction we have with ourselves, including in relation to our bodies, is due to social influence, right? So, we're talking about images and everything else here. You might be wondering, "So, Andy, does that mean that if I spend my time on Instagram looking at pictures of all those good-looking people , it's going to make me feel worse about myself?" That's exactly it. That is exactly what the scientific literature indicates. So, depending on the artificial environment you're in on social media, the social influence you're experiencing there might be making you feel worse about yourself, consequently leading you to want to lose weight and consider using a controlled substance that has several potential side effects. So, again , folks, the goal of this episode is to equip you with understanding and knowledge so you can make a more informed decision and everything else. I don't want to pass judgment, right? Whether you're using it or not, with or without a prescription. Yeah, right? No, it's not up to me to make any kind of judgment. I understand the suffering that may be behind someone seeking these medications, right? It can be a really bad suffering when a person feels bad, feels ugly, and doesn't feel like they belong to a group they want to belong to. This really needs to be considered, right? But I can't help but bring up this data about social influence, because ultimately, maybe—I don't think this video is going to make you change your mind—but keep in mind that maybe, just maybe, you already have everything you need to be happy and fulfilled. Done. Perhaps you are already what you can be, what you are: a beautiful and attractive person. Perhaps this perception that you're not who you truly are is due to an invisible social influence we experience both within and outside of social media, right? Anyway, I only have one suggestion for you. They are considering using the medication or are already using it, right? Just one thing, right? Consult a professional, right? At the very least, to make an assessment, perhaps you have a referral, he will give you a referral, he will give you guidance on which one to take, how to take it, what frequency, at the very least, at the very least, have at least one consultation with a psychologist, nutritionist, or psychiatrist, especially one who specializes in behavior, because in the end, everything we've discussed so far is about changing behavior, right? Everything is about behavior. The drug works by changing behavior. Weight loss occurs primarily due to a change in behavior. Maintaining weight after stopping medication depends on behavioral change. So in the end, it's all a matter of behavior. There's a psychological issue behind it as well, as I just mentioned, right? This issue of dissatisfaction with yourself can be explored. So, in any case, whether you're going to use it or not, whether you have a prescription or not, my suggestion is to consult a professional—a psychologist, neurologist, or psychiatrist who specializes in behavior in general, okay? And if you're a professional, like a nutritionist, psychologist, or psychiatrist, who wants to delve deeper, wants to understand more thoroughly how these medications work, behavior in general, habits, desires, self-control, behavioral change, body image, self-esteem. I have some recommendations for you. The first one is a text that we prepared ourselves; we did an extensive literature review and built the scientific teaching material for anyone who wants to delve deeper into this topic about LP1 agonists, the weight-loss pens. Here's a link below so you can access it. And I also invite you to check out, without any obligation, the postgraduate course in behavioral neuroscience, which is already in its fourth or fifth cohort, I can't say for sure, but it has wonderful classes for those who want and need to delve deeper into these subjects professionally. There's a class about how our brain constructs the perception of our own body. There are classes about the mechanisms behind motivation, habit formation and maintenance, and the necessary mechanisms involved in promoting self-control, including in the context of eating behavior. There are classes on eating behavior, eating disorders, and mental disorders. So, take a look. I'll leave a link in the description so you can learn more about the postgraduate program. We should be opening a new class soon, and you can start preparing if you want to be part of that next class, right? And I'll say upfront, as I mentioned earlier, that I'm going to put together a lesson on the topic of this video. If you've made it this far, you must have loved this episode. So, I want to invite you to this class. I think it will probably be just one class, but maybe more than one, I do n't know, a class with slides, explaining in more detail where the hormone goes, where the medication acts, what it does, what it doesn't do, bringing in some studies, the scientific literature, a class really about the neuroscience of slimming pens, let's put it that way, right? It's going to be part of the postgraduate program, right? It will likely be part of the module on eating behavior and eating disorders. But beyond that, I intend to find a way to make this class available to the general public, so that those who are not yet part of the postgraduate program can also attend this class, considering that it is such a relevant topic, a topic that people need to learn more about and study more about. Well, I don't know when this class will take place, so keep an eye on the description here. I don't know when you're listening to or watching this episode, but take a look at the description. As soon as we have a date for this class, we will post it here. Then you can sign up to watch that class. Alright, guys? With that, I conclude this episode. I hope this has been helpful, that it has clarified things, and that it helps you to better understand these medications and to make better, more informed decisions. I invite you to leave a comment here to help the project. Tell me if you liked this episode or not. Ask me any questions you have, or suggest any topics you'd like me to explore in more detail. I've talked a lot here about self-esteem, about satisfaction with ourselves, with our own bodies. If you want, I can come up with and record an episode specifically about this, or maybe some other topic, whatever it is, that caught your eye the most, put it in the comments. It's important for me to be able to have a dialogue with you all, right? So I can get feedback from you all, and so I can think of other episodes that you yourselves are interested in. If you've made it this far , you absolutely must enjoy this episode, right? There's a little heart somewhere here for you to like the episode. And don't forget to subscribe, there are many more episodes. from the podcast. I don't know if you 're on Spotify or YouTube, take a look here, browse around. There are several other episodes where I explain various other things. It has lessons on motivation, episodes on addictions, episodes on habits, and episodes on studying. So, regardless of the topic you're interested in, there might be other topics that interest you. Alright, guys? Well, I hope that's clear, I hope it helps. Anyway, folks, as always, it was an immeasurable pleasure and we'll see you in the next episode. Until then . M.

- High vs Low Reps (Science-Based): Kind: captions Language: en High Reps or low reps which is better many people believe that aiming for a high rep count is better for cutting and getting very defined muscles with visible striations meanwhile low reps are better at building more muscle mass and bulking up however neither of these statements is actually true and there are many outdated misconceptions that people still have when it comes to choosing the best rep range for their goals so in this video we'll go over the benefits and drawbacks of each so that you can choose the best rep range for yourself let's first Define exactly what I mean when I say high or low reps High Reps when it comes to weight training typically involve sets that are greater than 12 reps per set 12 to 20 reps is the standard range as doing more than 20 reps will often lead to a breakdown in form due to the amount of fatigue that sets in meanwhile low reps are commonly associated with any rep range from 1 to six reps per set but usually you'll stick within a range of 3 to six reps to minimize the chance of injury obviously low reps are usually performed in combination with a much heavier weight load meanwhile High Reps requ require a lighter weight load the idea that high repetitions inherently lead to more defined muscles is a very outdated and common misconception having more cut visible muscles is usually referred to as muscle definition or muscle tone and both are primarily influenced by two factors muscle size and body fat percentage while high repetition training can contribute to muscle size it doesn't have a direct correlation with building more defined muscles you're not going to burn significantly more fat from doing High Reps either and there's no way to Target fat burn to specifically burn the fat away from the muscles you're working it might feel like that's what's happening from the enhanced muscle burning sensation and the bigger pump that you'll experience during High rep workouts but even though High Reps can increase blood flow to the muscles you're working and they can create a temporary feeling of tightness and fullness this does not translate to long-term muscle definition so when it comes to muscle definition aside from genetics the two biggest factors that are actually in your control are building your muscle side through resistance training while also reducing overall body fat percentage which mostly boils down to maintaining a proper diet plan without addressing the body fat component even well-developed muscles will stay hidden underneath a layer of body fat so regardless of your rep range you can still get very defined muscles just by building them up and staying lean that's right both High rep training and low rep training can be very effective for muscle growth in their own ways for example let's start with high rep training metabolic stress is a big component of muscle growth and it's generally higher when performing High Reps rather than low reps this metabolic stress triggers the release of growth hormone and igf-1 which both play a key role in boosting muscle protein synthesis and helping with the muscle repair and growth process typically during High rep sets the muscles that you're working will also get a greater amount of tuut or time under tension not only will you feel more fatigued the longer a muscle is activated during a set but more time under tension also stimulates the recruitment of both slow twitch and fast twitch muscle fibers so even though fast twitch fibers are in fact more associated with heavier weight loads while slow twitch fibers are more associated with higher reps better resistance to fatigue and improvements in endurance-based activities the constant stress placed on your muscles during High rep training will actually engage both fiber types effectively the major downfall of high rep training in terms of muscle growth is when you go overboard with reps if you try to do any exercise for 50 or 100 reps like let's say weighted squats for example there's a high chance that your form will start to break down or you'll need to take a break due to excessive fatigue and exhaustion rather than your muscles actually failing this is why I suggest if you're trying to build muscle with high rep training still use heavy enough weights that limit you to under 20 reps before you fail or at least come close to failure now low rep training offers its own unique set of advantages for muscle growth for example since it's associated with heavier weight loads it requires the recruitment of a higher percentage of muscle fibers specifically the fast twitch fibers which have a greater potential for overall growth low rep training also places a very high demand on your central nervous system leading to beneficial neural adaptations like increased muscle motor unit Recruitment and improved coordination between your nervous system and your muscles this is how low rep training can lead to much greater strength gains than high rep training increased strength can then allow you to lift heavier weights which contributes to Progressive overload consistently increasing the overall stress placed on your muscles over time is one of the main factors that leads to Greater overall muscle growth and low rep training helps you do just that the downfall with low rep training is twofold first of all low rep training requires heavy weight loads to be effective and those heavy weight loads Place more strain on your joints and connective tissues if you have improper form with heavier weight loads it can easily lead to injuries like muscle strains joint inflammation or full out tears the other issue is that low rep training doesn't stimulate slow twitch muscle fibers very effec effectively so muscle fatigue can actually lead to a strength Plateau this is why purely for muscle building purposes I recommend combining both high and low reps for example a very simple way to structure this is to perform 3 to six Reps for 3 weeks and then switch to 12 to 20 Reps for 3 weeks each of these rep ranges should be done with a heavy enough weight load that takes you to failure within that rep range by switching back and forth like this you get the best of both worlds this is because it's important to realize that muscle strength and muscle endurance can each independently cause a plateau so by working on both you can actually get stronger Target slow and fast twitch muscle fibers more effectively and build muscle faster so when your muscles are put through the demands of the high rep periods your body will actually respond by increasing the number and the efficiency of mitochondria within your cells and becoming more resistant to fatigue mitochondria are referred to as the PowerHouse of the cell because they play a crucial role in energy production this this improved ability to use oxygen for sustained energy will carry over to your lower rep periods then those lower rep periods will place a much higher mechanical load on the muscles which will increase the size and strength of the contractile proteins within the muscle fibers like actin and myosin this increase in force generation will then carry over to your high rep periods ultimately you're creating a cyclical upward spiral this is why you're likely to notice that each time that you switch rep ranges you'll be able to perform a heavier weight load than the last time you were at that same rep range the improvements from one rep range transfer over to the other helping you break through plateaus and that's the whole point now of course if your goal is purely performance rather than muscle growth you may want to choose one rep range over the other and stick to it that's because activities such as long-distance running cycling rowing and longdistance swimming are all much more dependent on muscular endurance and those slow twitch muscle fibers so if your goal was to perform your best at a marathon it would make sense to focus Fus Less on squatting the heaviest weight load you could force out for three reps and instead focus more on higher reps to develop your endurance capacity working specifically on these higher rep ranges will make your body adapt so that it can more efficiently utilize oxygen and clear out metabolic by products it'll also increase your ratio of slow twitch fibers which like I said are highly efficient at utilizing oxygen to generate energy on the other hand if your goal is to get better at sprinting powerlifting or explosive sports with short bursts of activity like football then you may be better off focusing on Lower rep ranges these lower rep ranges will improve power output explosiveness and central nervous system efficiency this can help you tackle harder Sprint faster or lift significantly heavier weight loads there are also other sports that require both fast twitch and slow twitch fiber such as soccer boxing and wrestling these activities have short intense bursts of explosive movement coupled with prolonged periods of sustained muscle activation that requires endurance for example a boxer needs to bounce around the ring sometimes for 12 full rounds while also throwing bursts of explosive punches in between so it's beneficial for these kind of activities to perform both High Reps and Low Reps during your workout routine and remember the 3 weeks of low reps followed by 3 weeks of High Reps is just one way to set up your routine to get the benefits of both you can also do both within one workout for example let's pretend you're trying to increase your push strength as well as your endurance you always want to perform your heaviest compound lifts first so that fatigue isn't as much of a limiting factor in the amount of weight you can lift so you can start your workout with three really heavy sets of bench press for three to six reps then for your next three sets you could perform six to eight reps of dumbbell presses with a drop set of 20 reps at the end of each set so you would use a heavy weight for 6 to8 reps then immediately drop to a lighter weight load for 20 reps alternatively instead of the 20 reps of dumbbell presses you can perform push-ups to failure at the end of each heavy heavy dumbbell press set this would allow you to train muscle strength and muscle endurance all within one session and there are actually many other ways that you can set this up in a nutshell When comparing one rep range against the other there is no one best rep range it highly depends on your goals but to put it simply there are individual benefits to each rep range research and organizations like the National Academy of sports medicine have shown that a rep range of 1 to six per set is best for increasing muscle strength than 7 to 12 reps per set is most often recommended for increasing muscle growth and 12 or more reps per set are best for increasing muscle endurance however by performing all of these rep ranges you can get benefits from each of them and that can be invaluable especially when it comes to breaking through plateaus and sticking points so that about wraps it up I really hope you've enjoyed this video if you have make sure you subscribe to my channel and if you want a done for you program that lets you stop wasting time and helps you skip all the that trial and error you can register now for my free 6 we sh you'll go through a streamlined process that includes full workout programs with a guided video exercise Library a personalized meal plan a 42 recipe cookbook and a coach to guide you through the entire program to find out more head on over to my website where like I said you can get all of this for free as long as you put your best foot forward and simply stick to the plan we create for you for the 6 weeks by sticking to this plan you'll get incredible results and we'll get an incredible before and after picture to find out more about our free six we sh click the link below in the description or you can head straight on over to the website at gravity transformation.com I'll see you guys [Music] soon

- Your Goal LEAN Physique - Expectation vs Reality: Kind: captions Language: en chest up shoulders back this is Revival Fitness your home for gains and brains and we need to have a very tough conversation I'm trying to give you a warning now so that you don't have to figure it out yourself the hard way later on be sure to check out the body composition Bible this goes over all kinds of details about nutrition not just another calorie and macro calculator and be sure to check out the programs on my site as well not only exercises on a sheet I break down everything you need to make serious gym progress in the long term but I think anybody who has done a major cut has experienced this you get to that point where you've been cutting for a while and you look in the mirror and it's like I did not anticipate being here you thought you were going to be farther along and then it hits you oh man I need to do this for longer and you may already be in a heck of a battle at that point so let's start with some examples of me these are roughly 8 years apart and it may not look like it but I am almost the same weight in these pictures around 152 to 155 lb but on the basic level the lower body fat that you get the smaller that you're going to look walking around dayto day but the better you're going to look in photos so there is that inverse relationship that throws a lot of lifters off and to make matters worse because a lot of guys don't even have the ab muscles that they anticipated once they cut and then you're like well this doesn't look good at all and then people often times go into a serious dirty bulk I call it the desperation dirty bulk to overcompensate for that and that's how a lot of people end up yo-yo dieting all the time they drop a lot of weight don't like how they look regain a bunch of weight think it's going to be a bunch of muscle mass of course it's not and then they just go back and forth in perpetuity the purpose of this video is not to scare you into cutting that said you need to realize that if you do have that goal you want to get shredded and have the six-pack have the Aesthetics get that lean Greek god physique that is always so popular most of you were probably much farther away from that than you think we're going to further analyze my physique in a moment but the amount of Simply scale weight you have to drop to get to sub 10% body fat it becomes very apparent and a lot of guys they're going to tap out of the cut before they even get to that point I put this on my Instagram story this was a number of weeks ago with this point the first one in the white tank top I was a few weeks out of my show at the end of May and then the one in the black tank top that was a number of weeks after my show and I said guess the weight difference 10 to 15 lbs got a lot of votes most people voted 16 to 21 lb 22 to 27 also got a good amount of responses then at the very bottom 28 plus pound only got 9% of the vote and wouldn't you know the option that got voted the least by far was correct the way difference in these two pictures was 30 lb 155 up to 185 this is what I'm talking about with the scale difference I obviously gained some body fat in the photo on the right now that said you can still see lines in my legs I still have noticeably Capp shoulders I still have visible ABS at this point you can't see them in this photo but they're apparent even still as I'm into this bulk and my face is obviously much Fuller on the right I didn't realize this until after the show watching some videos that I was recording leading up to it but my face got so gaunt it's almost hard to look at that now but again that is simply the price you have to pay to get genuinely ripped not just lean ripped there is a big difference between the two and that is something that we need to cover as well because you often hear the terms ripped and lean and shredded and peeled they get used kind of interchangeably depending on the circumstance in bodybuilding it's called conditioning but I want to draw a distinction between these terms and map them out more so because I think it's important for the overall context so you see body fat charts a lot and the main issue with these body fat charts is that it's almost always different people and it's going to be different lighting different angles of pictures so you can get General estimates based on these things but I think the best way overall would be using the same person in the same exact spot in the same lighting but also keep in mind the body fat is going going to look different on different people the more muscular you are you're going to look leaner at higher body fats you could have different muscle fiber distribution you could have different limb lengths you can have more visible ABS just from the onset some people get lucky that way some people have six packs some people genetically only have four packs so even if two people get to the same rough percentage of body fat one may look leaner because of that there's a lot of confounding factors when it comes to this but here is my overall breakdown I consider lean in the low teens body fat so that's going to be anywhere from say 12% down to 10 or so that's going to be typically like okay looking good for the beach maybe you're going to a rave or something or a vacation it's something that you can cut down to and it should not be terribly hard you could even maintain it long term if you really wanted to but I think every man should be able to get to the lean state if they want to but I've talked to a lot of guys over the years and still talk to them they struggle greatly to get below even 15% body fat and there's a lot of factors that go into it Beyond simply oh just calories because some people can cut and cut and cut and they're in this steep deficit and their body fat still doesn't seem to go anywhere get the body composition Bible I break all the variables down there far too many to go over in this video I think not only do a lot of guys want to be there but I think it's something that once you have your training and diet really dialed in you should be able to do now this body fat percentage is not going to win you any major bodybuilding shows but this is the fitness industry and we all have crippling body dysmorphia so not good enough that goes into the next tier you could say 8% to 10% body fat I would call that ripped so this is where I would classify myself going into my show now I put up this short whenever I was a few days out and I had this inbody scan it said I was 3% body fat and that's just not correct I appreciate the machine trying to gas up my head and I will say whenever I first got the result I was feeling pretty good but even then I did not believe it I mean 3% I don't know if there's anybody on the Olympia stage that is a legit 3% body fat but 8% to 10% once you have a good muscular base built that's going to be the point where you have like visible lines in most places of the body and for most guys you get to this point that's when the side effects of cutting if you've made it this far are going to become very pronounced the sex drive is going to tank your energ is going to be in a hole workouts are going to be suffering you're going to be fighting hunger constantly you get to that sub 10% Point 8 to9 and we'll talk about incorrect body fat measurements in a moment CU a lot of guys have those wrong too but you get to that point you're going to be on The Struggle Bus then going even lower than that is what I consider shredded this would be 6 to 8% body fat and realistically aside from bodybuilders I don't think anybody's going to get to this point and that goes into the final category I would call this peeled you see that term a lot I would say peeled is sub 6% and you see some guys talk about oh man I was 3% body fat on stage or this guy was whatever insanely low number Ronnie Coleman famously broke the chart he was like negative body fat you hear all this lore from guys especially old heads that believe this stuff so realistically for the average guys goals getting to the lean part of this scale is going to be plenty and as you build more muscle over time you could even look lean at Mid team body fats even perhaps into higher teens body fats the problem is when you consume a lot of Fitness content you're going to always see shredded models and bodybuilders and other people like that so the reference points that you have are skewed and a lot of guys will realize that even if they want to reach the ripped end of this scale even if they get close a lot of the times they'll realize that was just not worth the price I paid whether you are 20% body fat or 5% body fat muscle is the key to making it look good so on the screen now you can see some examples I found just doing random searches of incorrect body fat estimations so there's a subset of people that are going to overestimate their body fat because their body dysmorphia is at that level but what a lot of guys do if they're not in that mindset they're going to say that they are probably 3 to 5% body fat less than they actually are I very commonly see it around the 5% range so you'll see a dude that has some semblance of abs and he's say 15% realistically and guys online will say that he's 10% or even a guy that is say 9 to 10% body fat if he flexes hard and gets under that perfect down lighting it can really change the appearance to make it look based on first visual it's like oh man you're five or 6% proo you're freaking peeled a lot of comments on the short I posted prior to the show a lot of guys were saying oh man I think you're like 6 or 7% body fat bro I thought I might have been there briefly but upon further inspection I realized that I was not so I was pretty vascular overall leading into the show especially if I had just trained the veins are going to be more pronounced but I could still pinch a bit of fat on my stomach so if you're going to get truly shredded you're going to be able to pinch a very thin layer mine was I don't know what exactly to call it but it was more than thin there was not like a huge noticeable split from the upper to the lower PEC and in a lot of pictures as well it looked relatively smooth there was not that shrink wrap look you hear that said in bodybuilding a lot so that's something to consider too then going down to the ABS my abs were pretty well defined I would say but that lower part of them you could call that the main struggle area for most people when it comes to belly fat I had a pretty hard time getting that to go away that is something again it just takes chipping away so much more to lose incrementally little bits more of body fat for that crazy look to really happen and I did not fully get there and then even going down to the glutes because in bodybuilding people completely obsess over glutes striations bro it's just always said it's like that is the true marker the Pinnacle of leanness I could see I thought a bit of them if I was under the right lighting and flexing the right way but overall I did not have serious dations in my glutes either to get to that point I probably would have to lose an extra 2 to 3% body fat and the thought of that right now even is just harrowing I could just put it like this if you have genuinely been below 10% body fat you will know because you have felt it the side effects are undeniable they're going to be apparent at that point just getting relatively Beach lean it is not the same thing it is two totally different animals getting to those points even if the body fat percentage difference is only say three to four it is that significant in terms of the cost of getting there so we've talked a lot about fat but there's two other variables to consider two the first one being water retention and if you are somebody that is always eating higher carb which is standard advice both in the fitness industry and outside of it in terms of each gram of carbohydrate that is going to take about three grams of water in terms of storing it on your body when it becomes glycogen so the more carbs that you eat the more water you're going to hold by default and also the more sodium that you consume the more water you're going to add on top of that as well so this is why a lot of the time you'll see guys on their bulks they get that Moon moon face effect this is one of the reasons why guys are led to believe that they're packing on size during a bulk even if their gym progress is going up they're going to think they're going to put on more muscle than it's just feasible in that time frame they're going to balloon up with water also consider taking creatine that also is going to drive water into the muscles too so you have all these factors your water weight's going to go up and up and up and guys think that it's muscle mass cuz you fill out the shirts some more and then whenever you cut down this becomes very a so when I started my most recent cut I was about 200 lb and I had been eating how I just described and it was only a matter of I think a couple weeks or so I dropped almost 10 full pounds and the amount of body fat loss that's going to happen in that time frame is not going to be substantial but if you go on simply what the scale says and you're thinking only in terms of fat being lost you'd be led to believe that what really was happening was that I was shedding a lot of water weight because I went from a very high carb diet down to I think I was under 50 g of carbs a day right out of the gate whenever I was cutting so that difference alone produced big changes on the scale that did not line up with actual fat loss if you want to get a true gauge of your body composition without the water weight variable you could do that for even a brief period of time say even a week or two just to kind of see where your weight stabilizes at and how you look without holding the extra water weight but that water variable especially if you change your diet up frequently eat different things and also depending on how you react to certain foods as well that water weight aspect can fluctuate pretty heavily and that's one of the reasons a lot of people who obsess over the scale they freak out in the short term because there's a basic water fluctuation and they automatically link it to oh I gained fat or I've totally stalled on the fat loss and that might not be the case and that brings us to the final aspect here muscle mass so I put out a recent video how to keep the most muscle Mass when cutting and especially the more and more that you cut the more important that becomes that said I do think the notion of losing muscle mass on a cut has been pretty overblown the main reason being if you are eating sufficient protein the chances of your body breaking down those proteins which is what muscles are almost exclusively made out of it is very very low only in scenarios where you could classify them as an emergency from the perspective of the body very very low body fat perhaps that could start happening but the average person is never going to have their body fat get that low ER go you using up muscle mass on a cut that's really never going to happen so a lot of the time whenever guys will lose strength on the cut and I talk about this a lot because guys try to argue with me oh no bro muscle mass is just the only thing that matters fat is irrelevant body fat assists muscle mass in lifting by giving you better leverages you're going have more overall energy and the body fat can serve as a cushion for the joints and the tendons and the muscles to to operate with and sort of bounce off of and that can make a major difference I mean especially in things like the bench press I speak from painful experience here if I lose even a few pounds my bench press will typically Plateau pretty much immediately and it may even go down a bit and on the flip side if I've been stuck at a bench press plateau and I suddenly get a jump on the scale I'm probably going to break it pretty soon that's how it goes and that's going to vary per exercise per person but overall that is the consistent Trend more powerlifters at least the guys are closer to 20% body fat than 10 I mean some You could argue are closer to 30% so whenever you see your gym performance going down during a cut it's not because you're losing Muscle really you don't have those leverage boosts that increased fat as well as water weight are going to give you but that's exactly why cutting can be so painful because you lose all that fat over whatever length of time that you do like I said it's probably going to take longer for some of you than you realize it is and you're like oh my God I think I lost muscle mass you probably didn't you probably just didn't have as much muscle as you thought to begin with but you have to account for all of these things when it comes to body composition especially whenever you're trying to get lean because having unrealistic standards and expectations for how big you're going to be once you cut down how fast you can cut down and they starve themselves do a ton of cardio you're not going to win that battle for long your hunger is going to beat you often times pretty quickly and some people in general their nutritionist so out of whack that they struggle to drop just basic percents of body fat down so there's a lot to consider here if you guys want to get in direct contact with me the best way to do so is on patreon one-on-one conversation there and you get lifetime access to our Discord server but this has been it for me guys thank you very much for watching shout out to the patreon supporters and all of those in the Discord and who engage regularly on this channel be sure to get the body composition Bible and your program down below make this as streamlined as possible stop wasting your time I'll lay it all out for you there and use my links down below to save money on some great products and services as well and I will catch you guys next time [Music]

- How To Know When It's The Right Time To Cut | Mind Pump 2805: Kind: captions Language: en Cutting. It's the process of getting leaner, but it's very difficult oftenimes to determine when it's the right time. In fact, most people make a big mistake. They start cutting at the wrong time. And this is what really screws them up. So, we're going to talk about that. How do you know when it's the right time to go on a cut? >> I think this is actually one of those things that isn't talked about um enough. assumed >> that as soon as you get back into exercising or back into your routine that you start right off on a cut. And even though this is a little bit different uh talking about competitors, bikini competitors, men's physique, bodybuilders, but I wouldn't take uh a client on that was trying to compete that had already determined their show until I had a ch a chance to train them in the off season first before we determine the show >> for the reasons that we'll probably get into right now. because where you're at um calorie maintenance-wise, metabolically uh before you go into a cut is so important to the success of that cut. >> It's it's one of the biggest Yes. So, here's the deal. Everybody goes on a cut when they work out or should I say most people like most people work out because they want to get leaner. It's the number one uh fitness goal. Um so, it's super common. Everybody tries it. Everybody fails. like everybody fails. Uh if you look at the data on weight loss, this is some of the best data we have around fitness. We don't have a lot of good data on building muscle or improving athletic performance. We have some but not a lot. But the one that's measured the most is weight loss because it's the most common goal. And what we see is within a year, uh almost 90% of the people that lose weight gain it back. >> Um and and if you extend it out, I've always made this argument, if they extend those studies out by 3, four years, I bet you it's closer to 95%. which means you have a point uh you know you have a a a 5% chance of long-term over a few years success with weight loss. And one of the reasons why people consistently fail while you're going to fail is because you do this uh at the wrong time for the wrong reasons. And this is almost always going to lead to failure. So I think we should back up first for people who aren't familiar with the word cut. Like what does that mean? Uh it means uh you're you're pursuing your diet or looking at your diet and trying to change it in a way to lose body fat. >> That's what a cut is. A cut is I'm trying to lose calories body fat. And the terminology that we're using is cut. >> Uh now I like to extend uh the this way I would communicate this to my clients and I'd say the goal of a cut is to lose body fat but to keep it off forever. So people don't ever add that second part. It's like, I want to lose body fat. Well, do you want to gain it back? Of course not. >> Oh, I would add one more to that. Uh, our goal is to lose body fat and maintain as much lean body mass as possible, which I think is is very important to add to that >> that doesn't get added to that many times. Many times it's I just need to lose weight. You know, they a client comes to you uh and they say they want to lose 50 pounds and I don't care. I just need to get this 50 pounds off me. And they're they're obsessed with the number on the scale. and they're not coming to you saying like, "Hey, I would like to lose uh 50 lbs of just body fat." It's I just want to lose 50 lbs on the scale. And this it's and why it's so important to understand the difference of that is because somebody >> could theoretically go down 50 lbs on the scale and actually see their body fat percentage go up or stay the same >> if they've lost a ton of muscle. Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. Body fat percentage is what matters. Um, you know, if you had uh, you know, someone who was a 100 lb uh, with 10 lbs of body fat on them and then they suddenly weighed 200 lb, they gained 100 pounds of muscle. I'm using crazy numbers here. With the same 10 lbs of body fat, they're much leaner. Okay? Uh, if you lose a bunch of muscle with your body fat, you become a smaller same or relatively same body fat percentage version of yourself. you've actually just lost strength and function uh by losing weight on the scale and losing muscle. Not to mention muscle is so metabolically active that you've made it so much more difficult to maintain that weight loss because you've in essence slowed down your metabolism. You you've essentially reduced the amount of calories your body can run on because you've lost so much muscle. And so now you're in this crazy position which a lot of people have experienced. I'm sure many people >> no runway there's nowhere to go. >> Yeah. A lot of people I'm sure have experienced this. It's like, oh yeah, I went on this really restricted calorie diet. Uh, I started running. I lost a lot of weight on the scale and then to keep it off, it's like I had to eat like just keep eating very little. And then when I went to try to eat more or I went off on a vacation or suddenly I gained all this body fat. >> It's like, well, yeah, you metabolic, you put yourself in a metabolic disadvantage because of the muscle uh that you lost. So, so I'm glad you added that. Uh, Adam, the def a cut is the attempt to lose only body fat, keep or build muscle, and keep that body fat off forever. I think that would be a great definition for a successful cut. And I'm sure anybody listening right now would be like, "Yes, >> that's exactly what I want." So, I want to start with the reasons why you should not go on a cut. Not necessarily why should go on a cut. And I'll start with the first one where people are going to hear this and go, "What are you talking about? I thought that was the goal." Don't go on a cut because you feel you're too fat. Now, yes, the goal is to lose body fat, but if it's just because you think you're too fat and you don't look at everything else uh with what's going on, you often times will put yourself in a bad position. We have to set you up properly. So, in other words, to put it differently, uh the reason you go on a cut isn't p isn't just because you have too much body fat. There's lots of other things you have to look at before you go on the cut. It's not just you have too much body fat. You know, this this also reminds me um of how much I love uh Dr. Gabriel Lion's message. And I think that we need to change uh the conversation around this. In fact, um if we if we stopped looking at somebody who looks like they're 50 lb or 100 lb overweight and said, "Oh, that person's overweight or fat." And said things like, "Oh, they're under muscled." And we thought from that perspective, which is very true, this person who's got all this weight cuz it's >> sarcopenia is more common in the obese. Sarcopenia is uh low muscle mass. There's this there's this myth or this thinking, oh, if someone's overweight, they have actually have more muscle. They actually don't. They do when they do body scans, what you find is people who are obese have less muscle and their muscle's less healthy. >> Yeah. And there Well, it's it's crazy because it it's so contradictory. uh you know, beriatric treatments like slim fast. Like a lot of these programs for weight loss, they immediately jump into low calorie situations um without considering like what how much lean mass do they even have to begin with. And uh you know to to to build that is going to benefit them so much better long term. Well, this is why I want to change that conversation because I feel like if people who are listening right now who think they are they have 50 pounds of fat or they're 100 pounds overweight thought to themselves, oh no what I am, I'm really under muscled and you you said that instead your approach towards how you approach exercise and fitness might look different. Like because if you go to the gym, >> your cut would look different. >> Yeah. And you and you said, "Hey, I I don't have a problem with 50 lbs of being overweight. I have a problem with being undermuscled, then the whole mindset and the approach looks completely different, which will serve that person who initially wants to lose that >> and we'll get to that. So, if you're listening right now and you're confused over that, don't worry. We're going to get to exactly what that means. >> Here's another not great reason uh to go on a cut. You want to get ready for an event. Uh I got to get in shape for Vegas. I'm going to the beach. I'm getting married. Now, I know this is a very popular reason to go on a diet, but when you give yourself this time frame, this event, the odds of failure, which were already dismal, are now zero. Uh, sorry, excuse me, are now 100%. So, your odds of failure, which were already 90%, are now 100%. Because you work so hard for this one event, what almost always happens is when the event is over and the pressure of the event is off, you're out of there. Not to mention the means by which you try to get in shape quote unquote for the event. Uh you completely disregard any potential sustainability because you're thinking I just got to get in shape with that event and then I'll figure out afterwards. Uh and that never leads to good success. Well, I mean, this goes back to my point how we opened this is uh why if someone came to me and they had a date in mind already they wanted to get on stage and I hadn't worked with them >> uh and they said, "Hey, I want to do the show in, you know, July 13th. Will you train me for that show?" Um, and I know that's only a few months away. I would say no, no matter what I was looking at because I don't know where they're at. And that doesn't give me a lot of options if I have a time frame on what I think is the most appropriate way to get them in shape. It only leaves you one option, which is to cut calories, increase activity, and cut and reduce, reduce, reduce, reduce. And that may not be the most ideal situation where depending on where somebody is at metabolically, where they're at lean body mass-wise, where they're at activity-wise, all those things come into play before I decide to put somebody into a cut. And so giving me a time frame, I wouldn't even I wouldn't even take the client. No. And so this is why this is a terrible strategy for someone to go, "Hey, I want to get ready for that run or oh, I got the beach in 2 months." And they use that external motivator as the reason why they start a cut. And that sets them up for at the very least even if they have some mild success of reducing some weight or body fat in that short period of time. You're almost guaranteed to put it back on because of the approach that you would totally. All right. So, let's talk about good a good time to start a cut and then we'll talk about how to get >> to the place where it's a good time to start the cut. So, number one, you're healthy. So, we have mind pump certified coaches. We have something called concierge coaching. And you meet with them once a month. They set up your plan. They customize your workout. You get set up. You meet with them again the following month. And they continue to work with you. You work with our coaches to keep you accountable, to modify your programming, modify your nutrition, to help you get to your goal. You can find it at mindpump concierge.com. Uh what do I People are like, "Wait, I thought cutting was the way to get healthy." No, listen. Uh if your hormones are off, your sleep is off, uh you don't have good fitness, uh don't sit and try to suddenly reduce your calories and suddenly dramatically increase your activity. In other words, make sure you're you're you're healthy enough to go in a calorie deficit. Now, this might sound crazy to somebody who's like, I thought the point of cutting my calories was to get healthy. But here's what ends up happening oftentimes is people go into these severe uh restrictions of calories. They were already not very healthy to begin with. They throw exercise on top of it and then they wonder why they burn out. >> They wonder why their hormones go out of whack. I've had so many people in the gyms that I've run, women who start losing their hair because of this. Uh you know, guys whose testosterone goes in the floor, can't figure out why their libidos and you know, they might have started out strong by the way in the first month, but then afterwards aren't feeling uh great. So, we want to get fit and healthy first before we start the cut. This is one of the things that helps lead to uh sustainability and success uh long term. >> This reminds me so much of being a personal trainer because many times we would get the client u in an unhealthy state because they had already exhausted all the other ways uh to get in shape themselves before they come hire you. It's at the point they come to you, >> they've already beat themselves to death. They've already starved themselves calorie-wise. They've already destroyed their hormone profile and getting terrible sleep. And then they come to you and they're like, >> "Yeah, they're just desperate. >> I'm I'm I need your help." And so the first thing I have to do, even though this person may be sitting across from me saying, "Hey, I want to lose 50 pounds. I've tried all these things. This is where I'm at right now." It's like, well, listen, I know that's your goal right now, but actually our first goal needs to be to get healthy. That's right. >> The focus needs to be on we need to get your health. We need to get your hormones balanced. We need to get you sleeping correctly. We need to get your calories somewhere where you're not in in such a deficit. You're deficient in so many micro and macronutrients. Like that has to be our number one priority or else you'll never obtain that goal that you want. >> That's right. So, we're aiming for health. And then once we're in that kind of healthy fit place, then we start to cut. Obviously, success uh improves dramatically. Next up, uh this one's one of the most important. You want to make sure that your maintenance calories are high enough to cut from. All right. What do I mean by that? Well, uh, I'm going to I'm going to work on to, for lack of a better term, speeding up your metabolism through the process of building muscle, the process of increasing protein intake, oftentimes a process of doing what's called a reverse diet through whole natural foods, where I'm actually having you eat a little more over time to gain the muscle so that we have a place to cut from. This is there's this huge kind of belief that okay, if someone needs to lose 50 pounds, uh they're probably eating 4,000 calories a day and so we're just going to bring them down to 2,000 to lose weight. That's actually true. A lot of times people are very sedentary, 50 lbs overweight. I have them track their food. They're not eating a lot to begin with. You know, we may be playing with 2100 calories, uh but it's not good food. They're not active. They don't have a lot of muscle. And so where am I going to go? 1 1500 calories. Okay, we'll get some weight loss, but then where do we go from there? Yeah. Versus, let me see if I can build things up through the process of building muscle, through the process of a slow reverse diet, through whole natural foods, improving your health, get your metabolic rate up to 3,000 calories, which is very possible in this particular scenario. Now, I can go from 3,000 to 2500, then to 2,000 eventually, and get you that body fat, get that body fat off your body. I have runway, and I need runway with a cut because if your if your metabolic rate is already low, cutting from there, you're going to fail. It's going to be very difficult to get there though%. >> This is the most frustrating and difficult one for me to talk about because there's a lot of controversy in our space um around the science on this and there are a bunch of talking heads on Instagram and YouTube uh that want to make the argument that, you know, a pound of muscle only burns a handful of more calories a day than a pound of fat. And so this idea of you adding 10 pounds of muscle on your body, speeding your your metabolism up radically is false and it's not true. And I think it's a terrible terrible thing uh to tell people because I have seen what happens when you put 10 lbs of muscle on somebody and the amount of calories they then have to eat. And >> well here, why don't you give the example of the person you're working with now who's actually one of our coaches. How much lean body mass has she gained and how how different are her calories? >> Well, we're >> and her activities down also. >> Well, well, I won't be able to give you the lean body mass gain yet until we do the body fat test and I will I'll update the the listeners when we we get the results back when we're up. But I will tell you uh where we're at. Like uh she was weighing 98 lbs when we started and she was eating 2,000 calories. Uh we weigh in right now at 106. Um and we're eating 2,800 calories. >> 2,800 calories. By the way, she's eating PRs in the gym with her lifts. So, you know, she's gain muscle. >> And I just I just increased her to 28 because we were holding steady at 106 at 2,700 calories. And we were not gaining any more weight, but we were holding at that. And so, I've I've continued to do that. Right. So, what I've done is I've I've bumped her about 100 to 150 calories at a time. I wait till I see her weight level off for a while, then we bump again. And so based off of what we think and and and also reduced her volume by the way. So reduced her her her volume of training uh and uh and and and moderated her steps. So I don't I told her I don't want her stepping more than 10,000 steps a day. So reduced activity. So based off of what the talking heads on social media would tell you and the math of you know one pound or of muscle is only a handful more calories. Even if every pound she gained was lean body mass, which it could very well be, you know, what did she gain? 7 lbs. It should only be an additional what according to the numbers, right? 100 calories, 150 calories. >> Yeah. But somehow we're magically eating >> 6 700 more calories, 6 to 700 more calories a day and not putting on any weight on the scale. And so what does that tell you? And and I again that's happening right now as we're going through that process. I've done it 100 plus times with clients before and so I've seen it. And so I I have a lot of theories on why why that science that they use uh doesn't math. Um I mean that's basically taking a piece of muscle and a te piece of fat in a lab and testing it testing it. Uh what you're not accounting for is you know how much now that she's added say and we'll just use numbers until I get the actual numbers. Let's say she's added 5 lbs. Okay. How how much more weight does she have to lift to keep that 5 lbs? How much stronger and intense are her workouts because she has five more pounds of muscle? Uh she's now moving a body around that's got five more pounds of muscle. So, you know, so there's there's there's more to that far formula uh than just that meets the eye and in that terrible study that they tout to try and make people believe that building 5 or 10 pounds of muscle doesn't make that big of a difference metabolically. >> No. And it's not even just that, Adam, because she she her steps you're moderating. She's reduced the she cuz he trained like a lot. We're talking about somebody who was underweight and we're trying to get her comfortable with eating more food. Uh here's the deal. Like the metabolism is so complex. Human metabolism or mamillian metabolism is one of the most complex things we've ever identified in the universe. Uh and your body can become more or less efficient with the same lean body mass. Even if you don't gain a pound, if you simply eat more, change the macronutrient profile, eat high protein, and send a signal to your body to build muscle with the same lean body mass, there's a range of calories that your body will learn how to burn. Uh, and that's not even without building muscle. Now, you add a little bit of muscle and it's not one to one with the numbers. And so, this what you're talking about is super reliable. We've done this many, many times. So, for somebody listening right now who's like, I want to go on a I need to lose a bunch of weight. Here's what you want to do. You want to figure out a way and part and part of this is reverse dieting, which is slowly increasing your calories. Stick to whole natural foods, high protein, lift some weights. You want to set yourself up so that when you cut, you're cutting from a high caloric intake, a place that you can cut from because wherever you end up is right around where you're going to have to stay uh when you're at your target body weight. And you don't want to end up at 1,200 calories. Good luck trying to maintain, you know, your weight loss at,200. By the way, the the biggest loser contestants are great examples of this. These are people that crash dieted, >> beat the crap out of themselves on these shows, lost tons and tons of weight, >> and they found themselves afterwards in this like impossible to maintain >> scenario where they had to move like crazy, >> uh, and eat very little. Um, and that's what happens when you don't protect muscle. But if you build muscle, man, it moves things in a in a very sustainable place. So, a good time to start cutting is when your maintenance calories are high enough to cut from. Can I cut from here and still eat an amount that feels good? That's a great place. >> A a generic answer to that because it's going to look so different for every body type and person and and uh how much you like to eat. But I've always liked to take my client to a place to where they they look at me and they go, "Adam, this is just a lot of food." It's >> a lot of food. >> Yeah. I want to keep going so long as I can until they come back to me that it's like it is it's almost like it's effort for them to reach that calorie intake so much. Then it makes this real easy like, "Hey, don't don't push that hard. Just make sure we get the protein intake." And then the na the calories naturally fall to this little deficit where they feel comfortable eating. And then they see this beautiful nice weight loss. Well, they don't feel like they're restricting any food whatsoever. >> Often times eating more calories than when they started while they're in the cut. What a great place to be. >> That this is the other example that we give. Last person that I trained um before Karen was Melissa Wolf, also another bikini competitor, and I share the story with her. She was actually very similar calorie intake as where Karen was. We took we went all the way up to 2,900 almost 3,000 calories. When she hit stage, she was higher than what I got her at. So, she she was at the leanest she ever been. enough to take first place on stage when you are absolutely be arguably starving your body to get lean and then but able to eat 22 2200 calories. It's just so you can get to this place where you build your caloric maintenance up to where a cut is somewhere where you feel comfortable eating. And that's really where you want and that's how you make sure that somebody not only loses the weight, but then can maintain it because anybody can go from where they're currently at, cut their food in half. This is what GLP1s are doing, by the way. I mean, GLP1's what they're what they're doing so well is it doesn't matter how you eat, whether you eat good or not. You take that GLP1 and you all of a sudden have half of the appetite or less. And if you give anybody half eating half the calories, no matter where they're at, whether they're cutting from 1500 calories down to 700 calories or 4,000 to 2,000 calories, that person is going to lose weight. It's just it's that's science. It's going to happen. >> But then where are you left? >> Yeah. What do you do though with somebody who went from the person who takes that GLP1 that was only eating say 2200 calories and you cut them down to a,000? >> By the way, what the data shows because their metabolism does adapt. It does slow down and it a big part of the way it does this is it pairs muscle down. So this what you see in the data with GLP1s is 30 to 40% of the weight that they lose comes from muscle. Which is why it's so important if you're on a GLP1 to make sure you strength train, eat a high protein diet, don't cut your calories too much. Joy Mode. Joy Mode has a preex supplement. You can also use it as a preworkout that has proven ingredients that are vaso dilators. What's that mean? Opens up blood vessels, improves blood flow. So great as a pre-workout because you get better pumps. It's great for before sex because you get better pumps if you know what I mean. It's backed by data. It's shown to actually work. Take joy mode about 35 to 45 minutes before activity. Report back. You're going to love it. Go check it out. Go to tryjoy mode.com/mindpump. Use the code mind pumpump at checkout. Get 20% off. But again, you want to be at a place where your maintenance calories, the amount of food that is required to maintain your body weight is high enough to where you can cut from and still be in a healthy uh comfortable place. And then finally, here's a good time to start is when you have a good plan. You have a good plan on how to get to the place where it's time to cut. You have a good plan on what the cut's going to look like. And then you have a good plan on how to come out of the cut. Without a plan, here's what it looks like. This is what it looks like for most people because they don't have a plan. I'm going to really cut my calories, so I'm going to eat way less. I'm going to do tons of exercise. And my goal is to lose 30 lbs. And then first off, very few people make it, but you may be one of the people that makes it. I lo 30 lbs. Then you have no plan to get out of it. Your calories are real low. You're working out like crazy. Your odds of sustaining that are almost >> you're in an abandoned ship. >> Abandoned ship. >> Well, this is this is the most popular way that people are using our concier program. So, we don't talk a lot about uh the mind pump concier program, but we have a a training program where you basically just meet with a trainer once a month. >> A mind pump trainer once a month. >> Yes. And so what they do is they're going to set up set them up on a maps plan. Then they customize the workout for them and then they set them up on a nutrition plan. Normally, for the most part, not everybody, but most people, it's helping guide somebody through what is like a reverse diet and they normally have to set up for the Yeah. And then every month they're this client is logging in their information and the client, the trainer is tracking it and then they're making their adjustments every single month until they get them to a place where it's like, "Okay, now this is a great place for us to start cutting from." And just like what I'm going through with Karen, this is how I check in with her. She's she's doing most of the work. I'm setting her on the plan and then I and then I see I get all the check-ins and then when we meet I sit down and go, "Okay, this is what I want you to do. I want you to add this many calories or I want you to add this to the training." And so I just make these micro adjustments and just remind them they're doing a good job. And that's probably the number one way that people have been using uh the >> extra eyes and accountability. It's just a nice thing to offload and be like, "Am I on track or am I not on track?" >> That's right. So, look, if you want no guesswork, you want to work with a real good coach, and we know they're good because they work for us. We handpicked them. Uh, you meet with them once a week. Oh, excuse me, once a month. They'll figure out the plan for you. They'll coach you through the plan, and every month you meet with them to make sure you're on track and you're all set up and you've got somebody who knows what they're doing, working with you through this. Uh, and we're opening it to the public. It's mindpump concierge.com. So that's mindpump c o n c i er ge.com as long as we have slots available. >> I was just going to tell you that's it's until the trainer slots are filled up. So >> yeah. Yeah. So go there and first come first serve work with a mind pump coach and get this all set up for you. Look, if you like the show, come find us on Instagram. We'll see you at Mindpump Media.

- What are the ideal reps and sets for muscle hypertrophy? | Peter Attia and Layne Norton: Kind: captions Language: en so tell me about sets and Reps here so um again let's pres let's assume he's much more interested in hypertrophy than strength uh he's not he's he's he's not going to powerlift um what's the rep range you're going to keep him in for compound movements and for isolated movements variety is the spice of life and um the research shows that from one rep to 30 reps you can build very similar amounts of muscle so this is amazing right because the conventional wisdom says oh my God if you're doing fewer than I don't know what the number is that they would say if you're doing fewer than six reps there's no hypertrophy it's all strength right that's what that's what conventional thinking would say and what I will say is there you know there are benefits to being in that hypertrophy rep range of you know six to 15 reps that's kind of like traditional um so here here's here's the benefits and downsides one of the nice things about the 6 to 15 reps is you can accumulate quite a bit of metabolic fatigue you can use relatively heavy loads and you can get quite a bit of volume in that rep range if you're doing like really heavy weights for low reps say under five reps you functionally would have to double your number of sets just to get the volume right probably not because it's it's more about the number of hard sets Okay but doing a hard set of five is not the same thing as doing a hard set of 10 you have fewer of them in you presumably right probably there's probably a greater fatigue effect but some people again like me if you told me I couldn't train you know under five reps I'd be like I'm just gon to be bored you know I don't like doing High Reps it's just uh I get bored so for me and it's the same thing with clients again adherence is number one right so if he says oh I'm not worried about creating strength but I really like lifting heavy weights okay we're going to find a way to incorporate that but it might be where hey we're touching one set that's under five reps and the rest are going to be you know 6 to 10 on these compound exercises and then on the isolation exercises you know we'll go 152 um you know just for some variety and whatnot but really the research at least in the short term and when I say short term I mean like 12 weeks we don't see differences in hypertrophy um between anywhere from you know Low Reps Tod up to 30 reps as long as the number of hard sets are equated so really it says do what you like do what you enjoy and what is that what is that sweet spot for hard sets if we just pick 10 reps so then we can do the math and go up or down so the sweet spot is what maximizes per body part is probably about six to 10 sets in a session okay so they don't really they don't really see Inc you know improvements above 10 sets now here's where this gets a little bit complicated because um if you rest longer each set actually becomes more effective as a stimulus for hypertrophy presumably because you perform better and you can use more weight and do more reps on that individual set so the number based on the meta regressions out there and I think James creger did a really good one the number seems to be like if you're resting kind of like you know more than 3 minutes between sets six sets if you're resting like 1 to two minutes it might be more like 10 sets wow um but again the other thing to keep in mind is you don't have to just jump to like 10 sets immediately you know per body part you know whatnot that that's a lot of sets um you should probably use what is ever allowing you to adapt at the time if you're somebody who is you know relatively new to training you start doing 10 sets per body part like one what's going to happen once you plateau that's a lot more set you're going to have to add on top of that and two you're probably going to outpace your recovery capabilities right you you like when people tell me they're going to do I know you you talked about covering uh squatting and deadlifting every day um what I would say is you better be in a re you better be in very good physical condition to do that um and even then there is a expiry date on that and and I've talked to people who have done this uh to be clear I've never done this I I I look at the people who have tried it in awe but I I just I'm not willing to give up so many of the other things I do exercise wise to just make sure I squat in deadlift every single day but what I noticed that they're doing is they're being very clever in that they're not every day is not a crushing set of that right I mean yeah some of those days it's a very very low volume uh low intensity that functions effectively as a recovery day where they're basically working on the muscle memory and the form um yeah but so for example in the case of this guy if he says Lane I'm willing to train as much as you need to tell me to so even though currently I'm doing three 60-minute workouts a week um if you tell me I need to be in there five days a week with two rest days and that should be two hours a day I'm willing to do it um where would you say again let's assume that his form is decent you're not concerned about overuse uh where would you want to put him if he's not looking to powerlift and he you know if he says I don't really care about exercise selection just pick whatever I'm probably not going to be doing a lot of free squatting and deadlifting even though that's my personal love y um because th those do create a very high recovery debt um and not just that it's very mentally taxing I remember when um my wife Holly moved over and she's a phenomenal athlete like went to the junior World Games as a track athlete um like won the natural Olympia two years after she started lifting weights I mean just incredibly genetically gifted and hardworking person but she would look at me doing like triples on squats and then resting 10 minutes between sets and say why why are you resting so long that can't possibly be that difficult meanwhile she's over there doing sets of 10 resting you know she's slapping a plate on each side doing sets of 10 and resting you know couple minutes and I said well you'd have to really do a powerlifting meat to understand and then she did one and then she was like yeah the amount of intense mental focus it requires when you have that much weight on your back and you know like this could literally kill you yeah um now obviously you have safeties and spotters and whatnot but just you know strapping 600 lbs across your back I mean there's a reason your adrenaline spikes so after that she understood but that's a lot of Rec recovery debt to create for something that you could get a similar stimulus by doing a hack squat or a leg press or or that sort of thing as long as you're working through a full range of motion that's the other thing very important to work a muscle at a long muscle length in fact there was actually a recent metaanalysis that came out looking at partial range of motion but partial range of motion at different muscle lengths and found that while partial range of motion at shortened muscle lengths does not produce the same hypertrophy as full range of motion [Music]

- Steps to Improve IBS-D: Kind: captions Language: en-US So if you're dealing with IBS and specifically IBSD or the diarrhea version of IBS, it can really be a life altering situation. It can make it difficult for people to hold a job and to just have any type of social life at all. I've talked with clients that were dealing with chronic diarrhea type issues that would tell me like, oh yeah, I really wanted to shop at that store, but I need to map out the bathrooms first. I pretty much can't leave the house unless I know exactly where each bathroom is along the way at specific intervals so that I can stop. Otherwise, that's really not going to be my favorite day. So this can be a significant problem for people, and if you're researching this issue, it can be really easy to get a little frustrated with the answers that you're finding or not finding. So in this video, I'm going to give you some steps that seem to create some really quick improvements for some folks, and I'm also going to give you some steps to figure out what issues may be creating this for you and steps you can take over the longterm to really turn the situation around. Let's jump in. TC Hale is not a doctor and does not claim to be a doctor licensed in any type of medical field. Don't be an idiot and use anything heard on the show as medical advice. This information should be used for educational purposes only, and you should contact your doctor for any medical advice. Now, get off me. So remember, I'm not a doctor and I'm not giving anybody medical advice about their IBS issues, but I'm going to share some studies in the description below this video that will allow you to dig into these topics a little bit further. And by looking at these studies and understanding what are the possible underlying causes, if you can figure out the most common underlying cause that might be creating this for you, it will just help you ask the right questions when you're talking to your doctor about this. So when we're talking about IBS or irritable bowel syndrome, that can be a little bit different than IBD or inflammatory bowel disease. And the difference between these two can have to do with the location of where the trouble may be going on. And when we're looking at inflammatory bowel disease, there's usually some type of structural damage in that digestive tract or the lining of that digestive tract or something that has created significant inflammation that will get you a label like that. Now, I've also made another video on IBSC or the constipation version of IBS. And these videos are very similar because some of the underlying causes can be very similar and some of the steps that really benefit folks can be very similar. So I want to go over each of those in both of these videos, but there's different types of IBS when we're going to break down IBS though, even though the whole IBS thing is very common, we really want to look at what type of IBSA person is having. So IBSC can be the constipation version where the person with IBS is usually having specific discomforts like bloating or gas or flatulence or cramping or just discomfort in that digestive tract. And then there's something going wrong with the bowels where either they'll be leading towards this diarrhea with the IBSD or they'll be more constipated with IBSC. And here's the IBSD or someone will have IBSM or a mixed situation where maybe they'll have some days where there's diarrhea, some days where there's constipation or they'll even go back and forth on the same day or part of the day, they'll feel more constipated and then they'll have some diarrhea. And then there's IBSU, which is kind of like an unclassified version. Maybe the doctor's like, I don't even know where to start with you. You're just a whole big mess here. So it'll become a little unclassified because it doesn't seem to go back and forth alternating. It's just like, ah, part of the time I'm over here part of the time I'm really loose and things are going crazy that way. So these can vary greatly, but for most of these diagnoses, they're going to have some type of discomfort and then some type of bowel dysregulation. And with any of these issues, it's interesting and we want to kind of understand why with some people, some foods will really create trouble and others won't. And then other people with IBS, it'll be a lot different. The types of foods that can bother them can be different. So we want to understand why there's different types of trouble and different foods will affect those differently. So let's look at this study here where we're talking about the efficacy of the low FODMAP diet for treating irritable bowel syndrome. The evidence to date, and they say in summary, the evidence indicates that restriction of FODMAPs is an effective dietary intervention for reducing IBS symptoms. There are now well-designed clinical trials to support the efficacy of low FODMAP diet with alleviation of GI symptoms in the majority of patients with IBS. And they went on to say up to 86% of patients with IBS found improvements in overall gastrointestinal symptoms as well as individual symptoms such as abdominal pain, bloating, constipation, diarrhea, abdominal distension and flatulence following the diet, they say that FODMAP restriction reduces the osmotic load and gas production in the distal small bowel and the per proximal colon providing symptomatic relief in patients with IBS and this study where they use a digital personal kind of assistant kind of thing to help people understand which foods might be better for them. In this study, they say that a majority greater than 70% of participants showed statistical significant clinically significant and persistent improvement in symptoms. Most participants achieved total resolution of symptoms. So that's a pretty big deal when we're just talking about a dietary change. And don't get me wrong, if you've tried some type of elimination diet or maybe you've tried this low FODMAP diet that I'll explain here in a minute and you didn't see results, I'm going to help you understand why that can come about. But when we're looking at a low FODMAP diet, what's a fodmap? And that basically stands for fermentable, oligosaccharide, disaccharide, monosaccharide, and polyols. So when we're talking about a FODMAP diet, we're usually talking about trying to restrict the level of FODMAPs that we're consuming. So these are basically just usually like carbohydrates or sugars or fibers or artificial type sugar things in foods. And some foods contain higher levels of these, and other foods contain lower levels. So what we're finding is that when someone can restrict these FODMAPs and greatly reduce them, that the symptoms that they experience can really improve big time. Now, I don't feel like this is the solution to IBS, but this is a way that a person can really feel a whole lot better. And sometimes feeling a whole lot better is a really big deal, especially if this issue is restricting a person's ability to just be a human. So if you can just change the foods that you're eating and feel and function a whole lot better, that can be life changing. So I don't want to dig too deep into the diet aspects, but I'll put a link in the description below this video to a page. I think it was on IBS diet.org or something that just list high FODMAP foods and low FODMAP foods. So you can just look at these lists and be like, oh yeah, I eat that all the time. Oh yeah, when I eat that, I really have a lot of trouble and I'm, oh, I'm getting bloated. And so you can just try to remove the foods that are on the higher FODMAP list, try to focus more on these lower FODMAP lists and see do you improve? See, okay, maybe I can't do it all the time, but if I do it most of the time, I really do see some significant improvement. And a lot of people are really seeing a lot of results with this. Now my point of view is just doing that. I don't feel like that's really enough. I like us to understand why does this help? And if we understand why, it can give us more clues into what may be creating this for us. And the real problem with IBS is not only do we see all these varieties of different types, and when you see different types, you have to understand, well, there's different underlying causes because it's showing up differently. It's not just like, oh, I got labeled with this. Sorry about my luck. My mom had IBS, so I get to have it too. That's just how it goes. It's not like that there's physiological issues or malfunctions that are creating these things. And when you can understand what's creating it for you, you can really take steps to create some improvement. So to understand why these foods might become problematic, we need to understand that when we're looking at this digestive process, it's really common for malfunctions to come up. If you've seen any of my videos ever, you've probably seen me talking about some type of digestive malfunction that I blabbed on and on about for hours because it's really common and it can create a whole lot of trouble. So when we're looking at these FODMAP foods, the problem is a lot of them are fermentable. They're more fermentable than maybe some other types of foods are, which means that there are these bugs. There's these microorganisms in our digestive tract, and they're supposed to be here in the large intestine and kind of help us break down our food. A lot of them make our B vitamins for us and things like that. So they can be very beneficial in our digestive process, but malfunctions can come up that can really magnify any type of fermenting type issue that can end up creating a lot more gases and pressure and all this, I just don't feel so great. So let's look at this study here that talks about study the overlap between IBS and gerd. And they say that there's a strong overlap between GERD and IBS that exceeds the individual presence of each condition in the absence of GERD IBS is relatively uncommon. And that's what they saw in this study. And in this study here, they say the effects of long-term PPI treatment on producing bowel symptoms in sibo. Their conclusions was prolonged PPI treatment may provide bowel symptoms and sibo. Therefore, the strategy of step down or on demand PPI therapy should be encouraged. So we're seeing an association between GERD and IBS or gastroesophageal reflux disease, some type of acid reflux. But let's take this a little bit further. And we look here at this study on small intestinal bacterial overgrowth and irritable bowel syndrome. And this conclusions were small intestinal bacterial overgrowth was present in a sizable percentage of patients with IBS with predominance of bloating and flatulence. Older age and female sex were predictors of SIBO and patients with IBS identification of possible predictors of SIBO in patients with IBS could aid in the development of successful treatment plans. So when we're seeing an association between IBS and gerd and then PPI use and SIBO and then associations between SIBO and IBS, we want to understand why would those come about. So when we're looking at gerd, the first thing to understand is that reflux is not caused by too much stomach acid like advertisers want us to believe. There's this valve at the bottom of the esophagus called the lower esophageal sphincter that's meant to open up. So when food comes in, it can come on in. And then when we start to acidify that food so that we can break the food down and get the nutrients out of that food once it starts to acidify, that valve closes so the acid doesn't come back up and burn us. But the problem is this valve is triggered by stomach acid. So if someone only has a small amount of stomach acid but not enough to trigger this valve, then the small amount of acid they have is going to come back up and burn them. So in most cases of acid reflux, we're seeing a lack of stomach acid, not too much stomach acid. And that can be a really big deal in this conversation because that stomach acid is not just there to help us digest our food so that we can get nutrients out of that food. The stomach acid is the barrier to the whole digestive tract. So when varmint come in on the food that we're eating, they're supposed to die in an acid bath, but when there's not enough acid there, they don't get fried. And then they come in and like, oh, this is really nice. Let's set up camp here. And then they raise their kids and they move down here into the small intestine where they really should not be. We should not have a lot of bacteria here. Most of our beneficial bacteria should be in the large intestine. And once they're set up here, then they can also move down into the large intestine and create what's called a dysbiosis issue or an imbalance of bacteria where there's a lot more bad guys than there are good guys and they're just creating all kinds of havoc. So when we have malfunctions like a lack of stomach acid, a lack of stomach acid is a malfunction. And that's why this study is showing us when somebody uses PPIs long-term and PPIs are a proton pump inhibitor that is used as like an acid reflux medication that removes the body's ability to make that stomach acid. So then there's no acid to come back up and burn the person, and they remove that symptom. They didn't actually fix the underlying cause because the problem was this valve wasn't closing correctly. They didn't fix that, they just removed the acid. So now that symptom is gone. But again, remember that acid is there for a reason. Mother nature may not be such an idiot, it's there to keep the bad guys out. So this study is showing that when you use PPIs long term and turn off that asset for a long period of time, it sets up this situation for bad guys to come in and create this SIBO issue or small intestinal bacterial overgrowth. And that's because you have all these bad guys came in because the front door was open. So now here's another association that we're talking about is that these other studies are showing that when there's sibo, it's very common to also see IBS. So here's where we can kind of understand When these invaders are here, they're going to create more gases. These invaders put out waste. In a lot of cases that waste can be alkaline. So maybe there's invaders up here in the stomach, like an h pylori infection that's alkalizing the stomach even more. So maybe a person's making a small amount of acid, but now it's getting alkalized by the waste from the bacteria in the stomach, or maybe the bacteria is here putting out this waste. And a lot of times that waste can be alkaline and slow things down in this digestive tract. And maybe that leads to a more of a constipation issue because our food bolus will move through this intestinal tract at a pace according to its acidity level. So if this stuff moving through is very alkaline, it will move slower, which means it's going to get harder and drier and more difficult to move. And that can be one possible cause of a constipation issue. But if it's more on the acidic side, well, these linings down here in this intestinal tract were not made to hold acids like the stomach is that can deal with acids up there. But down here it's very irritating. You can basically digest a hole through your intestinal tract. So the body's like, well, we're not going to do that. Let's bring all the water that we can to cool this down, and then we will rush it through the system and it'll lift you off the toilet like a rocket when it comes shooting out the back door. So this is one possible cause of a chronic diarrhea issue is just malfunctions that are creating pH imbalances to that bolus. So the pH of that can be important. And remember these invaders that we're talking about have the ability to change phs do to the waste that they're putting out or the gases they create. A lot of these microorganisms create more gases on their own. So now we're raising the level of gases here. And more gases means that it's going to expand that intestinal tract, which is going to create more bloating and pressure, and pressure can create more reflux, pushing things back up or pushing the intestinal lining out to create cramping and discomfort or distended bloating. All these things could come from those gases. Now we're going to take those higher FODMAP foods. Remember there's aspects to those higher FODMAP foods that make them more fermentable than other foods. So now you have a food that's going to be fermented more and you have an increase of all these bacteria that are going to do more of that fermenting, and then you can get a major increase in the level of gas that's creating all of this discomfort. So if a person removes those high FODMAP foods, they can at least reduce that level of gas a little bit, and that a lot of times can create a lot of relief for some folks. So some people aren't going to see a lot of improvement there because they have so much gas that's being created by such a significant overgrowth. But if this overgrowth is not as significant, then changing those food choices can make a world of difference. And when we think about the diarrhea aspect, if somebody's dealing with diarrhea with IBS, when somebody gets food poisoning like a significant food poisoning thing and they're throwing up or they have this crazy diarrhea going out the back door, it makes sense to us. Oh yeah, you got that invader in there. The body's just trying to get things out any way that it can. Why wouldn't it rush it out the back door like that? Oh yeah, I went down to Mexico, I drank the water, and now I got butt soup. Well, that made sense to us because we knew that there were invaders in that water that was coming in and creating this trouble. But wouldn't it make sense that if someone had maybe a lower level infection that wasn't quite as significant as having some type of food poisoning situation, but there was still invaders in there that the body would try to rush out the system, wouldn't it make sense that maybe they would have diarrhea most of the time just with the body trying to reduce the burden that it's dealing with? And what's really interesting about IBS is that these symptoms really vary from person to person, just dependent on how their body reacts to that situation. Different people's bodies will deal with burdens in different ways. So some people will end up with a constipation issue just because there's not enough stomach acid to acidify the food correctly. So the pH of that bolus is very alkaline and moving slowly, and some people will have a diarrhea response just because of the level of the overgrowth that the body's like, I really don't want these guys on here. Let's get 'em out of here any way that we can. And they'll have that constant flow of everything just trying to rush out the back door. So it's really going to vary from person to person, even though the underlying cause could be very similar. And this study here said hydrogen was the predominant gas detected in patients with IBSD and methane was the gas detected in IBSC. So with tests, they can see what type of microorganisms might be predominant in the system and creating either constipation or diarrhea. So that could be a factor as well. But let's look at some other malfunctions that can really create this diarrhea issue. And with the links to these studies that I'll put in the description below, pulling from studies like the high prevalence of cholestasis, which is poor bile flow, it's when bile is not flowing correctly, but studies like the high prevalence of cholestasis with increased conjugated bile acids in inflammatory bowel disease patients. And this study on gallstones, CST and irritable bowel syndrome, the Google AI overview of this type of information says studies have shown a significant link between cholestasis or impaired bowel flow from the liver and irritable bowel syndrome IBS, particularly with the diarrhea predominant subtype as abnormal bile acid levels in the gut due to cholestasis can contribute to IBS symptoms like diarrhea, abdominal pain, and bloating. Research suggests that alterations in gut microbiota and bile acid metabolisms play a key role in this connection. And in this study here on colosectomy and associated with a higher risk of irritable bowel syndrome in the uk, they say that colosectomy was associated with a higher risk of IBS, especially IBS with diarrhea. And we should really dig into this more. So when we're looking at these studies and we're looking at chot and cholestasis, what that means, cholestasis just means that this bile that's in the gallbladder is not flowing down and helping us digest our food the way that it should. So the liver makes this bile, and then it comes down here and it stores it in the gallbladder for when it's ready to be used. And that gallbladder's job is to store it and then concentrate that bile so that a small amount of bile can be more effective. So once food is acidified in the stomach and leaves the stomach and comes down here into the duodenum, that triggers this gallbladder to squirt this alkaline bile down. And the bile is meant to help us emulsify or break down our dietary fats so we can access fat soluble vitamins like A, E, D, and K. And it's also meant to help us neutralize the acids that are leaving the stomach because it's more alkaline than these acids. And then all these activities also trigger the pancreas to squirt out things like enzymes and bicarb that is also alkaline, helps us neutralize these acids. So all of these functions are very important for our ability to break our food down so that we can break it down into the elemental nutrients that the body needs to function correctly. So when this gallbladder becomes too thick and sticky to flow correctly, which is very common, then it doesn't come down here and help us digest our food correctly. It doesn't trigger all these processes that help neutralize the acids that are leaving the stomach. So when that's the case, now, these acids continue to move through here where they don't belong. And remember we talked about how the body's going to say, well, we can't have that. We have to cool down these acids and rush it out the back door before it creates all this inflammation in the digestive tract. So when we're looking at those things like the IBD issues or the inflammatory bowel disease, my opinion is that if the IBSD version seems to be more common of the types of problems that could eventually lead to those inflammatory bowel disease where all of this acid is moving through here, if you took battery acid and just poured on your arm, you'd be like, oh, wow, that creates a lot of inflammation. Now what if you did that every day? You already have a wound there, you just keep pouring this acid on your arm. Oh wow, that's really not going well at all. Why wouldn't that create a lot of inflammation? So if you have acid leaving the stomach and not being neutralized, it has the ability to create a chronic diarrhea issue or worse. And that one study was saying it's really common to see gallstones with this IBS And remember that this job of the gallbladder is to concentrate that bile. So if the bile becomes too thick to flow, and that can happen for a wide variety of reasons, there's a lot of issues that can cause our bile to become too thick and sticky, especially the way that we eat today with all this processed junk. But when it becomes too thick to really flow, then when it's staying in there, it continues to concentrate until it concentrates into sludge and makes the situation much worse, or eventually it can concentrate into stones. So that could be why they're seeing such an association between cholestasis or poor bile flow or gallstones where bile flow was so poor that it concentrated into something different. And this IBS issue, that could be why we're seeing such a strong associations there. Now, for a lot of folks, they'll eventually get these gallstones where they'll create some type of gallbladder attack and then the doctor will say, oh, we'll just yank that out and toss it in the trash. Now the person no longer has a place to store this bile. Now, bile can still be coming down from the liver kind of all the time, just kind of trickling in there all the time, but you don't have that bolus to come down and really help neutralize a large portion of food that is leaving the stomach. So without that bolus, if you can't neutralize all those acids, then we create that problem. And that's why we see a lot of diarrhea issues from someone who's had their gallbladder removed. Not all, but it seems to be about half of people that can have that trouble. Maybe the bile is just coming down here, kind of trickling all the time enough to help neutralize those acids, help us digest our food correctly, help us break down our dietary fat, all the things that need to happen for all of this to be happy down here. But for a lot of people, it just doesn't. And when doesn't, when the bile iss not coming down, there's usually going to be a diarrhea response. Now, some people can have their gallbladder removed and have constipation because again, they don't have any stomach acid up here to help acidify things. So when it doesn't get neutralized, it's not a big problem. Things move slow and it get constipated anyways. So it's really going to vary from person to person depending on a lot of factors. And that's why this can be so hard for people to figure out an answer, especially with the medical world. The medical world really likes to find an answer. Oh, I want to find an answer to that. I want to find one solution that's going to fix that problem for everybody. And when we're looking at it that way, there's never going to be an answer because we all process foods differently. We have different factors that are creating these symptoms. And until we can learn how to look at the person, we're going to have a hard time really battling and winning against any significant issue like this. So where all this IBS stuff can really be magnified is that when food does not get broken down like it's supposed to, it doesn't get acidified correctly, the bile doesn't come out, the pancreas doesn't do all these things that help us digest our food. When those things aren't happening, then that food has to break down by rotting and fermenting and those processes create more gases and more pressure. So you have this person that could have either of these digestive malfunctions going on, either a lack of stomach acid or bile that is not flowing correctly. So now they're not breaking down their food, it has to rotten ferment. That creates more gases. And then they come down here and they have all of this overgrowth that's there that came in because the front door wasn't closed. So all this overgrowth is creating even more gases and pressure. And then you take these foods, they're eating foods that are higher in FOD maps that have more fermenting going on, and you can see that it just really magnifies the whole situation to where it's just out of control. So there's a lot of different layers of issues that a person could work on and improve that have the ability to create improvement. So if a person has lost their gallbladder there, then they have the ability to supplement with ox bile. It's like a supplemental version of bile to help neutralize acids and such. But the manufacturers on the label will say, here, take this with your meal. And the problem is you're taking ox bile with your meal when they're supposed to get acidified, you're putting it right in the stomach there, and that's neutralizing those acids before it has the ability to start breaking that food down. So the timing can be very important, and we want to take oxil supplements away from food. And if you're a person that's lost their gallbladder, we'll put a link in the description below for our video on how to adjust oxil dose and timing to figure out what's going to work right for you. But now we're going to take this up even another step and see how complicated this can be for some people and why it's so hard for them to find a solution because we need to understand water traffic. And it was Dr. Emmanuel REI who helped us understand that the body has this natural circadian rhythm at the cellular level. So during the day, the body should be in this catabolic state where it's very good at creating energy, kind of keeping us going all day, but it's also good at breaking things down so that they can be rebuilt and renewed. And then at night, we're supposed to move into this anabolic state where the body's very good at sleeping and resting and repairing and rebuilding. So both of these states are appropriate. The problem is some people can get really stuck in one of these states most of the time, or maybe they're just crammed way too far into one of these states. And when they're really stuck in one of these states, it can create a wide variety of health issues. And one of the things that we want to understand is that when someone's stuck in this catabolic state, the body will send more of the water to the bowels and less to the kidneys. So with more water going to the bowels, that can create a chronic diarrhea issue. If someone's really stuck in this anabolic state, then it sends more water to the kidneys and less to the bowels. A lot of these folks will be up peeing 8, 9, 10 times a night because the body's sending so much of the water to the kidneys. So with some people who deal with this back and forth, oh, I got constipation sometimes I have diarrhea sometimes. Well, it takes a lot of resources to make this switch from day to night like we're supposed to. And if somebody's not breaking down their food and accessing all the nutrients in that food, they may not have as many resources. It may be very difficult for the body to switch back and forth. Maybe they only can get up enough resources to switch back and forth every few days. Maybe they're stuck in this state for days at a time and really feeling constipated. The body finally brings it over here, and now they're stuck in this state and all the water's going into the bowels and they have diarrhea. So this is one possible cause that can create either a chronic diarrhea issue, a chronic constipation issue, or a problem where a person gets stuck in one state for days at a time, and that's why they're alternating back and forth. But what a person can do is they can just look at their body chemistry and see, do I appear to be leaning way too far in one direction or the other? And if I am, I can take steps to improve that imbalance. And when I improve that imbalance, does this issue of the diarrhea improve for me? Do I see that, oh wow, that really was a factor, or if I improve this imbalance or there doesn't appear to be an imbalance, then maybe it's some of those other digestive things that we talked about. So if you don't know how to look at your chemistry, if you're new to this channel, we'll put a link in the description below for our totally free digestion course that'll walk you through how to run simple self tests at home using tools you could pick up at a pharmacy or a health food store to get an idea, am I leaning too far in one of these directions and what steps will help me improve that if I am? And that free course also goes overlooking at your digestion and figuring out which aspects may not be working correctly and what steps you can take to improve those scenarios. So when we go to look at what are the steps that I should be taking, what's going to help me figure out what's going to work best for me? We have to look at a lot of factors. Okay, we can try this lowering the FODMAP level, and we can just adjust our diet to see, do our symptoms improve if our symptoms improve? That's very motivating. You get to see that, wow, I did something, I made changes and I really improve my circumstances with the effort that I put in. And if you can do that, that's great. That's not fixing the problem in most cases, but it can help a person feel and function better. Then we want to look at any of those digestive malfunctions, like the low stomach acid, the poor bile flow. If the bile has become too thick and sticky, then we can take steps to thin it out so that it flows better so that it will come and help neutralize those acids leaving the stomach, and we won't have this such a diarrhea issue. One thing to think about though is we need to understand that there can be two sides of that. Sometimes diarrhea can be caused by everything being way too alkaline. Maybe someone's bile is flowing okay, but they have no stomach acid. That over alkalinity can create diarrhea as well in situations like bile acid malabsorption or bile acid diarrhea. And we have videos on that topic that we'll put in the description if you need to dig into that a little bit as well. But we need to consider any invaders that might be there in that digestive tract that are creating a lot of trouble in one way or another. We can take steps to bring those down and wipe out those bad guys. And we need to think about, do I have an imbalance that's sending too much water to the wrong place maybe some of the time or all of the time, depending on what kind of issues I'm dealing with. So you can see that this can be a little bit complicated. We need to look at all these factors. We need to think about timing of any supplements we're going to be using. We need to think about what other factors may contributing, because for some people, they're going to be dealing with more than one of these underlying causes more than one thing at a time. Or maybe sometimes this underlying cause is really creating the trouble, and they'll take steps that they think are going to fix that, but they still have the problem because this other underlying cause is creating it at other times. So it's really about looking at your body, doing the work. You can see that I can't just give you a plan, oh, just do this. Everything's going to be golden. You might be able to see some improvement to symptoms by changing your diet. But to fix the problem, each person is going to have to look at how their body's operating a little bit to get insights into what steps are going to be most effective for them. So if you're also dealing with the constipation issues, you're not just having diarrhea, you want to watch that other video too on IBSC to get some of those other insights that I go deeper into creating those constipation issues. So you can jump over right now and check out our video on steps to improve IBSC. And if you don't deal with the constipation stuff, you can jump over right now and dig deeper into how the digestive process is supposed to work and improving those issues with our video on Full Digestive Reset. I can't wait to hear about your results.

- Semaglutide Weight Loss Side Effects: Facial Changes, Loose Skin & Face Yoga Tips: Kind: captions Language: en Hey everybody. Hey, welcome back to my channel, In John's Universe. Uh this is John and today is Thursday, May 22nd, 2025. And I wanted to give you an update uh on my weight loss journey so far. I got on the scale this morning and I was 211.4 lbs. And let me see. So that was a u a loss of what 1.6 lbs since last week. My beginning weight was 235.1 back in uh February and today like I said it's 211.4. So that's 23.7 lbs lost so far. And if I equate it into downward pressure uh off my joints and back and things like that, that's almost 95 pounds of downward pressure. All right, that's good update as far as what I wanted to talk about. Now what I want to talk about today is kind of specific and it's one of the side effects from any one of the drugs like wiggoi or ompic zepbound uh let me see mangaro any of the weight loss type drugs or actually any rapid weight loss that you go through and it's something that uh surprised me uh that there's a name for it. The other day I was shaving and my face used to be nice and round, you know, puffy a little bit. It was easy to shave because I didn't have any creases to worry about. But I nicked myself right here and a couple other spots and I looked a little closer and I said, "Oh my god, I'm getting wrinkles. I'm getting more wrinkles uh on my face than I've ever had before." Naturally, that's due to the weight loss. And that's a byproduct of rapid weight loss. Uh, and a lot of people call it wiggoi face. So I'm going to make fun of wiggoi face today because I'm taking a generic form of wiggoi compounded version of simaglletide. And wiggoi face is just a nickname. It's not a disease. It's nothing that you know it's going to you have to worry about. The real issue is facial volume loss from rapid weight loss. When we lose weight, we lose fat in the face, too. That's that's obvious. And that can make us look older, tired, or wrinkled. Hell, I'm 78 years old. I'm going to look older, tired, and wrinkled anyway. So, it doesn't really make that much difference. But, I did notice that I'm getting a little bit more of a sag here. And the elasticity of the face is the skin I should say is not there anymore. It's it's diminishing. But that's fine. That that's okay. And I actually looked up some ideas on how you could build up the that facial muscle so you'll get that tone back in your face. And I'll hold that to the end of the video. I'll be doing doing some demonstrations as far as exercises that I found and they're kind of hilarious. It's uh probably going to make me look like an ass again, but I don't care. I mean, it doesn't matter to me. My my grandchildren and my future grandchildren, great grandchildren, and so forth and so on will look at this video in the future and say, "God, grandpa was really an idiot." But that's that's besides the point. All right. Again, I mentioned I'm on compounded simaglletide. The scale was going down or is going down and I'm feeling great. And then the other day, I looked in the mirror like I said, why do I look tired? My cheeks were thinner. The skin didn't bounce back like before. And that's when I did some research and I learned about WGO face. Now, why it hits harder as we age? As we get older, we lose collagen. We we lose less elasticity and subcutaneous fat. So, when we lose weight, the skin doesn't always tighten back up. The face looks leaner, but sometimes a little too lean. Here are a few tips that you can do to help with your wiggoi face. You can hydrate. Water is your skin's best friend. You can use skin care products like hyaluronic acid or retinol. I'm sure you see this on TV all the time. You put this stuff on, it tightens your skin and you know, yeah, that's great, but it it also costs money to do that kind of stuff. Another option is to lose weight more slowly and that'll give your skin more time to adjust and to recoup to your weight loss. You can strength train, which I mentioned before, that'll build muscle and support skin tone. And there's exercises that I found online. Uh, and I'll put a link to it in a description below that you can go to if you want to. And there are dermat dermatologist options such as fillers or non-invasive treatments that are available. Or you can go to a plastic surgeon and get your chin tucked or whatever the hell they do. But again, that's cosmetic surgery and your insurance is not going to pay for it unless it's a absolute emergency life-threatening and they may I don't know it it depends upon the insurance company. All right. Have you noticed changes in your face doing weight loss? Let's talk about it in the comments below. And if you like this video, after I talk about my strength training for my face, uh, you know, please hit the bell down below and that'll notify you of any new videos that I'm putting up. All right, this this section of this video, it's going to be called face yoga for fuller, younger looking skin. We do crunches for our abs, do hammer curls for biceps. Do we ever work out the muscles in our face? Turns out we should. All right, let's talk about face yoga. How it might help lift, form, and restore fullness for your to your face as you age. And as I mentioned, I don't really give a darn. I mean, it is what it is. Uh, you know, a thinner face is fine. even my head is not as fat anymore and that that's fine with me. Uh but getting back to this face yoga exercise routine, I found out there are 57 muscles in your face, your scalp and your neck. And working these muscles stimulate collagen, restores facial volume, and fights uh fights visible signs of aging. Now, why aging affects the face? Again, I mentioned earlier in the video, skin loses elasticity. The fat pads between the skin and muscle are thin and drop and the face starts to look hollow and saggy. Yeah, that's that's happening. I know that's happening, but as I mentioned before, I could care less. It doesn't matter to me. All right. But if you can build the muscles underneath, you can fill out and reshape the face naturally without resorting to skin creams or reconstructive surgery or whatever else that you know could come up with. Uh if muscle underneath becomes bigger, the skin has more stuffing under it. It makes the face appear firmer and fuller. There's no needles, no surgery, just muscle tone. Now, here's a recommended schedule uh for these exercises. First eight weeks, 30 minutes a day. Next 12 weeks, every other day. For maintenance, two or three times per week. All right. Now, this is going to be the funny part. I'm going to read this so I get it right. Let's go through four face yoga moves that you can try at home. They look a little silly, but they work. I tried a couple of them uh this morning and and last night and it it was hilarious. I mean, yeah, it's like faces I used to make to my grandchildren when they were younger kids and like I used to tease them. All right, so number one, this is called the lion exercise. Smile and inhale and exhale with power. Open mouth wide. Stick tongue out. Roll eyes upward. Tighten from buttocks to neck. How the hell are you going to tighten from your ass to your neck? I don't know. Well, we'll see. Now repeat, but press fingers across your forehead. Slide fingers downward. Flex your brows upward. And repeat variation three times while opening up your mouth, sticking out your tongue, and rolling your Oh god, that's Yeah, forget that. That's That's going to be That's going to be hilarious on on video. All right, the next exercise is exercise number two, the cheek lifter. And I'm talking about your butt. I'm talking about these cheeks right here. Make a long O like this with your mouth. Top lift lip folds over teeth. Place fingers on your upper cheeks. Smile and lift cheeks. Oh, this is this is freaking ridiculous. I mean, this is going to be a blast. Yeah, this this ought to get a lot of views on this one. looking at John. And again, do 10 reps of that. Hold the last one. Hold for 20 seconds. Repeat the full set three times. Yeah, like I'm going to do that. Number three exercise is scooping jaw and neck firmer. Tuck lower lip and corners into your mouth. Extend jaw forward. Then tilt your head slightly back. Scoop slowly with the jaw about one inch per scoop. All right. Again, do this 10 times. Whole final scoop for 20 seconds and do it three three times that whole set. Okay. And the last one is exercise number four, the temple flexor. Open mouth wide, lips pressed to teeth, open eyes wide, look up and tilt chin. Okay. Move your mouth from small O to big O. Flex cheek, chin and neck. Feel the temporals temporalis muscle tighten at your temple. Oh yeah, this is giving me a headache. So that's not going to be done. All right. Facial uh resistance training is real and it works just like we work out the rest of our bodies. I work out sometimes. I don't do it often enough. Our face deserves some attention, too. Give it a try. Have some fun with it and let me know if you feel or see a difference. Thank you for subscribing. If you haven't already subscribed to my channel, I would appreciate you doing so. You know, please leave comments below. And what I'm going to do is I'm going to put these ex I'm going to put a link to this website that I found this uh information on and try it. See if it works for you. I'm going to try a couple of them, but I'm going to do it at home looking in front of the mirror. I'm not going to do it in front of the cameras anymore and making a fool of myself. But then again, I do that every day anyway, so it doesn't make a hell of a lot of difference to me. So, if you like this video, give it a thumbs up. If you want to hear more of my videos, hit the button down below and subscribe to the ch and hit that notification button. That'll give you advanced notification when a new video is coming out or when a video is coming out. And again, thank you for listening. I appreciate it. And you have a good day.

- How to Lose Fat without Losing Muscle (Science Backed Tips): Kind: captions Language: en Can you spot reduce while dieting to lose only fat and nothing else if body recomp is your goal let's talk about best practices for fat loss not weight loss while keeping that precious metabolic muscle whether your goal is body recomp or you're trying to improve your health let's talk about the science of fat loss over weight loss hey everyone I'm Abby sharp welcome to Abby's kitchen [Music] thank you before we get into today's video I'm going to thank my colleagues at unlocked Fitness Nutrition for assisting on the research and evidence-based practical advice I'm going to be linking to their website below if you're looking for my top trusted professionals when it comes to Fitness and weight management support I also want to remind everyone that I will be sharing that loss related information today which is at odds with the official intuitive eating philosophy personally and professionally I believe in body autonomy and I get asked a lot of questions about best practices for safe fat loss so my goal as a science Communicator is really to meet people where they are with evidence-based content and advice I don't want you thinking that this is a suggestion from me that people should all be trying to lose fat or even wait I'm simply responding to one of the most common questions that I get asked with the best quality science and a bit of my signature sass okay hold up for a second I want to tell you about today's sponsor element so I'm really honored to be working with element because this is a product that I was using years ago when I was on my breastfeeding Saga and it really really helped me recover I ended up getting back into it when I spent a few months down south this year because because I just have a really bad tendency to get heat stroke or get super dehydrated in the Sun so this really saved me a lot of my colleagues who work in Sports Nutrition also swear by elements specifically because it has a science-backed electrolyte ratio of a thousand milligram sodium 200 milligrams potassium and 60 milligrams magnesium and it has no colors sugar or fillers I've also found having my electrolytes in the morning has also had a huge impact on my sleep so even on days that I'm not sweating a lot I'll usually still have at least half a packet I love all things spicy so the mango chili is my current Obsession but they have nine different flavors including their new grapefruit which I also really love right now element is offering my viewers a free sample pack with any order so that is eight single serving packets for free with any element order and this is a really great way to try all eight flavors or to share element with a salty friend so you can get yours at drinkelement.com Abby sharp and this deal is only available through my link so you got to go to d-r-i-n-k-l-mnt.com slash ABI Sharp hmm so good okay so before we get into some of the best practices here in the science it is worth pointing out that when people die and lose weight about a quarter of that weight on average is water metabolic muscle mass and an extreme weight loss cases are vital organs like our heart and liver this is actually one of the reasons for the high mortality rates in folks with restrictive EDS now some muscle loss may be a bit inevitable but if someone does insist on losing weight we ideally want to skew as much as possible towards body fat rather than that really important metabolic muscle and this is not just for body recomp Aesthetics which really is not my key demographic here but for the average individual just trying to lose weight we know that it's the excess fat that's associated with chronic disease while a loss of that muscle mass is associated with poor metabolic Health heart health strength and risk of Frailty later on in older age so this is actually one of the main reasons why people who've been dieting their whole lives AKA weight cycling tend to end up heavier over time each and every time a person dies and loses weight they can lose some percentage of that muscle and then when they go off the diet and they're eating normally again they gain the weight back and typically that weight regain is in fat so basically the more weight cycling the less muscle mass we maintain and the lower are resting metabolism is so let's start by answering some of the big questions that I get asked all the time number one can you spot reduce fat so for example I personally have a little more fat in my belly but I would love a little help in the button boobs Department Becky look at her butt so if I diet could I potentially just lose the weight right here well spot reduction or essentially deliberately losing fat from a specific region of the body is often rejected did by the health and science community and is often seen as a big fat myth the problem is most studies that have researched spot reduction haven't actually included any trials who are a significant amount of body fat loss was observed so you can't just like shift around where the existing fat is not without surgery at least I am a surgeon now generally speaking when dieting the areas of the body that have the most fat tend to be the areas where fat is lost from first so in my case theoretically I would lose more weight in my belly than I would my boobs that said while spot reduction is often debated Spotlight pollosis is actually clearly seen in the literature so this is where individuals will break down more fat tissue around the muscles that they're exercising compared to other areas in the body so for example a cyclist would probably have super lean legs but but maybe if they did have fat in their body it might be in their belly or somewhere else so in that sense like spot reduction is actually in some ways plausible but for spot reduction to actually happen the following criteria would likely be needed to be met number one you need to be doing super super high intensity exercise in the area that you wanted to reduce two you would need a super high energy expenditure during or immediately after you exercise to burn the fat that's being mobilized from that area and three you would need to be in a caloric deficit or state of energy deficiency for weight and fat loss to even occur it's a tall order the only way you could spot reduce in less extreme conditions without any sort of like dieting or caloric restriction is if you do a lot of aerobic exercise which has been shown to reduce visceral fat around the organs which is actually the most dangerous type of fat so this is the key here folks exercise is super important for supporting the type of fat loss that's not about Aesthetics but that actually matters for health keep that in mind now another question that I'm often asked about fat loss is related to all of these alleged fat burning diets and programs super quickly fasted exercise intermittent fasting keto and all these like fat burning supplements have shown no difference in fat loss in comparison to a control group facet exercise does burn more fat but not overall more calories which is actually what matters when it comes to losing weight ditto for all these other diets have suppressed insulin and put you in fat burning mode like the weight loss occurs not because of the fat burning mode but because of the caloric deficit these things create so just a quick reminder that phallus doesn't equal weight loss that's a really important thing to remember here but let's say you are on a weight loss journey and you're actively dieting whatever that looks like for you I'm not suggesting anyone needs to do or should do this is a theoretical scenario but if this is the path that you've chosen how can you skew towards fat loss while maintaining that Health promoting muscle mass this is really important here folks so I'm going to give you some evidence-based tips number one exercise you guys knew I was gonna say that I mean you hear all the Bros always saying that abs are made in the kitchen and that at least 80 of weight loss is diet and I'm not debating that diet is arguably more important when it comes to weight loss specifically but including an exercise program along with your diet will have the greatest impact on one's ability to maintain or gain muscle while dieting resistance exercise like strength training and weight training is obviously most effective but endurance exercise is still way better than nothing Tons Of Studies have demonstrated that people can maintain their muscle mass when losing weight if they are regularly resistance training now the ideal sweet spot for most people seems to be around 10 sets of exercises for each muscle group per week or what ends up being around three workout days per week at a high enough intensity that you are training near muscle failure now if this feels impossibly intense I know that I I definitely do not train that hard remember that this is just the ideal for like professional style results all movement is good movement and will help to support muscle preservation and this brings me to another really important piece protein what I got right here baby so there is a reason why the vast majority of popular weight loss diets promote higher amounts of protein not only is protein King of the satiety hierarchy Allah my Hunger crush and combo but it is imperative to maintaining muscle while we are losing weight the faster your weight loss rate the more protein needed to gain or even just maintain that protective muscle mass so assuming that you're sticking to the recommended weight loss rate of around one percent weight loss per week or between one to two pounds of weight loss per week an intake of 0.8 to 1 grams per pound of body weight will be enough for most people so for 160 pound person that's somewhere in the neighborhood of around 120 to 160 grams of protein and if that number sounds really super high it could look something like this breakfast could be a cheese and veggie omelette with like two eggs and two egg whites with some whole grain toast for snack we could do like a protein shake lunch could be veggie and quinoa salad with like three and a half ounces of chicken breast for snack we could have a cup of shelled edamame dinner could be like a veggie rice stir-fry with like three and a half ounces of shrimp and bedtime snack could be a cup of cottage cheese with berries you guys know I love cottage cheese so back to the old adage that 80 of fat loss is diet and 20 is exercise in the context of maintaining muscle mass to preserve metabolism while losing weight we actually see that resistance training is Queen though a combination of these two things Reigns Supreme all right and I like it I love me little Ryan hold that thought popping these in a 350 oven for like 20 minutes or something 20 minutes later so as you can see from this graph resistance exercise alone makes up about 87 of the effect of muscle maintenance and growth in a calorie deficit while protein makes up the other 13 so to recap if you're dieting and actively trying to lose weight you are naturally at risk of muscle loss and in order to protect our metabolism immune function heart health and strength as we age we want to minimize that as much as we can you are at even greater risk of a higher than average proportion of weight coming from muscle instead of fat if number one if you're already at a normal or underweight BMI category and therefore have less fat to lose in that demographic specifically we sometimes see as much as 35 loss of fat-free Mass not ideal number two if you're losing weight faster than recommended rate so more than one percent per week number three if you're intermittent fasting especially if you're doing full day fasting or the omad diet when you're only eating one meal a day four if you're not exercising five if you're not getting enough protein and six if you are already over the age of 65. all of these factors will make dieting and weight loss a lot more risky for long-term health so I'm not saying that you should never attempt weight loss if you meet any of those criteria but I'm just warning that if you do it may be very helpful to seek out professional support like my go to RDS at unlocked Fitness Nutrition again I'm going to leave their contact info below and also another reminder that this is not a suggestion to anyone to try to lose weight or fat it is simply a summary of the evidence on the safest way to do so for those who decide to make that choice for themselves and on that note we got breakfast for a few days here this is a built-in hunger crushing combo we got high fiber carbs in a tortilla plus lots of protein and healthy fats in our eggs cheese and nooch I am excited to dig in and on that note that's all that I have for you guys today if you like this video please give it the thumbs up hit up my description for my new Hunger crush and combo ebook and I'll see you next time on Abby's kitchen bye

- RETATRUTIDA É MAIS FORTE QUE O OZEMPIC E MOUNJARO (DRA. ORIANNE CAMPELO) | Na Saúde x Na Doença #084: Kind: captions Language: en-US Welcome to the podcast "In Health and in Disease." My name is Rafael Monteiro, I'm a vascular surgeon, and I want to know, have you ever taken that little pen and stopped losing weight? Wow, and now there's something new coming? This retatrude that's coming to Brazil soon, who knows, maybe it's better than Monjaro, than Ozenique, or not? So subscribe, like, and participate because today we're going to have a great chat with someone who understands everything about nutrition, weight loss, health, and the muscular aspect you want to look great in. Dr. Oriane em Campelo, thank you so much for being here, doctor. Thank you, Rafael, for the invitation. I'm very happy to be here. And let's talk about this subject that is revolutionizing the world of weight loss: peptides, LP1 analogs, Jeep analogs, and now glucagon analogs, which is retatrude. Well, you'll have to explain this to me because you really caught me off guard, because until now I hadn't read much about it. In Brazil, retatrutide isn't available yet, right? Not yet. It's a medication that's in phase three of studies, but it's already being used as a test in some countries, but it hasn't been approved yet by the FJA in the United States, nor by Anvisa here either. So we have reports of people using it, but on their own initiative, right? Without medical supervision. Well, Orian, but I wanted to understand retatrutide, this different name, is it a new generation of monjaro, dien pique, these medications? Exactly. Uh, what happened? These medications really started to evolve. So we started way back with lira glutide, then with semagutide which is pique, tartide, and now retatrutide, which is a triple agonist. It will act on three intestinal hormone receptors, unlike TISE, which acts on two receptors, and Ozempi, which is a glutide, acting only on one LP1 receptor. And that's really the great triumph of this medication, right? What is the efficacy and the difference between this medication and others? Yes. And that's what I wanted to understand, is it better, in principle, the trend, right? Because the entire study still needs to be completed. The trend is that it will be better than Monjaro, which is already a success, and Zenque itself, for sure. The evolution of these medications is precisely for this, so that we have a benefit, an increasingly higher effect, with fewer side effects. And that's exactly what the most recent studies are showing. It's a weight loss that is already being compared to bariatric surgery, which is in the range of 34%. And in the most recent studies, with the reta tuttida, it's achieving a weight loss of 30%. Wow! Weight in 48 months, so in a year, 48 weeks, actually, in a year. So, when it's launched, it will truly be revolutionary, it's already perfect. But its effect, you mentioned two important things, so its effect tends to be better than Monjaro's thyroiditis, which is what's booming, right? But that's because it targets, it targets an additional receptor. What is this additional receptor? Well, glucagon is a hormone that has an antagonistic effect to insulin. While insulin promotes the accumulation of glycogen, right, of sugar, glucagon has the opposite effect. So it stimulates our body to use our energy reserves, the energy substrate, as a source of energy. So, one of the main benefits it will bring is really avoiding the plateau effect and accelerating weight loss, forcing the body to actually burn fat. So, before we had treatments that were focused on decreasing appetite, and now we will have appetite suppression along with this effectiveness, the effectiveness in metabolizing fats, right? Basically, it has an effect of accelerating the metabolism of fat to become carbohydrate. Is that it? Exactly. So, it will act on the mitochondria to increase the use of energy substrates as an energy source, such as ATP, which didn't happen with previous medications. That's why the plateau effect happens much more frequently than studies with trutide have shown. There comes a point in the use of tizepaide or semagutida where we already have a restriction that makes it almost impossible to increase the dosage. Then the patient starts to enter a plateau effect, begins to experience muscle mass loss due to this very aggressive deficit. This will be more difficult to happen because the medication will simultaneously be forcing the body to use its remaining fat stores as energy. It would basically be targeting fat more and not attacking the energy from protein and muscle as much. Is that it? No, we can't... it will act on fat, but if the person has a very excessive deficit, very high, muscle mass loss, catabolism, can occur. So, in the same way that it's necessary to have nutritional monitoring with other medications, it's also necessary with tizepaide and semagutida. I understand. Actually, it won't change much, I mean, it won't select, that's the doubt I had. So it won't necessarily prevent you from losing lean mass, but it will prevent you from having to maintain such an intense calorie deficit for a long time. That's it. Uh-huh. So, in the world of bodybuilding, for example, which is really what made it more accessible and known to the public, why is it so widely used by athletes? Because first, they use it not to suppress their appetite, but because they don't want to lose performance in their training, and it has a very large effect in improving metabolism, the use of energy substrates, and also reducing food noise, which is that thought about food. So, for someone who spends all day thinking, "I'm going to eat later," it also reduces that craving, those thoughts about food. This "food noise" would be exactly that free time you have to do anything but eat, and you'd think, "I could grab a snack," would that be it? Yes. Uh-huh. So, it will act on our central nervous system, decreasing the dopamine response. We think dopamine is released when we ingest sugary or fatty foods, but no, this response happens when we start thinking about it. People report that it greatly reduces appetite between meals. So, the person has to remember, has to force themselves to eat . Perfect. Now, you mentioned glucagon, right? It will act on glucagon to prevent it from being released, it will activate glucagon, that's it. That's right? It will break down more fat to convert it into energy, more into sugars. And is there anything, I know it 's very early, that could significantly increase blood glucose or, in fact, have the opposite effect? Will it still act very favorably on a diabetic patient, for example? No, it will. Because it contains GLP-1 and GIP, it will also have the effect of lowering circulating glucose. So it will have this tripling effect; it will simultaneously increase blood sugar, but at the same time, we will be removing it due to other analogues, so it will maintain the balance . So it will probably be a drug that will still be used for diabetics as well. Probably yes. Okay. And the weight loss effect is greater than Monjaro, in fact, in recent studies, yes. Uh, as I said, approximately 30% of the initial weight with Tierartide, studies showed around 22 to 25% over a longer period, when I remember correctly, I think 56 weeks, and Ozenique almost half of that. So, these medications are becoming increasingly potent . And in your view, because when we talk about weight loss, everyone wants it, but the concern is losing a lot of weight, very quickly. You said, "Okay, a nutritionist, a dietician, an endocrinologist, a doctor, a professional monitoring and helping in the process." But isn't very rapid weight loss a concern either? Yes. That's why when it's launched, we 'll need monitoring. And in the same way, we'll be scaling up the doses, right, increasing them each time. Four weeks, as reported in some countries where the medication is already being used. It will be basically very similar to Monjaro and Zenpique. So, it's not that you'll start with a high dose, no. We'll observe the patient's reaction and reach a dose that becomes too high, which will have to be adjusted according to weight loss. However, it won't be potent enough to completely suppress appetite. Some reports even show that it doesn't decrease appetite as much as Monjaro. It really acts more on metabolism. So, some people report a significant improvement in energy and stamina. I was thinking precisely because of that, because the body will be more adapted to using fat as energy, which is different from Monjaro, one of the main complaints being fatigue, lethargy, and lack of motivation. That's why it 's also very interesting for athletes, because in addition to being able to follow the diet, it's much easier. They also report that it greatly improves energy, focus, and concentration. So it will have that effect, but several others, right? It's not the main focus of the medication. Uh-huh. Definitely. Because there are people who, I've even heard them say here, "Wow, you brought a cool new thing, I'm going to get out of that rut, I'm going to take it like it's a joy bomb, isn't that right?" Yes. Okay. No, great. Because I got excited here. I said when it's launched, right? Obviously, but it will have the indications like any other medication. Perfect. All the approvals and we 'll understand it better too, right? And one of the things that I know is also very recent for us to talk about with retatrudide, but with hepatidide, this plateau effect and everything, is that because the body gets used to the medication or because the body starts to adapt to having fewer calories and then it stops losing weight? Both happen. Our body has a system that sees weight loss as a warning sign. So, it goes into survival mode, our metabolism slows down. And there's also the issue, as I mentioned, of muscle mass loss, which decreases metabolism. Uh, there are also some issues, like cortisol, so a person who doesn't sleep well, who lives stressed, that will also influence the continuation of weight loss, hormones, in short, we need to evaluate everything when the patient enters this plateau effect. I understand. And in the plateau effect, it's not that the medication stops working, it's that the body has adapted to that new reality. It's more or less that. That's it. And it's as if the body, the mind, tries everything and makes changes so that you return to your previous weight, to that set point. So it wants you to go back to that beginning and then these hormonal changes start to happen, which are very common, okay? And another thing that really catches my attention is the energy levels, right? Let's talk about this meglutide, starting with the Monjaro liver oil. Regarding the side effects of Zenpic, some people reported very severe side effects: intense headaches, significant nausea, sometimes even an intolerance to food, causing nausea. With meglutide, I've noticed a certain improvement in the comments, and it's claimed that it has indeed improved. With meglutide, are even fewer side effects expected? That's quite controversial. Studies show that it may have a slightly higher side effect of nausea or vomiting than Monjaro. But the reports we hear are that there are indeed fewer side effects, but it depends on the dose and the person using it. The theory is that it has fewer side effects and is more potent. Because you said it doesn't significantly reduce appetite, among other things. So it may be that it can work more naturally even with the use of the medication, it would be more about bringing more awareness to the person about what they are eating, and that way they will succeed, right? She won't suppress her appetite 100%, but that's why she'll be able to eat, feel satisfied, and stop, because she'll get less reward from that food, right? I understand. Regarding your guidance on nutrition, diet, and such, do you think that will maintain that protein interest, that need for protein replenishment? Or perhaps because it's a metabolism booster, the person might be able to have a less intense diet. Let me explain better. Regarding hepatitis, sometimes you in neurology have to increase protein intake precisely because people have difficulty eating and don't lose lean mass. Do you think retrutide will improve that as well? That's a very interesting point, because, like glucagon, glucagon needs sugar, something that's very important with the use of retrutide is not to eliminate carbohydrates. So, perhaps when it's launched, we'll also focus a lot on macrocarbohydrates and not just protein as we did until now with Monjari and Zenpic. So, for it to have a truly 100% effect and for the patient not to experience that tiredness, that fatigue, they will need to have a necessary amount of carbohydrates throughout the day. Basically, I'm imagining this: you need to cross a river full of piranhas, and you 'll have to throw in a little rice, a little bread, so the protein isn't destroyed. Exactly. You'll have to add something. And that's what really stands out because in the bodybuilding world , people consume a lot of carbohydrates, right? Because we think they only eat protein, but there's a lot of carbohydrates, isn't that right? Exactly. And that's where a key change comes in , which is really focusing on a more balanced diet, not just proteins and vegetables, but also important carbohydrates, protein, and fats. So, a more balanced diet so that the body really functions and the medication has a potentiated effect. Yes, but I imagine you'll say and agree that it's not just any carbohydrate. Exactly. It's not necessarily the cookie. It's not trans protein, trans fat, or anything like that. There's still healthy fat, healthy carbohydrate to add to that. That's right. Remember, this is a treatment for obese or overweight people. So, to avoid insulin spikes , we need carbohydrates with a lower glycemic index. And proteins too, in all meals, so that we have, or at least manage to maintain, muscle mass, and fats, which will accelerate and produce hormones, right? They are also very important. Now, if we're talking a lot about it, what caught my attention is that you say it accelerates metabolism, etc., this person may sometimes, in their view, experience a very large acceleration, and the person may even become uncomfortable with this medication, or this isn't reported. For example, a person who has a psychiatric illness with more agitation or a psychological disorder, this probably won't be the case for them. In fact, regarding psychiatric disorders, as it brings more focus and clarity, as the reports say, it will have a positive impact on them. So people will feel more capable of performing daily activities, physical activity, and won't experience the energy and stamina crash that comes with previous medications, especially when used with medical supervision. It's meant to be the opposite, to improve energy and stamina in people, particularly obese individuals using the medication. It can help with daily physical activity performance, in all activities in general. Yes, it will have less impact on performance and training output than previous medications. People who use Mojaro, for example, often report: "Oh, I can't increase the weights, I can't progress in my workouts." The tendency with the correct medication is for it to be different, to simultaneously lose weight and gain muscle mass, precisely because the body will be releasing more energy. So they will be able to perform activities with more intensity, with specialized supervision. It's no use doing it alone, it's pointless. So one of the questions, then , regarding this, is, you talked a lot about mitochondria. Mitochondria are a small part of the cell, right, that is responsible for respiration and energy production. And I wanted to understand what actually changes in the mitochondria. What do you expect from this mitochondrial change? Well, it activates glucagon, which causes the body to stimulate the use of energy substrates in the mitochondria to produce energy. So, if we have an obese patient, full of inflammation, full of visceral fat, they may have a decrease in mitochondrial function. So, when we use this medication, it may not accelerate, but it may potentiate energy production at the mitochondrial level. So, it will act from the brain to the mitochondria. It will have a completely complementary effect. Great. And you mentioned abdominal fat, which is one of the major risk factors for heart attack, stroke, and atherosclerotic complications in general in the body. Well, the tendency is that it has an effect that is to be hepatogenic, but it has an even more active effect on central fat, on abdominal fat inside our intestines. And then I even think, could the liver, these regions that sometimes accumulate fat, also benefit? Yes. In studies, there's a very interesting study that shows it reduced fat levels in patients with hepatic steatosis by 80%, because it forces the body to use this sugar, this glycogen, as energy and also increases the mobilization of fat, of fatty acids. So it will be, I think it will be one of the main indications for hepatic steatosis. Sensational, because today it's very difficult, right, Orane? You deal even more than I do with this, to prescribe a Tracon medication and a patient with a minimum of obesity or overweight, who doesn't already have a degree of hepatic steatosis, right? And that scares people, at least it raises an alert. Yes. So, uh, obesity is really a multifactorial disease. It will, it can continue. Obesity is a multifactorial disease that increases the risk of other diseases. And hepatic steatosis is one of them, one of the main ones really. And this medication will act, it already acts, but it will act even more effectively in controlling this disease, okay? And this injection, it's also injectable, it will come injectable, so from the start it will also be injectable, okay? And this injectable, to confirm, you suggested it will be weekly as well. Exactly. Weekly. Wow, that flew by. Uh, with dose increases every four weeks, theoretically, but for each case, yes, but each case may be adjusted according to each patient, but theoretically, increasing every four weeks will vary from 2.5 to 12 mg. And it's very similar to tisepatide and others, right? Because you make this gradual increase and you evaluate the patient, either through laboratory tests or clinically, their results, right? That's it, right? Yes. Exactly. The same thing. And studies also show that there's a dose that's more effective for weight loss. So, when we reach the maximum dose, it's kind of like the weight loss doesn't increase. If you increase the dose... If you increase the dose, exactly, it starts to have the opposite effect, which I think is what you were trying to say, that the person loses so much appetite and starts to lose lean mass, and the opposite effect. Exactly. And at this dose , because today I even wanted to confirm if this is correct, with semaglutide you use it, you reach your ideal dose, which I won't say maximum, which is ideal, and then if the person wants to stop, how do they do it? Is it usually a gradual return or can they stop all at once? It's not recommended to stop all at once. And weaning can be done by decreasing the dose each week. Or I also like to increase the interval between applications. So, every 12 days, every 15 days can also be done. But, since it's a chronic disease, we say that its use can be maintained for as many years as necessary for the patient, even for a lifetime. Yes. And within that area, these medications, like Orena, have sometimes been an option, but the patient may experience relapses, lose their mind, because it's very much a matter of discipline, right? The person gets the result, then has to maintain discipline. So it has happened a lot that patients have had good results. You stop taking them, everything is fine, and then the patient loses their mind again and gains weight. It has been very... That's very common, especially among people who don't understand that lifestyle changes and changes in habits are necessary, right? Medication is a tool we use to enhance results, but it won't be what makes you change 100% or treat obesity, because obesity has no cure; it's a chronic disease. So, it's not just about using medication, but the entire lifestyle needs to be changed, from sleep to physical activity and a balanced diet. It's not about reaching your ideal weight and then abandoning the doctor or medication. We need to continue monitoring the patient. And regarding its effects, gastric emptying remains slower . Since it also affects these other receptors, there will also be a decrease in gastric emptying time, but the side effects will be less severe; it won't be as potent as Pique, for example, which only acted on GLP-1. Yes, I ask this because many people today don't know, but when you undergo a procedure with sedation, anesthesia, or whatever, the suggestion is to remove it for a while beforehand, because one of the biggest concerns of anesthesiologists or the doctor performing the procedure, dentist, or whoever, is that during the procedure, the patient might become very immobile, slower, and end up vomiting, which could enter the airway. And that's also a concern, I imagine. Uh-huh. And then there's one of the main complaints from patients, especially hair loss. "Oh, I'm taking vitamins, I eat right, but my hair is starting to fall out." And people think it's because of the medication, but it's not. And another thing I want to talk about is that it reduces the absorption of vitamins due to the gastric emptying time, so we'll have less absorption of these vitamins. So it's not because of the medication itself, but the effect it has on the intestine. So sometimes it's recommended to do replacement through injectable or intramuscular injections. Okay, so you can supplement it through an exam. You see if giving certain vitamins via injection is more effective than taking them orally. And then we get into the topic of pregnancy too. Women who use oral contraceptives. I have a partner who's a gynecologist, and she says that every day she sees a patient who was routinely using Monjaro and got pregnant. Is that true? Precisely because of that. That's not a myth. It's not a myth because it reduces the absorption of the medication. And that's why we have to tell the patient, "Do you want to get pregnant?" and recommend seeing a gynecologist to change the contraceptive method. That's great, because if you tell the person that, they'll say, "No, the problem isn't the medication itself, it's the absorption." Exactly. That's reduced. That's crazy. Look at the danger, guys. That's dangerous. Be careful. And it's good that you brought that up because it's a topic that was discussed a lot, and I swear to you, I'm not, I'm genuinely surprised. Until now, I had even forgotten about it. So, it increases the gestational risk. Yes, due to an organic issue and not the direct effect of the medication. And sometimes the patient is using hormones, right, along with it. So it's something that's very serious, it needs medical monitoring, really. Sensational, sensational. But what about the effects and the restrictions these medications have in relation to some other everyday medications? I know that retradite is new, but hepatide, ah, if you're taking such a medication, you can't take this one, or there's nothing really like that, of course, much, uh, apart from that contraceptive I mentioned, it's very safe, so it doesn't usually have many drug interactions. Unless, for example, with antibiotics, it can also decrease the effectiveness, but it's not that common. Wow, you opened my eyes to something important. Any oral medication today requires proper guidance. I don't know, I'm thinking about blood pressure medication, medication for other things. You mentioned antibiotics, sometimes that transition is necessary. Gastric acid, and you might lose some of the effect, right? Exactly. Uh-huh. That's great. That's great. And when is it coming to Brazil? Do you have any idea yet? The prediction is 1.5 to 2 years. We're in phase three, which is the phase where it starts being tested on a larger group of people , and it's a phase that takes a little while. So I think it will be launched around 2027. It shouldn't be cheap either, right? It won't be cheap. No, right? Ah, people say that it will arrive at the minimum dose, in the range of R$ 5,000, 2.5, right? Jesus Christ. It will be very expensive then because the tir hepatida, Monjaro, the commercial name, already has a very high value. Zenque was already expensive, Monjaro became even more so. The trend is that Monjaro will become cheaper too, just like Zenque was, right? It will decrease. That's true. It might have decreased a little, but I'll tell you, I do n't think it decreased too much either. It decreased a little. R$300, if I'm not mistaken, only R$300. And this medication, in which country is it being studied more? In the United States and China, right? Two countries. China is a country that has laboratories that make raw materials that are sent to other countries, but basically in the United States, which is the main laboratory, it's also a synthetic medication. Exactly, right? Because semaglutide comes from organic matter, right? Tizepatide is synthetic. Retide will probably be synthetic too, right? Also, right? Because semaglutide is also a peptide. Look. Take it, Rafael. Yeah, pay attention. You're not paying attention, are you? But it's good because this creates a possibility sometimes of seeing the raw material and having that manipulation that some options we have in two hepatologies already happen, there are already several clinics that do copartite treatment there already. It's because I get hammered every day here on our YouTube channel because we said that here, by law, manipulation is permitted with a doctor's prescription, a doctor's order, and for specific cases. In fact, is that really possible with the straight injection? No, it can't be split. Yes, absolutely. The straight injection was banned, but the split injection is allowed. Perfect. Because then they'll keep attacking me, saying: "No, but that's a lie, that it doesn't exist, that you can't manipulate it." But it's not that you manipulate the raw material. The raw material is purchased, and you just combine it and transform it into an injectable product. Of course, it will depend a lot on the quality of that raw material, obviously, right? That's why there was a ban on several, well, in Paraguay, and saying split injection, but it can be manipulated in companies that have been approved by Anvisa, right? And another issue we talked about is the usual side effects, right? Sometimes mild abdominal pain, uh, malaise, nausea, headache, and everything else. Is there anything yet about pancreatitis, something like that, with retratide? No, that's probably one of the reasons it hasn't been released yet, it hasn't shown those effects, it hasn't demonstrated any effects like that yet, so it can't be released, right? Yes. And will there be any restrictions? Because they were talking about medullary thyroid cancer, avoiding taking it, right? Because in rats, right? It was in rats that it had an effect. Others also suggest a very careful evaluation, although it has to be in all patients, in patients with gallstones , right? Yes, very specific cases, right? As is also the case with tespitade, but we need more studies to be sure about that. Perfect. Perfect. And so I want to know, will it really be better than tizepatide in your opinion? It's too early to say, but do you think it will really come to take its place as the best medicine in this area? As happened with Monjaro, which was better with Zen Pique, it's likely, almost 100% certain, that it will be better this time, but that doesn't exclude the indications for Monjaro, you understand? So, regarding the cost-benefit ratio, for example, Monjaro will continue to be better, but in terms of medication efficacy, fewer side effects, it will be better. Well, we're making the video today. This video is going to be very popular. The little remedy might be working soon. You're watching the video and there's already a lot of information. So, These studies, I know it takes time for them to reach Brazil. When do these studies end, in principle? More or less. So, in phase three, which is the last phase, it should already be in the final stretch. This year it was resolved. Uh-huh. And then to be launched next year, around 2027. Wonderful. Do we have any more news? It's a medication we talk about so much, right, tesepatide, and we're clearing up doubts. Now comes Retag, I won't be able to keep up, Oriane, you have to come here always with the news to bring. But that's it. Ah, so, with this medication coming, it will add to the treatment, maybe it will help diabetics too. This works in this whole weight loss process as well, it continues not to be indicated for aesthetic use. That's not even being discussed yet. Not yet, right? Sol, it's recreational use that exists, as it exists with any other hormone, but the real indication, for now, will be obesity and diabetes. And I also think hepatic steatosis. Good. You're betting on something I really liked. Good bet, interesting. I want to join in on this bet , I liked this information because I didn't know it. And regarding the use of this medication, whether it's semaglutide, which is Piicque, or monjaro, or retatrudide, what does Dr. Oriane suggest doing along with it? Medical follow-up, for sure, and also from other professionals. Multidisciplinary follow-up with a nutritionist to assess your diet, a personal trainer to design your workout. Sometimes a psychologist is also necessary, for patients who have eating disorders, although it will also act a lot on that, but all this follow-up is necessary so that we have effective and lasting results, which is a very common complaint, I lost weight and then it all comes back again. Sometimes it's a lack of this follow-up and this follow-up ends with the use of the medication. No, no, it doesn't have to continue. It's a chronic disease, right, that needs follow-up. Chronic inflammatory disease, among other things. Uh-huh. That's great. Give a message to everyone to be sensible. And now I'm going to ask something different, right? I gave a message to the people who want to use the medication and all that, but to be sensible in this whole process, please. Exactly. Just like what happened, as I saw, is happening, right? Many people are using it, without any regulation, without authorization from Anvisa (Brazilian Health Regulatory Agency). Sometimes it's the best thing for your health, sometimes not, in most cases the cheap option ends up being expensive. So be careful, just because your friend is using it and your neighbor is doesn't mean you should too. So seek guidance, seek help from a professional. And the medication is still being tested, but it really does come with all these promises that are being confirmed in studies. Excellent. And now, Oriane, I want to know, because we follow you, we're loyal followers. I want to know how we can find you on social media, because I know you give a lot of tips there about training, about all that, and obviously about the use of these medications. Exactly. So, my Instagram is Dr. Oriane Campelo, and on TikTok as well, Dra. Oriane, spelled with two Ns. 2 Ns. Who knows, maybe I'll be on YouTube too. Let's shine, man. It's the area you need to be in, because it's an area that's very information-rich. Yes. Wonderful. And it will also be down here in the description for Dr. Eriane. You practice in São Paulo, but you also offer telemedicine. Also online and in Maranhão, which is where I'm from. Imperatriz. Imperatriz. So I'm on this bridge here. São Paulo. You're the second from Imperatriz to come here. There was Dr. Fernanda, who came to talk about surgical facial harmonization. Yes, Maranhão is dominating. Yes, very good, Ariane. Thank you. It's obviously a much broader topic than that if we were to delve deeper, but I think it's good information. It's a similar line of reasoning to hepatitis, from what I understand. I conclude, I think. I conclude, exactly, that it comes with more to bring even better results. And if God wills it, one day we'll be able to have this accessible to us, right? Uh-huh. That's it. Thank you so much for being here. Bye. See you later. So, guys. Do you want to use this? Dr. Oriane pointed it out here. Go to her social media, follow her, observe, understand. There's no point in insisting on aesthetics without health; it doesn't work. No use, it's just a matter of doing things the right way. So, follow the doctor's channel on Instagram. Let's urge her to join YouTube, and keep following us here on our podcast about health and illness. Bye, everyone. See you later.

- Break Through Your WEIGHT LOSS PLATEAU: Kind: captions Language: en you've been doing everything right you were losing weight and feeling great but now you stop losing let's go through how you can get your weight loss started again [Music] weight loss plateaus do happen but many times when people think they're in a weight loss Plateau they're actually not so how do you know first of all are you in a calorie deficit a lot of people are a bit confused by this if you're not losing body fat you are not in a calorie deficit let me say that again if you're not losing body fat you are not in a calorie deficit and then someone will say but I am I've I calculated the numbers I need for a calorie deficit and I've been doing them if you haven't set up your calorie deficit correctly in the first place that could be the reason why you're not getting the results so these numbers for calorie deficits that you might find from an online calculator are only very rough estimates of what your body might be burning they are based on age and gender and physical activity but genetics can play a role so unless you're living in a metabolic Ward you can't measure the actual amount of calories that you need to be in a deficit or what your maintenance calories are tracking Cal calories is notoriously difficult to do even dietitians have been shown to be off by about 20 percent so don't feel bad if you're not tracking your calories exactly accurately but the absolute number doesn't really matter that much anyway you just want to know based on how you're tracking right now how can I take in fewer calories than I have previously been taking in in order to be in a calorie deficit a really useful way of determining your true maintenance calories is to track your calories for a week without changing anything just do everything as you would and record everything in an app so that you can get the calories and macros that you're eating if you track every day seven days in that week you divide the total number into seven and you have your average daily intake what we call your total daily energy expenditure tdee now of course you're going to eat slightly differently from week to week but measuring it yourself is probably the closest that you can get always keeping in mind that you may not be recording quite that accurately and you do need to weigh and measure and if you're eating out you need to get as precise as you possibly can there are a lot of issues with counting calories but that's not to say that that process isn't useful it certainly is but hold on someone's going to jump in and say but I have been following the calorie deficit and I was losing weight so why am I not losing weight anymore I'm eating exactly the same so here's what's happened if you started off at 200 pounds and now you weigh 170 pounds your body is burning off fewer calories larger bodies burn off more calories smaller bodies burn off fewer calories just to sustain themselves so what was a calorie deficit for you at 200 pounds is probably maintenance for you now that you're 170 pounds now in order to get into a deficit at 170 pounds you need to reduce your calories further so you always want to remember that as you're losing weight your body is burning fewer calories and if you've been going through a dieting process for a period of time say a few months there is a metabolic adaptation that happens something called adaptive thermogenesis so any form of calorie restriction whether you're doing it through calorie counting or keto or intermittent fasting will cause your total daily energy expenditure to fall this is your body's protective mechanism against starvation usually it's around a 10 or a 15 percent decrease so your body's actually slowing down the rate of calorie burn independent of what size you are so that's something that you need to overcome so let's say you've been dieting for three or four months and you've been getting that calorie deficit you've been losing fat and all of a sudden it stops our bodies have a tendency to move less as we become fatigued through that dieting process so it's been shown that neat your non-exercise activity thermogenesis is will go down in a period of dieting so without really noticing you're moving around less because you're consuming fewer calories you're not as energetic and all of a sudden you're burning off fewer calories you're not going to be in a calorie deficit so it may be worthwhile to count your steps maybe you've got a watch that does that or you can do it on your phone just to keep track of whether you're still moving as much as you were when you started the diet sometimes if you get really burnt out on dieting and you're mentally and physically exhausted it's a good idea to do a diet break which is a period of time where you increase your calories maybe you give yourself that psychological Freedom that I can have more of this I can have a bit more of that you can take maybe two or three weeks to do that without going like completely out of control with food you can reduce your training as well if you've been training really hard especially with weights or you're doing tons of cardio and you feel really burnt out on everything then it's a good idea to reduce that at as well and many times you'll get weight loss again once you get out of that period that feeling of being overworked or over trained is why I recommend that you do the minimum effective dose of exercise when you're going through a calorie deficit diet plan because you're already expending some effort in order to eat a certain way stay active of course do the activities you enjoy ideally you're doing a bit of weight training you always want to keep it at a level that allows you good recovery because if you're not recovering from your workouts you don't get the best out of your weight training you don't get the best out of your cardio you just feel more stressed more tired you're going to turn to your comfort foods and it can become very difficult to maintain that calorie deficit some stress is completely normal and actually helpful but when stress results in you getting frustrated with your diet and your workouts and you're sitting around watching Netflix for hours at a time then it's not benefiting you so I recommend that you add exercise slowly into your plan if you're starting out I usually start my clients with more walking because it tends not to fatigue you it won't interfere with your weight training but it will give you that calorie expenditure that you need to push past that Plateau a lot of people will find that if they switch from an active job to a sedentary job they're automatically burning off your calories so it's important to take a look at other things in your lifestyle as well that maybe are causing you to be less active overall because even though you've been eating the same amount of calories and you're still working out of the gym if your energy expenditure has decreased for some reason maybe you're more stressed you're not sleeping as well therefore you're just spending more time sitting than standing or moving around that all has an impact on calorie expenditure and it can get you stuck in a weight loss Plateau maybe adjust the macros because making sure that there's enough protein and fiber in your diet as well can have beneficial effects 0.7 grams of protein per pound of body weight per day at a minimum you'll also want to make sure you're getting the right amount of fiber because if you're eating more your calories out is a little bit more for men we say 38 grams of fiber per day and for women about 25 grams protein is more thermogenic than fat and carbs so it's burning off a little bit more calories and the same with fiber you're using up more calories in order to digest both protein and fiber you also might want to look at the possibility that you've done some body recomposition so you've built some muscle and you've lost some fat if you've been doing weight training and you are relatively new at the start or you had a long break then maybe you have built some muscle muscle has greater density so if you have more muscle you're going to weigh a little bit more but if you notice that you're leaner around the midsection then chances are you've lowered your body fat percentage even if there's no change in the scale that's the other thing I want you to be aware of just in case you are seeing progress in other areas but not necessarily in your scale weight because this scale doesn't tell the entire story which is usually why I recommend that you have other ways of measuring your progress including taking a waste and hip measurement that's also a good marker of Health you may have also gotten to the point where your calorie intake is pretty much as little as you really want to eat and your calorie expenditure in terms of exercise and moving around is as much as you can realistically do and that means that that would be the weight that you can comfortably sit at and to go beyond that is going to require a little bit of a further push so you're either going to decide that you're going to work a little harder cut back on the calories a little I know it's hard to figure out sometimes I specialize in helping my clients overcome these hurdles so that they're losing weight again find out how it works here

- How To Lose Weight If You Hit A Weight Loss Plateau | 2 Weight Loss Tips To Break It FAST: Kind: captions Language: en what's happening guys hope you're having a fantastic day today I am back with another quick tip video all about weight loss and more specifically about weight loss plateaus and a few of my best tips on how to break down and the reason why today's video is all about weight loss plateaus is because I thought it was a great stepping stone from the last quick tip video we did which was all about how to find your initial calorie goals to start your diet and if you happen to miss that video there's a link to check it out in the video description below and that video was great because it gave you an initial calorie goal to aim for to start losing weight but inevitably guys if you don't ever make any changes from that initial calorie total you will eventually hit a weight loss plateau I even allude to it a little bit in that last video I say you at 200 pounds isn't burning the same amount of calories as you at 180 pounds so you have to make changes otherwise you will hit these weight loss plateaus and I just want to expand on that idea a little bit because I know firsthand just how frustrating weight loss plateaus are and I have a few really good tips on how to avoid them or if you find yourself in one on how to break through one first and foremost I think it's super important that you're 100% sure you're actually experiencing a weight loss plateau what I mean by that is a couple of things number one you've been keeping track of your daily weights either on a calendar or in a spreadsheet and you're also keeping track of your average weekly weights and it's been at least two weeks maybe even three weeks that you haven't seen the scale move at all and your average weekly weight really hasn't moved in that time and the reason why I say at least two weeks guys is because even a weekly average weight can be deceiving maybe you're a girl and it's that time of the month and you're holding on to a little bit of water because it's that time of the month or maybe you've had salt a lot of salt a couple of the days in the week and that led to some have your weigh-ins because you were holding on to some water or maybe you ate late at night and you woke up heavier a few of the days and that threw off your weekly average weight so there could be a lot of factors that in just one week's time maybe we're a bit deceiving but over two three weeks you kind of get a better idea of wow my weight hasn't changed the past two or three weeks I probably am experiencing a weight loss plateau at this point also I think it's worth mentioning that another reason why you may mistakenly think you're experiencing a weight loss plateau is maybe you haven't been tracking or weighing your food as accurately as you could be this is where you have to be a little bit honest with yourself guys have you really been weighing all of your food or have you been going out to eat and guesstimating a lot on what you've actually been eating or have you been forgetting to track some of your food because you input all of your food into MyFitnessPal late at night and then you can't remember what you ate during the day like I do from time to time so just be conscious of that guys because those untracked calories of those guesstimated calories can really add up and take you from a calorie deficit to more of a maintenance level or even a little above and be the reason why you're not losing any weight it's actually not because you're in a weight loss plateau you've just been eating more food than you think you have however if those scenarios don't apply to you and you actually are experiencing a weight loss plateau here are a couple of tips to get you through that plateau so my first tip for breaking through your weight loss plateau is to just make a moderate decrease to your total daily calorie consumption and the key word in that lessons is moderate guys don't do anything drastic there's no reason to make a drastic change to anything but just a small change can make a big difference in terms of your weight loss so for the ladies out there a decrease of about 75 to 150 calories a day from what you're currently eating can really get your weight loss ball rolling again and for the guys out there a decrease of about a hundred to 200 calories a day from whatever your current daily intake has been should help get your weight loss moving again so that being said there's no way around it guys as you're dieting you will have to decrease your food intake to continue to maintain your Klerk deficit and to keep losing weight but that shouldn't be your only tool to maintain that caloric deficit you want to have a one-two punch approach to dieting the reason why you want to use a combination of these two things is because if you make adjustments just from your calories alone there's only so many calorie decreases you're going to be able to make throughout your diet to lose weight and you're only going to be able to lose so much weight by doing that it's really not sustainable it's a great way to feel like poop and it's a great way to slow down your metabolism I think a great way to approach dieting is trying to keep your calories as high as possible while losing as much weight as possible and there's one caveat to that but I'll explain that we get to tip number two which we're gonna do right now tip number two is just start being more active so if you don't go for morning walks maybe try to incorporate a few morning walks during the week into your routine and as the week's progress gofer for walks then the next week go for five walks are two weeks from then go for six walks you know just build more and more activity into your day that way you're expending more calories and you burning more calories just throughout the day just by being more active will also aid in creating that caloric deficit so you just need to find ways throughout your day to burn more calories if that means doing more cardio after your workouts or maybe that means instead of working out three times a week you work out four times a week or by the end of it maybe instead of working out three times a week you ended up working out five times a week by the end of your diet but the point is as you're dieting you want to try and increase your activity slowly to keep that caloric deficit rolling as well and now that I explain tip number two a little bit I think it's a good time to go back Tarantino this a little bit and further explain on what I said before which was I think you should try and keep your calories as high as possible and what I want to say to that is you also don't want to just kill yourself with cardio it's not just add a ton of activity into your routine to lose weight and keeping those those calories higher because that's not healthy either there's only gonna be so much activity you're gonna be able to do during a week that's why you want to have that one-two punch so you can do this gradually so that way they can work together and you can sustain your weight loss and keep your weight loss rolling week in and week out because you know one week you might make that macro change but the next week you might add your fourth walk to the week or maybe you use a combination of both so I'm gonna decrease my calories a little bit but I'm also going to increase by activity at the same time I won't decrease my calories as much because I'm gonna also increase my activity as well so it's just important to keep in mind that you have two really great tools to lose weight and you should be using them in a one-two combination it's like a Mike Tyson punch-out and you don't want to just be using one just one no there's no power there but one two he's knocking people out and that's why if you use this combination you can really have a lot of weight loss success and you can sustain your weight loss success weekend and week out so that's how I go about not just breaking a weight loss plateau guys but also just go about dieting in general making sure that I'm using that one-two combination that we just talked about that can be so powerful for actually losing weight week in and week out and just to wrap things up guys tracking your calories can be a great way to lose weight don't get me wrong but learning how to track your macros which are calories it's just a little bit more specific can be a much more powerful tool for fat loss not just weight loss so if you want to learn everything there is to know about tracking your macros from just a beginner standpoint you don't need to know anything about it I wrote an ebook macros made easy it's in the video description below basically it'll show you how to get your starting macros how to track your macros how to adjust your macros kind of like we were talking about in today's video the adjustments you need to make as you're dieting to keep losing weight goes over all that in the book also it talks about the activity adjustments you might want to make week in and week out so that you can keep losing weight it's an all-encompassing guide and that's available for purchase in the video description below but regardless guys I hope you enjoyed today's video I hope you got something from it if you did hit the like button hit the thumbs up button and I'll see you guys in the next video [Music]

- On Ozempic? Only Buy These 20 Groceries Every Week (Budget Friendly GLP-1 Diet Guide): Kind: captions Language: en Start saving money now. Oops. Believe it or not, this is a full week's worth of GLP-1 eating for under 80 bucks. Stick to these staples and your grocery bill will drop every single week. Save a few thousand per year and now you can justify investing into your health with these GLP1 medications and I'll be sure to show you how to do it the right way. I'm Dr. Jones DC and I coach thousands of patients on GLP-1 meds every single day. I lost 100 pounds myself and I struggled for years to figure out how to keep it off. And now I work with my medical practitioners helping people like you do the same. Look, these medications cost a fortune. But you know what drives me crazy? People spending another fortune on the wrong groceries. They over complicated. After surveying over 500 of our most successful patients who were also on a budget, what we found was they had a systematic approach towards grocery shopping. It was structured. They had a plan. And it included a lot of the staples that I'm about to show you here today. They had more energy, zero cravings, and their grocery bills cut in half. Oh, and I'm going to show you my secret sardine recipe. Yep, you heard that right. That makes it actually taste good. Quick note, you'll notice that these 20 foods are specifically low carb. Not ultra, not keto, just on the lower side. Why? Your first 3 to 6 months on your GLPY medications were focusing on healing your insulin resistance. Once we can fix that, you can add back the carbohydrates. But trying to lose weight while eating lots of carbohydrates, even if you're in a calorie deficit, for the majority of you, that's making things way more challenging than it needs to be. Listen to your body. Fix your insulin resistance by lowering your insulin levels. And the easiest way to do that is eat less carbohydrates. But trying to lose weight while you're eating bread and other carbohydrates when your insulin is broken, that's like driving with the parking brake on. It just doesn't make sense. Plus, at the end of this 3 to 6 month reset, I'll show you exactly what carbohydrates you can add back into the program once your system has healed. So, let's dive in. All right, let's talk protein, but not just any protein. The ones that keep you full so that you don't blow money on snacks and takeout. Because here's what nobody tells you. Every gram of protein that you eat is like a dollar that you don't end up having to spend on other junk and processed foods. Let's start with one of my favorite items, full fat Greek yogurt. Not the low-fat garbage that has 25 grams of sugar. Look, I don't eat this every single day, but when I want dessert, especially after a lot of fatty red meat that won't wreck my blood sugar, I throw in some Greek yogurt, some monk fruit, and some berries, whether fresh or frozen. Tastes like cheesecake for only two bucks. This is such a staple, and I highly recommend it. Our patients who are eating this for breakfast instead of grabbing Starbucks, they're saving like $150 a month. Fun fact, Greek yogurt has double the protein of regular yogurt because they actually strain out the whey. That's about $449 for a week's worth. Number two, eggs, eggs, eggs, eggs, eggs. These are the gold standard. You know what's crazy? Scientists literally measure all other proteins against eggs. They are 100% bioavailable. That means your body uses every last bit of protein. Lisa, one of my patients, was in a complete zombie mode, eating 800 calories a day. We got her eating eggs and Greek yogurt every morning. Two weeks later, energy back, scale moving again. She stopped buying $6 breakfast sandwiches and she started saving $150 a month and actually had her energy back. A dozen of these bad boys cost only $3.99. That's less than one fancy coffee. Okay, number three, canned sardines. Before you get a little poo poo on me here, hear me out. When I'm rushing between patients on a busy day and I haven't eaten, sardines are my go-to. 20 g of protein loaded with omega-3s. And get this, sardines actually have more calcium than milk because you literally eat the bones and you don't even notice it. I'm about to share my secret sardine recipe that I've never told anybody. Apple cider vinegar, sea salt, and hot sauce. Mix it all together. I know it sounds a little weird. My fiance thinks I'm insane, but it's so good. Try it once and you'll be hooked. $2.99 for a meal that takes 30 seconds. You can't beat that. Quick question. What's your biggest challenge with protein on GLP ones? Drop it in the comments. I read every single one and honestly you guys give me the best video ideas. Number four, rotisserie chicken. This is controversial, but I need you to hear me out. One bird, five meals, zero prep time. Fun fact, grocery stores actually lose money on every single rotisserie chicken that they put out. They price them so low to literally get you in the door. Now, look, I know influencers are going to tell you that these are terrible because they sit in plastic all day. But hey, while they might have a point, I'm not saying they're 100% perfect. That's not what I'm trying to do. But what I am going to do is not fear-monger you out of an affordable protein option that will help you lose weight and save money. You can only fight so many battles at once. And currently, if you're overweight, if you're on a path towards diabetes, changing your diet and doing it within a budget that you can actually afford is more important than anything else. Perfect is the enemy of good. Our patient Mike, he was all about zero cooking skills and he saved $900 a month eating this right here instead of freaking Door Dash. Is it organic? Is it free range? Yes, maybe not. But rotisserie chicken better than fast food, absolutely work within your budget, not against it. Number five, full fat cottage cheese. 24 g of protein per cup. That's wild. It's 80% casein protein, which by the way, casein protein takes about 7 hours to digest. Bodybuilders literally eat this before they go to bed because it feeds their muscles while they sleep. Sarah was a night shift nurse and she swears by this. She says it keeps her full throughout her entire shift. No more vending machine runs at three in the morning. The full fat version way more satisfying than lowfat. 3.49 saves her from $20 in late night snacks alone. One of my favorites and such a staple around the house. Ground beef. I don't care whether it's organic or not. And please stop buying the 9010 thinking that lean is better. You want to go for 8020. You need the fat. Fat doesn't make you fat. Insulin when combined with a caloric surplus is really what's going to make you fat. The 80/20 tastes better, costs less, and keeps you satisfied so that you eat less. Look, I get it. We've been told fat is bad for over 40 years. But my patients who are eating lots of fat, especially in the early stages of their program, they're the ones with energy, less cravings, and grocery bills. That actually makes sense. 2 lb for under 10 bucks feeds a family of four. That's 250 per person for dinner. You're not going to beat that for the base protein in your dinners. Now that we've loaded up on protein, that's half the battle. But here's what'll shock you. Even with perfect protein, some of our patients are still failing. Turns out their gut was sabotaging everything. These next three items, turns out one of them is sitting in the wrong aisle at the store. My favorite sweetener of all, monk fruit and or alulose. Two different components, but you can find them. And this is a very, very affordable option combined. Now, this may seem weird in the gut health section, but stay with me. Those pink and yellow packets that you see all the time all over any fast food restaurants, they're destroying your gut bacteria. Artificial sweeteners can reduce good gut microbiome by up to 50% some studies show. But monk fruit and alulose, they actually feed beneficial bacteria in the gut. Plus, and this blew my mind, alulose has been shown to lower blood sugar. So, it's one thing to say stevia and monk fruit are great because they don't raise blood sugar, but alulose literally lowers. It's the only sweetener that actually can in combination with a healthy lifestyle contribute to improving insulin resistance. And that's wild. This one swap saves my patients $30 a month on specialty diet foods because sometimes we want to add a little sweetness and this is the best way to do it in your cooking or for me in my coffee every morning. Number eight, bone broth. So bone broth is normally in a carton, but I wanted to show you guys a quicker, more convenient way that you can get these at Costco. When nothing sounds good, but you're nauseous and solid foods just not happening, this will come in and save the day. But here's the kicker. Bone broth actually has higher levels of glycine, which helps your body produce its own GLP1s naturally. Yeah, you heard me right. Naturally. Now, this is not going to place replace your GLP-1s. That's not what I'm saying. But we're trying to optimize our lifestyle and work towards lower dosing when possible. And so, we can boost GLP1 production from many different angles with a proper diet. Instead of just managing side effects with expensive anti-nausea meds, we're actually supporting your body's natural systems. Number nine, chia seeds. This cool looking cup here is loaded with chia seeds that I've actually been soaking for a couple hours. My fiance likes to make one of my favorite dishes, a chia seed pudding with chocolate flavoring, but the magic is how much they expand. They can expand 10 times their own weight. The Aztecs call them the running food for a reason. Loaded with fiber and loaded with healthy fats. Real talk here. Keep these things moving, if you know what I mean. one tablespoon in your water or in your yogurt, whatever. No more spending $40 on fiber supplements or stool softeners because this thing will keep the gates open. But they also keep you full for hours. Now, those gut fixes are healing you from the inside. What if I told you there's a way to eat massive, satisfying meals for literally zero calories. Buddhist monks figured this out over 1500 years ago, and item number 11 is going to change how you see pasta forever. Number 10, frozen mixed vegetables. So, we got two different kinds here. We got a bit of a melody here and we got one of my favorites, cauliflower rice. I know it's not sexy, but here what's crazy. Frozen veggies are often more nutritious than fresh. They're frozen at peak ripess. And when fresh broccoli has been traveling for 2 weeks, you lose some of that potency. Jennifer, one of our busy patients, she's a mom of three. She lives on these things. Doesn't waste time. It's always ready. $1.99 a bag. She used to throw out $20 of wilted produce every week. But now, zero waste. And that's $80 a month back in her pocket just from buying frozen. Plus, she's down 60 lbs because vegetables are actually convenient for her. Now, you can soak these up with butter and cook them up with various seasonings, especially with the ground beef we talked about earlier. Convenient, quick, and very nutritious. Number 11, Shirataki noodles. These are really, really cool, and you probably haven't heard of them. This is going to sound insane. Shiritakei noodles. Zero carbs, zero calories. Buddhist monks have been eating these for over 1500 years. Made from a Japanese root that's 97% water. Look at these massive bowls of pasta. This is the same amount of calories, but this is traditional pasta and this is sherataki noodles. Think about how much more food and volume you're going to be able to put down for that ratio of calories. You can't beat that. No way you're going to be able to eat a bowl like this and tell me that you're satisfied when you're looking for a hungry dinner. But this, you're not going to be able to finish this. And if you do, let me know in the comments cuz that'd be pretty impressive. Let me show you what I mean here. In this graph, you can see that your blood sugar on regular pasta, but this is your blood sugar on shiataki. You see that spike? That's what sends you to the pantry at 9:00 p.m. looking for cookies. When your blood sugar stays stable, you stop buying impulsive snacks. That's where the real savings can start to compound. This is why I recommend going low carb for the first 3 to 6 months on your GLP-1 journey. Not forever, because that's just not sustainable. We all got to have some fun in our life, right? But long enough for you to fix your insulin resistance. Look at that graph again. Once your body can actually handle carbohydrates without spiking, you can bring them back into your life. But if you try to eat pasta and bread while your insulin is still broken, you're fighting your medication instead of working with it. That's expensive and frustrating. And by the way, I'll have some bonus items at the end of this video where I get into some of my favorite carbohydrates that we help patients slowly incorporate back into their diet without regaining weight. One of my favorite vegetables, cauliflower. Cauliflower and broccoli. But cauliflower, truthfully, just for me, a little bit better than broccoli, but both of them are great. $3 replaces $15 of carbohydrates. Cauliflower can become rice. It could become mash, even pizza crust. Fun fact that a lot of people don't know is it's the only white vegetable that has significant amount of vitamin C, 70% of your daily needs in just a couple servings. Now, broccoli, 3 g of protein per cup, highest of any vegetable. David, one of our patients, a business owner, replaced his daily $8 rice bowls with cauliflower rice. Saved him $40 a week. He lost 30 lbs. Fresh or frozen, it doesn't matter. $2.99 gets you through the week. By the way, if this is clicking for you, if you're seeing how to eat better for less, hit that subscribe button because I'll be dropping money-saving JLP1 strategies every single week that your regular clinic probably won't tell you about. Number 13, frozen berries. This one makes people mad, but frozen berries are actually more nutritious than when fresh. Same thing with vegetables most of the times. They're frozen at peak ripeness and while fresh were picked green and shipped for weeks. Plus, they're half the price. those $6 tiny containers of fresh blueberries that go bad in three or four days versus $2.99 for a bag that lasts months. I use these in my Greek yogurt as desserts, in my protein shakes for post-workouts, or just eat them frozen. Natural candy that won't spike your blood sugar. One of our patients, Amanda, was spending $30 a week on fresh berries. She switched to frozen, saves $80 a month. That's almost $1,000 in a year on berries alone. Now that you're eating bigger portions without the carbohydrates, that's powerful. But if you're still hitting that drive-thru at 8:00 p.m., you're missing the most understood nutrient. What I'm about to show you goes against 40 years of bad advice. And Amanda says it saved her $200 a month. Highfat intake. We're going to start with number 14, olive oil. Olive oil is not just for cooking. This is medicine. Extra virgin has compounds that trigger the same satisfaction receptors as ibuprofen. Anti-inflammatory, but zero impact on your insulin. And if you're too low on calories, which happens all the time with patients on GLP1 meds, literally just add this to any food that you possibly can. A tablespoon goes a long way. One bottle will last a month or two. Two bucks a week compared to those $8 healthy salad dressings that are full of sugar. Whip this up with some apple cider vinegar or any one of your favorite vinegars and throw in a bunch of seasonings and just soak up your vegetables with all that healthy, delicious fat. Fat will keep you satisfied and you got to replace those carbohydrate calories with some fat. You can't do it with only protein. Number 15, avocados. Avocados have more potassium than bananas. They're crucial because GLP1 ones deplete your electrolytes, and potassium is one of the main players there. Yeah, they're more pricey than they used to be, but watch this math. Three avocados for 2.97. Each one replaces mayo, butter, cream cheese, those $4 guac cups. You'll be saving money in no time. One of our patients, Robert, 55, business owner, he thought fats would make him fatter, but he started eating more avocados and olive oil on the daily. His afternoon cravings gone. stopped hitting the vending machine. Stopped ordering 3 p.m. coffee and muffins. Saves about $15 a day. That's $450 a month just from adding healthy fats. Okay, mixed nuts. Buy these in bulk. You'll save a ton of money. A little quarter cup goes a long way. And it's so easy because you can store this anywhere. Save 50% versus buying smaller package. Fun fact, walnuts are the only nut that have significant amount of omega-3s in them. They're literally brain shaped for a reason. Coincidence? Maybe, maybe not, but I'm not taking any risk there. No, you don't need those $12 individual packs of portion control nuts. Buy bulk, but keep a baggie in your car. A/4 cup is really all you'll need for a good, high calorie, nutritious meal that's going to hit the satiety very quickly. When you're tempted by gas station junk, a handful of these bad boys goes a long way. Bulk bins mean that you're spending $6 instead of 20. Plus, these fats stabilize your hormones so that you stop craving junk food in the first place. What overpriced health foods are you ditching first? Let me know in the comments. I love seeing people save money on this journey. Now that you've got all these amazing ingredients, but here's where most people fail. They can't turn them into meals that their family will actually eat. These last four items cost less than $15 total, but they're the difference between success and another failed diet. And item 18 comes with a warning for some of you. Number 17, salsa. Salsa of any kind, mild, medium, hot, whatever it is. This will actually replace, in many cases, dressings, marinades, cooking sauces for 10 calories. No, you don't need that fancy $8 organic salsa or the $6 special hot salsas. This $2.99 jar transforms everything. Eggs immediately become Mexican breakfast. Chicken becomes fajitas. Even cauliflower rice can now taste amazing. One jar does the job of five expensive condiments. That's $20 saved right there. 18 canned beans, black, pinto, whatever's on sale. 99 cents for protein and fiber. But let me share something interesting cuz you probably heard some mixed things about beans. Maria, one of our marketing execs, she had Hashimoto's, an autoimmune condition that actually affects the thyroid. So, she's very sensitive to some foods. Regular canned beans actually caused massive inflammation, which made her crave carbs like crazy. Turns out regular canning doesn't remove these compounds called lectins, but pressure cooking does. She started using her Instant Pot, dried beans, water, 30 minutes, inflammation gone, cravings stopped, and she saved $300 a month from impulse shopping on various other fast foods. If beans make you bloated and you feel like you actually react to them, which is not that often, but some people it does, try pressure cooking them yourself. For most people, regular canned beans are completely fine. Number 19, Rouse pasta sauce. Rouse sauce, yes, is more than ragu. But look, four grams of carb versus 12 and no corn syrup. Here's the real math. Those blood sugar spikes from cheap tomato sauce or spaghetti sauce, they send you hunting for snacks all night. This jar keeps you stable. Plus, it makes those shiritaki noodles actually taste like real pasta. Sometimes spending a couple more bucks can actually save you from a $40 Door Dash order at 9:00 p.m. Ask me how I know. The last item, something that allows you to get meals prepared in a pinch. One of my favorites, taco seasonings. Taco seasoning, the meal saver. Works on everything. Ground beef, regular beef, chicken, eggs, vegetables. One packet can turn a boring dinner night into a Taco Bell night where you feel like you're eating that unhealthy Mexican food, but it's actually healthy. Now, I'm not advocating for a certain brand cuz there's so many. Just look at the ingredients and make sure you get one without malttodextr. Or even better, make your own. Cuz really, all it takes is chili powder, some cumin, some paprika, and bam, you're done. $2 saves you from another night of takeout. That's $30 saved every time you cook instead of ordering in. Now, you've seen all 20 items individually, but the real magic happens when you see them as a complete system. The math that I'm about to show you made my patient Lisa literally text me at midnight because she couldn't believe her bank balance. Look at this spread here. 20 items, $79.92 a week. That's $320 monthly for all your food. The average American spends $600 on groceries and another $300 on takeout. You're cutting that by half or even more. And here's the kicker. You're eating better, too. The math is insane. Check it out. Breakfast, two eggs cooked in olive oil, half of avocado. Buck 50 keeps you full at lunch. No $5 muffins at 10 a.m. Lunch leftover meat. Grab that rotisserie chicken over cauliflower, rice, and salsa. $2.50. Beats that $15 salad from that healthy place that you like to feel good about eating. Dinner, Taco Bell, seasoned beef, beans, and all the fixings. $3.50 feeds the whole family, not $40 on a quick pizza. Daily total $7.50 versus $30, which most people will spend at any old place that they find. That's over $600 savings every single month. Here's what happens when you stick to this. Week number one, you stop buying random snacks. You save $50 every couple weeks. Energy returns. Coffee runs stop. There's another $100 savings. Month number two, no more panic takeout. You save $200 a month right there alone. Month number three, this becomes automatic. Your savings $300 plus every single month without even thinking about it. Our patients who follow a structured plan like this are completely shocked. It doesn't have to be exactly like this. But the key is structure. Lisa texts us the other week, I have an extra $400 in my account. Is that normal? Like, yes. That's what happens when you actually shop with intention and you have some sort of system. Let's do the full math here. Groceries save. You'll save about $2,400 a year. No more impulsive buys. That's $1,200. Reduce takeout, $3,600. That's a total of $7,200 per year back in your pocket. That's a vacation. That's debt gone. That's actually being able to afford your freaking overpriced GLP-1 meds without stressing. That isn't a diet, though. That's financial transformation that happens to also make you healthier as well. Okay, I wanted to talk about something that gets you a little bit excited in the future. You might be wondering, where's the bread? Where's the rice? Where's the pasta? Here's the deal. Again, for your first 3 to 6 months, we're going to go low carb. This is going to help you heal your insulin resistance faster, a lot faster. Think of it like rehab, but for your metabolism. But here's what separates us from every other clinic. We don't leave you there forever. Once you graduate from that metabolic rehab, once your insulin resistance is improved, here's what you can add back. After 8 to 12 weeks of eating these types of foods, your system will heal. Your blood sugar is going to stabilize, and your cravings will decrease. You'll earn something back. And this isn't cheating. This is progress. Bonus number one, white rice. The safest starch to bring back. It's hypoallergenic, and that's why babies can eat it first. A bag will cost you $3 and it'll last you months. My other favorite carbohydrate is sweet potatoes. 400% of your vitamin A needs. Keeps your skin healthy and during weight loss, four bucks can go almost a week's worth. And then finally, oldfashioned oats. Welcome back to normal breakfast. Not that instant packets full of sugar, but real oats, steel cut, not the quick cut, but you want the one that actually takes about 5 minutes on the stove because that one won't spike your blood sugar as much. $3 for two weeks worth of breakfast. But here's the thing, you won't even want to go crazy with these because our patients were shocked on how they felt after 12 weeks on this system. They've had rice once a week. They feel satisfied. That's metabolic healing. You're not restricting forever. You're just learning what your body actually needs. And spoiler alert, it's way less than you think. 20 items, $79. Everything you need to succeed on your GLP medications without breaking the bank. Think about this. You're saving $600 a month on groceries and takeout. That's $7,200 a year. Suddenly those medications, they don't seem so expensive when you're not bleeding money at the groceries anymore. Which of these surprised you the most? The sardine recipe, the sherataki noodles? Drop in the comments. I read every single one. And tell me, what's the most expensive health food that you're going to be ditching after watching this? I'm genuinely curious about what overpriced stuff that you've been buying and then you finally realize, I don't need that anymore. Look, if you've made it this far, we're basically grocery buddies now. And if you're that kind of person who's been struggling to make GLP1 ones work on a budget, then we need to talk. My team does these free strategy calls. We're going to look at your specific situation. We're going to find out what you're overspending and and create a plan for you that actually works with you and your life. No word sales pressure, just an opportunity to speak with my experts and figure out if there's anything that we can do to help you live a better and healthier life. I'll drop the link below to where you can book that discovery call now. But honestly, just start with these things here. Get the rotisserie chicken, try my sardine recipe, and buy some frozen fruit and vegetables. Your wallet will thank you. Last thing, remember, doing GLP ones right doesn't mean spending more. It means spending smart. If you guys enjoyed watching this video, check out this video right here where I get into the 10 categories of foods that could be ruining your GLP1 results. Check that video out right there.

- # 1 Mistake People Make on Ozempic & Mounjaro & How to Avoid It: Weight Loss Doctor Explains: Kind: captions Language: en Let's talk about the number one mistake I see&nbsp; people make while on GLP1 GIP medications like&nbsp;&nbsp; Ozempic, Mounjaro, Wegovy or Zepbound. It's&nbsp; not skipping workouts. It's not missing a&nbsp;&nbsp; dose. It's actually something far simpler and&nbsp; far more damaging, which is not eating enough&nbsp;&nbsp; protein. Good morning from Houston, Texas.&nbsp; Let me know where you are watching from.&nbsp;&nbsp; Let me share a comment on one of my videos where&nbsp; I share protein recommendations with you. First,&nbsp;&nbsp; I find the stupid 1 g per pound in weight is&nbsp; impossible for someone like myself who has lost&nbsp;&nbsp; 28 lbs now 190 lb. So, 1 g protein is dumb. Lost&nbsp; your credibility soon as you made this statement.&nbsp;&nbsp; Totally dumb and not possible. On fat jabs, you&nbsp; struggle to eat any quantity of food. Clearly, you&nbsp;&nbsp; have never been on Fat [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] personally. So, let&nbsp; me start with the credibility. If you're new here,&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm Dr. Bazgha Khalid and I am a board-certified&nbsp; internal medicine and obesity medicine specialist.&nbsp;&nbsp; I have been practicing primary care for 17 years&nbsp; with focus on weight management and I am one of&nbsp;&nbsp; the 9800 obesity medicine certified doctors in&nbsp; USA and Canada combined. So, let me put this in&nbsp;&nbsp; perspective. There are around 9,800 obesity&nbsp; medicine specialists in the USA and Canada&nbsp;&nbsp; combined. Let's assume most of these are American&nbsp; doctors. So, we only have 9,800 obesity medicine&nbsp;&nbsp; specialist for 347 million Americans, which means&nbsp; there is only one obesity medicine specialist per&nbsp;&nbsp; around 35,000 Americans. What this also means is&nbsp; that while more than 40% of Americans suffer from&nbsp;&nbsp; obesity, but more than 99% of doctors aren't&nbsp; actually trained in obesity care. So finding&nbsp;&nbsp; obesity care is rare. Comprehensive obesity&nbsp; care means treating obesity as a chronic medical&nbsp;&nbsp; condition, not just a matter of aesthetics or&nbsp; willpower. It combines comprehensive nutrition and&nbsp;&nbsp; physical activity education, behavior support and&nbsp; counseling, prescription medications with detailed&nbsp;&nbsp; explanation of risks, benefits, close monitoring,&nbsp; titration, follow-ups, all personalized to each&nbsp;&nbsp; patients biology and lifestyle. The goal isn't&nbsp; just weight loss, but better health, strength,&nbsp;&nbsp; and long-term sustainability. Unfortunately,&nbsp; since specialized obesity care is so hard to find,&nbsp;&nbsp; most people get their weight loss medication&nbsp; prescriptions from what are called wellness&nbsp;&nbsp; clinics and med spas by prescribers, majority of&nbsp; whom are mid-level providers and not doctors and&nbsp;&nbsp; who mostly have no training in GLP-1 medications.&nbsp; So, if you are under care of an obesity medicine&nbsp;&nbsp; trained doctor, you are in good hands. However, if&nbsp; you get a prescription for GLP-1 GIP medications&nbsp;&nbsp; without any counseling on nutrition, exercise,&nbsp; then this channel is for you. As I have seen&nbsp;&nbsp; so many patients suffer the consequences of&nbsp; inadequate treatment, lack of basic education&nbsp;&nbsp; and comprehensive care on GLP-1 medications. So,&nbsp; if you are on a GLP-1 medication, then let me know&nbsp;&nbsp; in the comments if you got nutrition education and&nbsp; counseling through your prescriber clinic. And if&nbsp;&nbsp; you did not, then it's time to hit that subscribe&nbsp; button. So, let's get back to the number one&nbsp;&nbsp; mistake most people make on GLP1 GIP medications.&nbsp; It is to not get enough protein. And this is not&nbsp;&nbsp; your fault. You probably had no one explain&nbsp; this to you. However, it's time to understand&nbsp;&nbsp; and take control of your health. And yes, that&nbsp; one mistake of inadequate protein can mean the&nbsp;&nbsp; difference between a leaner, stronger you or&nbsp; losing precious muscle and feeling sluggish. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; if you're wondering what is protein and why it&nbsp; matters. So, first, what is protein and why does&nbsp;&nbsp; everyone especially people on GLP1 medications&nbsp; keep hearing about it? Protein is one of the three&nbsp;&nbsp; major macronutrients along with carbohydrates and&nbsp; fats. Think of protein as your body's construction&nbsp;&nbsp; crew. Protein builds and repairs muscle,&nbsp; hair, skin, hormones, and enzymes. Basically,&nbsp;&nbsp; everything that makes you, you. When you're losing&nbsp; weight, especially quickly on GLP-1 medications,&nbsp;&nbsp; your body doesn't just lose fat. It loses muscle,&nbsp; too. And protein is your main defense against&nbsp;&nbsp; muscle loss. So, skipping protein is like firing&nbsp; your body's repair team halfway through a major&nbsp;&nbsp; renovation and then wondering why the building is&nbsp; falling apart. Why GLP1 medications make protein&nbsp;&nbsp; more important? GLP-1/GIP medications like ozempic&nbsp; and mounjaro mimic natural hormone that slows your&nbsp;&nbsp; digestion and reduces appetite. That's great for&nbsp; weight loss, but here's the catch. People often&nbsp;&nbsp; eat way less than before because these medications&nbsp; are so effective at suppressing appetite. And this&nbsp;&nbsp; means you likely will end up consuming way less&nbsp; protein than what your body needs. A 2021 New&nbsp;&nbsp; England Journal of Medicine study showed that&nbsp; participants on semaglutide lost up to 40% of&nbsp;&nbsp; their total weight from lean mass, meaning muscle,&nbsp; not just fat. That's not because the medication is&nbsp;&nbsp; bad. It's because the body wasn't getting enough&nbsp; building material to protect muscle. And less&nbsp;&nbsp; muscle means slower metabolism, lower strength,&nbsp; fatigue, and more weight regained later. It's the&nbsp;&nbsp; opposite of what we want. Let's understand goal&nbsp; weight versus ideal weight as this is something&nbsp;&nbsp; we use for daily protein recommendations. Now,&nbsp; people often ask, should I calculate protein based&nbsp;&nbsp; on my current weight, my goal weight, or my ideal&nbsp; weight? Good question. Here's how I explain it to&nbsp;&nbsp; my patients. Your current weight is your starting&nbsp; point. Your goal weight is what you're working&nbsp;&nbsp; towards, but your ideal weight is what your body&nbsp; would weigh if you were at a healthy composition,&nbsp;&nbsp; not underweight, not overweight. For example,&nbsp; let's say if someone has current weight of 200 lb,&nbsp;&nbsp; height is 5'6 in sex, let's assume female. So&nbsp; to calculate ideal body weight common medical&nbsp;&nbsp; formula used to calculate ideal body weight&nbsp; is divine formula. Women 100 lb plus 5 lb for&nbsp;&nbsp; every inch over 5 ft. For men 106 lb plus 6 lb for&nbsp; every inch over 5t. So for a woman who is 5' 6 in&nbsp;&nbsp; tall 100 + 6 into 530 lb. For 5'6 tall man 106&nbsp; + 6 into 6 142 lbs. So ideal body weight for a&nbsp;&nbsp; woman who is 5'6 in tall would be 130 lb while for&nbsp; a man it would be 142 lb. There are other formulas&nbsp;&nbsp; to calculate ideal body weight like Robinson&nbsp; and Miller formula. You can pause and look at&nbsp;&nbsp; this slide if you interested. Are you ready for&nbsp; more numbers? Let's take a look at protein intake&nbsp;&nbsp; goals based on clinical evidence for 130 lbs.&nbsp; Ideal body weight. Remember, we use ideal body&nbsp;&nbsp; weight. Let's say ideal body weight of 130 lbs in&nbsp; a female. To prevent protein deficiency, you need&nbsp;&nbsp; 36 grams of protein per ideal body weight. Around&nbsp; 45 to 50 grams of protein per day. Remember,&nbsp;&nbsp; this is the number to prevent deficiency, not&nbsp; for optimal health. For sedentary lifestyle&nbsp;&nbsp; like minimal activity 045 to 0.55 grams per pound&nbsp; of ideal body weight. So around 60 to 70 grams of&nbsp;&nbsp; protein per day. For general exercise or light&nbsp; activity 0.55 to 73 grams per pound of ideal&nbsp;&nbsp; body weight. So 70 to 95 grams of protein per day.&nbsp; For weight loss or calorie deficit 73 to 1 g per&nbsp;&nbsp; pound of ideal body weight. So around 95 to 130&nbsp; grams of protein per day. for GLP1 medication use&nbsp;&nbsp; with resistance training. Now, this is the one you&nbsp; should be interested in the most would be 0.8 to&nbsp;&nbsp; 1.1 g per pound of ideal body weight. So, 105 to&nbsp; 145 g of protein per day. Remember, these are all&nbsp;&nbsp; recommendations for 130 lbs ideal body weight in&nbsp; a female. Your current body weight may be 150 or&nbsp;&nbsp; 170 or 200 lb. However, you need to start by&nbsp; calculating your ideal body weight. For men,&nbsp;&nbsp; protein intake recommendations will be slightly&nbsp; higher as their ideal body weight happens to be&nbsp;&nbsp; slightly higher than women. As you see above, 142&nbsp; lbs in men versus 130 lbs in women is ideal body&nbsp;&nbsp; weight based on the calculator used above. So&nbsp; key takeaways for a 5' 6 in tall 200lb female&nbsp;&nbsp; on GLP-1 medication. Use ideal body weight 130 lbs&nbsp; to estimate your protein needs not current weight.&nbsp;&nbsp; Therefore your target protein intake should be&nbsp; around 105 to 145 gram of protein if aiming to&nbsp;&nbsp; preserve lean mass and strength while losing&nbsp; weight on GLP-1 medications. My recommendation&nbsp;&nbsp; is to aim for a higher number on this target.&nbsp; So around 130 to 140 grams protein per day.&nbsp;&nbsp; This recommendation aligns with clinical guidance&nbsp; from the international journal of obesity protes nutrition guidelines in 2020 for optimizing muscle&nbsp; retention during weight loss. So this was a lot of&nbsp;&nbsp; numbers and calculations. Let's simplify it as&nbsp; I like keeping things simple and easy to follow.&nbsp;&nbsp; Let's say if you weigh 200 lb currently, but your&nbsp; ideal body weight is 130 lbs. Aim for about your&nbsp;&nbsp; ideal body weight in grams of protein per day.&nbsp; That's 130 gram of protein per day, give or take,&nbsp;&nbsp; based on your activity. This number keeps you&nbsp; in the sweet spot. enough to protect muscle&nbsp;&nbsp; but not overloading your digestion. And if you are&nbsp; looking for even a more straightforward and simple&nbsp;&nbsp; recommendation, think of 100 grams of protein&nbsp; per day as your minimum daily protein goal and&nbsp;&nbsp; work your way up to 120 to 140 grams of protein&nbsp; per day if possible for optimal results. Again,&nbsp;&nbsp; the goal is not to prevent protein deficiency,&nbsp; but to optimize your muscle and metabolic health.&nbsp;&nbsp; Protein myths and facts. Myth number one,&nbsp; you don't need protein if you're not lifting&nbsp;&nbsp; weights. The fact is, you need more protein on&nbsp; GLP-1 medications because your muscle is at risk&nbsp;&nbsp; even if you are not exercising. Myth number two,&nbsp; too much protein damages the kidneys. Fact is in&nbsp;&nbsp; healthy people this has been debunked by multiple&nbsp; studies including nutrition and metabolism in 2016&nbsp;&nbsp; the concern applies only if you have pre-existing&nbsp; kidney disease and in that case your kidney&nbsp;&nbsp; doctor can advise safe protein goals for your&nbsp; needs. Myth number three protein will bulk you&nbsp;&nbsp; up. Fact is I wish bulking up was that easy.&nbsp; Adequate protein will just keep you toned, firm&nbsp;&nbsp; and metabolically healthy. Let me say that that&nbsp; the protein recommendations are not my personal&nbsp;&nbsp; opinion. These are actually backed by research.&nbsp; Studies like New England Journal of Medicine,&nbsp;&nbsp; Lancet researchers found that people using GLP-1&nbsp; medications who combined higher protein intake&nbsp;&nbsp; and resistance training lost more fat and less&nbsp; muscle. Let's now talk about your GLP-1 action&nbsp;&nbsp; plan. Number one, eat protein first at every&nbsp; meal. Number two, distribute protein evenly,&nbsp;&nbsp; 30 to 35 grams per meal. Number three, use&nbsp; supplements wisely. Protein shakes or bars&nbsp;&nbsp; for convenience. Watch for sugar or carbohydrates,&nbsp; though. Number four, pair protein with strength&nbsp;&nbsp; training twice a week. Number five, track your&nbsp; progress. Look beyond the scale energy strength&nbsp;&nbsp; and most importantly your body composition. I&nbsp; recommending getting DEXA scan or another body&nbsp;&nbsp; composition assessment periodically to know&nbsp; in-depth body composition like percentage fat&nbsp;&nbsp; and percentage lean muscle. Let's get back to the&nbsp; comment that I showed you earlier and let's talk&nbsp;&nbsp; about what is actually stupid and dumb. Current&nbsp; weight and ideal body weight are not the same.&nbsp;&nbsp; Losing 28 pounds without adequate protein means&nbsp; around 12 pounds of muscle loss based on the&nbsp;&nbsp; study quoted earlier. Any target being hard to&nbsp; attain doesn't make it stupid or dumb. It just&nbsp;&nbsp; means to be more mindful and do the best you&nbsp; can. Doctors learn about and prescribe hundreds&nbsp;&nbsp; of medications. They don't have to personally&nbsp; use these medications to know how these work.&nbsp;&nbsp; clinical trials and clinical experience is gold.&nbsp; I have been prescribing GLP-1 GIP medications for&nbsp;&nbsp; years and I know and see how these work wonders&nbsp; every single day. However, if you are on a GLP1&nbsp;&nbsp; medication, you have to do your part. Let me say&nbsp; it again. The optimal protein recommendations for&nbsp;&nbsp; GLP-1 user is one gram of protein per pound of&nbsp; ideal body weight, not your current body weight.&nbsp;&nbsp; And if you think this is too hard, then do what&nbsp; you can and continue to work towards your goal.&nbsp;&nbsp; You got this. Appetite suppression on GLP-1&nbsp; medications is a known fact and therefore the&nbsp;&nbsp; emphasis on protein optimization. So, if you&nbsp; find it hard to meet your daily protein goals,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's more for a reason to keep on trying and being&nbsp; mindful. So, here's your recap. GLP-1 medications&nbsp;&nbsp; help control hunger, but not nutrient intake.&nbsp; Without protein, you risk losing muscle, just&nbsp;&nbsp; not fat. The fix is to eat enough protein, spread&nbsp; it out, and stay consistent. GLP-1 medications are&nbsp;&nbsp; incredible tools, but they work best when you&nbsp; give your body what it needs. And protein is at&nbsp;&nbsp; the top of that list and is non-negotiable.&nbsp; If this video helped you understand protein&nbsp;&nbsp; goals on GLP-1 medications, hit that like button,&nbsp; subscribe, and share this with a friend who's on&nbsp;&nbsp; GLP-1 medications. Trust me, they'll thank&nbsp; you later. And let me know in comments one&nbsp;&nbsp; protein fact that you wish you knew sooner.&nbsp; Stay happy, healthy, and well. Bye for now.

- Ozempic & Mounjaro MISTAKES That slow Your Weight Loss | Diet Mistakes You Must Avoid: Kind: captions Language: en Hi everyone, I am Shamika Girkar, a clinical dietitian and today we are going to talk about GLP one medications like Ozepic, Munjaro, Vigo which people are using for weight loss. What are GLP One Medicines Actually? The work of Munjaro or Ozempic is to reduce appetite in one line and keep the stomach full for a longer time. This means automatically reduced portion sizes, less snacking, less late night cravings and all this is helpful for weight loss. But the problem arises when people think that less hunger is equal to less nutrition. Let's apply this. Skipping meals means dropping appetite, which is not equal to nutritional drop. Yes, appetite is halved but nutritional requirements remain the same. The body needs protein, iron, vitamin B12, calcium and fiber every day. Even if you eat less food, the body's nutritional needs never decrease. And [nasal sound] when you get nutritionally low, what's the first hit? There is lot of weakness, there is lot of hair fall which is seen, dizziness, muscle loss as well as lot of skin sagging is been seen in patients. The weight is going down but the body looks weak. It is because along with fat, muscle is also being lost. The biggest mistake here is skipping protein. GLP One Medicines keeps the stomach full for all the people who are taking it. Right? So along with that, refusing protein is equivalent to because we are feeling full. But with GLP One, low protein is equal to disaster. Patients eat only one meal a day. Survive on soups and biscuits. Skipping breakfast. It reduces fiber which increases your constipation problems. Water intake is greatly reduced. Skips multivitamins and just watches his weight. No strength. So what is the food? Simple Framework. If you are on GLP 1, then the plate may be small but it should be nutritionally full. Here you have to keep in mind that first you have to complete the fiber on the plate. Then protein and later on carbs. Here you can include eggs, paneer, moong dal, cumin, sprouts in breakfast. In lunch and dinner, you are going to finish the fiber first which is available in salad and vegetables. Then go to your protein which is your dal, chicken, paneer, eggs and your lastly cups which are your roti, rice, millets. The reality of a weight loss timeline is that you don't have to check your weight daily, nor is weight loss going to happen daily. In the first few days the body adjusts to the medicine. And as the dose increases, appetite suppression becomes stronger. But sustainable weight loss happens only when you follow all these things. It requires the right diet, right protein, water intake and activity consistency. If you are taking GLP One medicines or about to start and need help with your diet to avoid hair fall, weakness and nutritional drops, then DM me so I can send you a starter checklist. Thank you so much.

- You don't need Semaglutide to slim down | Ozempic | Zepbound | Tirzepatide: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hello guys and welcome to my channel my name is yes bers and on of this channel here we talking about skincare hair care and all those sort of things that are supposed to make you look good for a really long time but we also talking about something like health and therefore today we are going to talk a little bit about weight we are going to talk about how you can lose weight or how you can manage your weight because uh there is a very famous person at the moment and she is talking a lot about weight loss and apparently over the years America have had this sort of like national sport she says that was about her talking about her weight gains and weight loss and that sort of thing it is of course Oprah Winfrey so the latest thing is that Oprah Winfrey she says that she has been using a weight loss drug so we can just sort of like speculate what could it be but I I really think it must be simac typ because I guess that she has started this weight loss Journey some months ago and there wouldn't really have been anything else on the market but seaco tide now it is so that I was a little bit alarmed because when uh Oprah she uh said that she would start to use uh this drug uh to uh stop or avoid yo-yoing with her her weight so she told the magazine people that she would use the drug to uh stop yoyoing but now excuse me I'm just a little bit like if you're are going to use a drug in order to avoid yo-yoing well basically you are just yo-yoing in a different way because what it sounds to me is that you will be sort of like eating what you normally did and when that makes you a little bit larger than you would like to be then you would just use this drug and then uh it will be fine for a little while and then you go back to a Slimmer frame and then you can start over again until you become a little bit of a larger frame and then just go on uh this drug again and then uh sort of like the Vicious Cycle will basically just continue but what sort of diet should you actually have and what should it contain and should you take maybe some supplements in order to help you if you are a little bit older than just a teenager or some sort of a young person maybe you should and I will talk a little bit about that later but the thing is here that if Oprah she is having a diet where she will be piling on the pounds again and then need to go on smaco TI and then kind of like go over and over that sort of vicious circle all the time then she is basically eating incorrectly and I know it might be that you will be eating a lot of salad and all that sort of thing and there is just that little thing about eating a lot of salads it makes you constantly have cravings and that is because you are not eating something that is actually satisfying your body in the way it wants to be satisfied and I'm afraid that in order to satisfy your body the natural way the way we are evolved to and all that sort of thing you need to eat meat and you need to eat uh animal fat and that sort of a thing and know it is so that I have spoken before about what I eat and I try to avoid something like carbohydrates sugar and that sort of thing do I like bread yes I do like bread but I just know that I don't need to eat it all the time and the thing is also when I'm eating as I normally do and that means meat for breakfast and some sort of a animal produce for for lunch and uh some sort of animal produce uh for for dinner then I don't really need to eat a lot of carbohydrates I don't have a craving for bread or anything like that and therefore if you are eating the correct way you won't have these sort of Cravings all the time now the trick is if you eat as I do then you don't get those sort of dips at 4 or 5:00 or 3:00 or whenever it is because your body is simply just using your stored energy or what you have eaten for for breakfast in a slow fashion so you don't have this sort of like a hunger pants and all that sort of things and that tells you that you are sort of like a stimul a in your body with the right sort of thing but if you come back to the drug then I think the drug is the macro tide and that is basically something that is called glucon like peptide one and that is something in the body that is uh telling your body that you are full so you don't want to eat more so the thing with the magoti is that it can completely s like take away your enjoyment with food and that is obviously not healthy either on a mental level so therefore if you are for example trying to boost your own production of uh glutone like a peptide one then you can actually do that so what can you do in order to sort of like um stimulate your body to produce this uh glucagon like a peptide one well it is actually so that if you are taking something like an amino acid called glycin and I've spoken about glycin before then you are actually stimulating your body to produce its own glucon like peptide one and that is basically what you want but when you go off somac side if you haven't changed your diet you will just pile on the pounds again and that is basically what I'm a little bit afraid that um opra Winfrey she will do well basically what I'm afraid of is that she's telling the world that she will be using it to avoid the sort of yo-yo effect you would use the drug in that way and I think telling the world that so that people can just oh oah she is doing it I will be doing it well it must be okay I I don't think it's okay you should take the time when you are on smac tide if you are smac in order to change your diet so that when you are off smac tide then you have a control over your diet and how your body is working now if you think that it's a lot about eating nuts and vegetables salads and that sort of thing fruit juices and whatever when you are wrong because if you eat that sort of thing you will constantly have these sort of like cravings and then the afternoon like 4 or 5:00 you would sort of like have a slump and you just want some sort of quick energy and you might be eating some fruit in that sort of of thing and yes there might be some vitamins in the fruits and that sort of thing it might be really great but there are also actually vitamins in animal produce I mean it might be not okay to say it but for example the liver is actually full of various vitamins so it is actually the organ that is one of those organs that contains most nutrients most nutrients dense sort of meat you can actually eat now you cannot eat that a whole lot of it every day that is not what I'm saying but I think that is something that you need to have in your diet in order to have a good health now there is another thing you can do and that is um something called a papa and you might have heard about that before for as something like a supplement or people are talking about why they are taking that but here we actually talking about Papa in the way that that is again something you can produce yourself in the body and why do you want to produce that in your body well it is actually so that that is also something that will be stimulating your body into producing is a glucagon like peptide one so if you both have glycin and you have a powera in your body then you're actually stimulating your body to to work as it's supposed to in relation to when you are feeling hungry and when you're not feeling hungry and that sort of thing but how can you produce powera in your body yourself well there is actually another amino acid that is called glutamine and uh that is um it will be turned into glutamate in the body and vice versa but when it is a glutamate made in the body then together with a vitamin called vitamin B6 then it would actually uh form Papa in your body so that way by taking something like a glycin and glutamine and then uh vitamin B6 then you can actually stimulate your body quite well to uh produce this glucagon like peptide one but also it is so that if you are stide I would say maybe you shouldn't take glycin and that sort of thing together with it but it's something to have in mind that when you're are coming off as aaco tide then that is definitely something you could look into and start taking as a supplement and I would say that if you are sort of like a young person maybe it should be enough to sort of like start just um changing your diet but before you sort of like do that then it might be a little bit sort of like daunting in order to go from eating a lot of carbohydrates and then just starting to eat just a lot of meat so I would say that there it could be a good idea maybe to at least take some of the glycon because that will instantly help you to feel less hungry but if you are older so like me I am 48 now then I would say that something like a supplement that maybe is something that you should think about having in your daily um diet or something that you are are taking on a on a daily basis because when you are sort of like older than 30 years of age then there are things in the body that starts to not work that well anymore but but the thing is that if you are a younger person then maybe you shouldn't take that many sort of like a supplements I mean yes I can understand if you are very very large so that your doctor is saying that this is dangerous you need to do something straight away yes you can go on a seaco tide or something like that IL Lily they have their own product as well just come out with in I think was November last year and uh yes you can go on that but you need to think that this is not a long-term solution this is basic just so that you can have a break in order to find out how you should actually be eating so you can avoid getting larger when you are not on something like stite so it is so that if you're eating the way that I have spoken about today then I will say that you just sort of like get a sort of like a a natural uh feeling of not having this sort of a hunger thing so yes that was my little view on smaco tide or the drug as Oprah wi she is talking about that I think you should be a little bit careful with using the drug uh to avoid yo-yoing you need if you go on the drug to make sure that you're changing your diet into something that I'm talking about because in my opinion that is something that will make you full uh the whole day long and you won't have these sort of Cravings so um yes that was my little tip if you would like to um go on smacko Tite yes you can do that you just need to think about what are the consequences and what should do while you're on it in order to make sure that when you're off it you can can still uh carry on and not pile on the pounds again and I would say that something like glycin and glutamine and then uh vitamin B6 that is definitely something you should look into so that your body can produce this uh gluc like a peptide one on its own as it is designed to or evolved to as I like to say so yes if you like to see more of the sort of videos please subscribe hit the bell and do all those things do not notified when I upload more of the sort of videos thank you for watching see you bye

- Ozempic Diet Weight Loss Sam’s Club Haul (BUDGET FRIENDLY GLP1 Grocery Guide): Kind: captions Language: en Most people on Osmpic are taking double the dose than they actually need to dealing with nausea, exhaustion, hair falling out, and they're still plateauing. Why? Because nobody ever taught them how to properly eat. Today, I'm going to show you guys the budget friendly Sam's Club items that I actually recommend to our patients that help them stay on lower doses while still getting better results. If you're new to my channel, hi, I'm Dr. Jones DC and I coach thousands of patients on GLP-1 meds every single day. This passion of mine is deeply rooted because I lost over 100 pounds myself, struggled for dang near a decade to figure out how to maintain that weight loss. And now I work with my medical practitioners helping people like you do the same. You see, here's the thing. 70% of people gain back all their weight when they stop these medications. Not because the medication failed, but because they never really learned which foods actually work with the medication to help fix their metabolism. You see, when you eat the right foods while implementing proper lifestyle interventions like strategic fasting, resistance training, sleep optimization, your body becomes more sensitive to the medication, you'll literally need less. And I see this sort of thing all the time. It's very standard in our practice that people stay on lower doses throughout their entire weight loss program. Around 75 millig of saglutide or around 5 milligs of trespide. >> You ready to go? >> Let's go, baby. [Music] All right. So, Sam's Club, I tell myself it's fancier than Walmart, but let's be honest, we're all just here because of the bulk prices. >> Baby, did you hear that? They just recently reformulated a lot of their product or they are in the process of doing that. >> Yeah, the Members Mark Members Mark is actually reformulating a lot of their products right now. Removing artificial dyes, aspartame, high fructose corn syrup. This matters because cleaner ingredients likely means better medication response. >> Do you want to start with breakfast? The meal that we we never eat. >> I know. Well, intermittent intermittent fasting lifestyle. Yeah, absolutely. >> So, most people's biggest mistake actually happens before 9:00 a.m. Let me show you the breakfast combo that keeps our patients satisfied until lunch without ever having to increase their GLP1 dose. First up, and this price is going to blow your mind, pasture-raised eggs at Sam's Club. $5.92 for 18 eggs. This is the only wholesale club that I've seen that sells pasture-raised eggs. And at this price, it beats a lot of the grocery store pricing. >> It actually it's cheaper than grocery store cage-free eggs. >> Wow, that's amazing. Most people don't even check the pasture rays because they assume that they're more expensive. But here's what matters most for your medication journey. When you crack these bad boys open, and wait, this is wild. The orange yolk actually contains something called aazanthin. This is the same compound that makes flamingos pink, one of nature's most powerful antioxidants. It's actually 6,000 times stronger than vitamin C. You're also getting twice the omega-3s, three times the vitamin E, and 7 times the amount of beta carotene. Sarah, one of our PCOS patients, actually switched to these bad boys. She went from losing 2 to three lbs a month to losing 2 lbs a week. Same dose of her medication, just better nutrition. See, when you're on GLP-1s, you're eating less volume, right? So, every single thing needs to count. These eggs right here contain six grams of complete protein, which means it contains all of the amino acids that your body needs. Think of amino acids as the basic building blocks of your body. Your body needs amino acids for tissue building and repair, among so many other things. They're also chalk full of fats, soluble vitamins that help your body respond better to the medication. >> Let's get two this time. I want to make some kiche this weekend. >> Yeah, let's do it. We go through these bad boys. so fast. We do about 12 eggs for breakfast when we're not fasting. >> You You mean you you're the egg hoarder. I don't eat that many. >> Okay. Okay. Probably more like eight or 10 for me, right? Seriously. Pro tip, though. If you're doing just egg whites, stop. Stop that right now. The yolk is where all the nutrition is at. You ever see bodybuilders smile when they're slamming down those massive egg white omelettes? No, you don't. Because at the end of the day, egg yolks taste so much better. I got a question for you guys. Have you been overpaying for these cage-free eggs this entire time? Drop it in the comments and let me know because I'm curious if I was the only one that was super surprised here. Now, pair these with the eggs that we just showed you and you've got yourself a perfect GLP-1 breakfast. No, you don't need those expensive $8 protein drinks from Whole Foods, but you do need yogurt that doesn't secretly spike your insulin. Octo zero added sugar, zero artificial sweeteners, zero fat, 15 g of protein. >> The mixed berry is my favorite. This one. >> I thought I thought the vanilla was your favorite. >> I'm not boring. >> Yeah, you're switching things up on me. I don't know. But anyways, check this out. Regular healthy yogurt has about 18 to 20 gram of sugar. Most people have no idea that they're eating dessert for breakfast. I see this with patients constantly. They come in, food diary looks perfect, but they're eating healthy vanilla yogurt or berry yogurt. And that's 18 grams of sugar before 9:00 am. When you're on GLP1s and you're eating less volume, those sugar bombs hit different. They spike your insulin. And in many cases, I've seen it's the patients that are eating more sugar and overall more carbohydrates that needed higher doses of their GLP1s to hit that sweet spot. Aka less sugar likely means lower doses. 15 g of protein per cup. When patients have one of these with their eggs, the ones that we just grabbed, that's almost 30 grams of protein before 9:00 am with zero added sugar. High protein meals are always the best way to start your day off. >> I've been eating these forever, but I like to add like a spoonful of chia seed to give it some crunch and a little bit of fiber. It's >> I've seen you eat those. Those are pretty good. Amazing. >> Yeah. And even with those add-ons, you're still under five grams of sugar total. Compare that to the regular yogurt parfait. 30 40 gram of sugar. Easy. You see, when your blood sugar is stable like this, your body doesn't panic. The medication can actually do a better job and likely you could say at lower doses. Sarah, one of our PCOS patients, was having regular yogurt every morning. She switched to these bad boys right here. She changed nothing else. She started losing weight consistently again. Let's get two packs, babe. >> Yeah. >> Cool. Under nine bucks for 12 cups. You can't beat it. And listen, if the stevia tastes weird at first, give it two weeks. Your taste buds need time to reset. After a month, regular yogurt starts tasting much better. So, those are some solid breakfast items. Eggs and yogurt under five grams of sugar, 25 plus grams of protein keeps you full for hours. Truthfully, you can eat these items any time of the day, which is nice because I advocate for an intermittent fasting lifestyle. And when it comes to intermittent fasting, breakfast is the easiest meal to skip when doing so. If you're finding this information helpful and you like the idea of staying on lower doses of your GLP1 medications like our patients do, be sure to hit that subscribe button because we drop videos like this twice per week showing exactly how to maximize your GLP1 weight loss results. Now, here's where most people completely mess up on GLP1s. They think they need to avoid high fat in their protein sources, but fatty animal products, that's where the magic is. This section right here, this is how you can stay satisfied on half of the GLP1 dose that everybody else needs. Look at this. Most people on GLP-1s go for the leanest meat possible, thinking that fat is the enemy. This right here, this is Members Mark organic ground beef, 8515. But honestly, if you're just starting out, regular grain-fed beef is totally fine. Actually, it might be better initially because the primary goal when you're starting out on your weight loss journey should be to become more insulin sensitive. And one of the best ways to do that is to replace your carbohydrate intake with quality fat and continue keeping your protein intake high. >> Didn't you used to live off of this when you lost all your weight on 100 lbs? >> The first time? >> Yeah. There's only been one time, but there's here's the thing. 964 ground turkey. Oh man. 20 years ago when I was 18 back in Orange County, California, I'd buy pounds of the ground turkey every single week. Plain dry. Measured it down to the ground. >> Oh, that sounds miserable. >> Oh, it was awful. Oh, just six more ounces of dried turkey breasts. I'd lose 50 lbs every single spring, every pre-summer time, I'd be doing this by cardio twice a day, counting every macro, living off of that stuff, steamed broccoli, you know the deal. Then by winter, I'd regain all that weight back. eight or nine years of this vicious cycle. The thing is, I didn't understand insulin resistance back then. Nobody talked about metabolic health. It was all calories in, calories out. I would white knuckle myself through these brutal diets, lose weight, regain it back because that approach was completely unsustainable. The game changer though was discovering intermittent fasting when I was 22 years old. Suddenly, I wasn't obsessing over every single meal. Then I started pushing it to prolong fasting and that's when I finally achieved stability in my weight. That's when everything clicked. Now I teach our patients how to eat with their hormones and not against them. Speaking of which, Jessica, one of our patients, she lost 35 lbs, but her DEXA scan showed 15 lbs of it was muscle. She was eating lean protein only destroyed her metabolism. We actually switched her to 8515 beef, got her to 150 g of protein a day. We added some solid resistance training where we really taught her how to build muscle. The term is hypertrophy training. She actually gained back eight pounds of muscle while losing another 10 pounds of fat at the same GLP-1 medication dose. Pro tip, cook all 5 lbs at once with just salt and pepper. Divide it up. Taco meat, salad, protein, quick scramles all week long. This one habit is a big part of why our patients often don't need constant dose escalations. While we're talking meal prep, here's the budget hack that nobody mentions. Chuck roast. Hands down the best budget protein hack. Throw it in a slow cooker with maybe salt, pepper, some beef bone broth. 8 hours later, falls apart with a fork. >> You always said that you'll cook, but you never do it. I'm only one cooking in the house. >> It always sounds like a good idea. Like I want to be sweet and romantic, and then I actually think about doing it, and then I have a problem with that. >> Chuck roast is really easy cuz you can turn it into so many different recipes. Yeah, seriously. The way you make it is definitely better, baby. We just, let's be honest here. I actually love that an Indian style of yours. But this cut has more fat than those expensive lean cuts. The fat renders down, keeps you satisfied for hours. Pro tip, save the drippings, refrigerate them, and use that fat for cooking eggs. 3 lbs of roast feeds us for at least four meals, if not five. Under four bucks per meal. You can't beat it. Okay, let's address the elephant in the room here. Or I should say the chicken in the plastic. Baby, they just brought out some fresh ones, too. >> Totally. Totally. I think probably that's the fresher one. Yeah, perfect timing. No, you don't need to spend hours meal prepping chicken every Sunday. But you do need ready protein that won't sabotage your insulin. Look, if you're on a budget, and this is the difference between eating highquality protein or some ultrarocessed garbage, get the chicken every single time. But if you can afford fresh chicken and you have time to cook it, then great. That's ideal. Don't stress. Do what's best at that point in your life and don't overthink it. >> We get these maybe maybe once a month. >> Yeah, I'd say give or take when it gets pretty crazy. Yeah, when life gets crazy, these things come in a pinch. Maria, one of our marketing executive patients, grabs one every Sunday night, pulls off all the meat, divides it into containers, protein for the whole week, under $5. The key is don't eat it straight from the hot plastic, let it cool off, transfer it down to glass containers. >> We still have some chicken at home, don't we? >> I think we do. >> Okay. Well, you don't need it. Here's why this matters for low doses. When you have ready to eat protein always available, you don't get desperate. See, desperation leads to bad choices. Bad choices lead to eating highly processed foods, highly processed foods, which are more inflammatory and spike your blood sugar. All of which may lead to needing higher medication doses. So, that's your protein sorted. Grass-fed or grain-fed beef, chuck roast for easy days, and rotissi for emergency backup. But here's the thing. Success or failure on GLP1s often comes down to what happens between your meals. So, let me show you the snacks that actually work with you. Chomps versus Members Mark Beef Sticks. Most people walk right past these, but they're total game changers. Okay, so Chomps, $19.98 for 24 sticks. Members Mark beef sticks, $12 for 12 sticks. Same price. Did you know that Chomps recently changed their formula? They removed the culture celery pellet. Isn't that what was causing a lot of issues for our patients? >> That's right. We had this patient that kept getting bloated from these, and that actually probably was the reason why. They literally just changed it. No announcement or anything. The little formula improvements are what matters when you're trying to heal your metabolism. Less artificial ingredients means less inflammation, better medication response. Both are grass-fed. 10 grams of protein, zero sugar. I slam these between patient calls all the time. >> I lift off of these when driving to Texas this last uh this last trip. Yeah, you eat like a bunch at the same time. >> I did. So easy. >> Gas station hot dogs versus these. There's no comparison. Most people never even consider this, but it changed everything for us. Pecarino Romano cheese. This is sheep's milk cheese, not cow's milk. Locatali brand. The real deal from Italy. >> I found a new way to use the cheese. You can grate it on broccoli. Steamed broccoli and makes it cheesy broccoli. >> I know that freaking sounds delicious. This totally blew my mind. Sheep's milk contains A2 proteins instead of A1. Scientists actually just recently discovered that A1 proteins in cow's milk triggers the same inflammatory response as gluten in some people. That's why they get bloated from regular cheese and not this one. And when you're on GLP1s, digestive comfort is everything. Plus, this is more saltier and more flavorful than Parmesan. You get to use less and get more satisfaction. >> And it lasts a lot longer than Parmesan, too. It goes >> Oh, yeah. Totally. Totally. like 2 months, 10 bucks. We grate it fresh on eggs, salads, roasted vegetables, and when your food tastes amazing, you don't eat as much. You're satisfied with smaller portions. I got a question for you. Have you ever tried Cheap's milk cheese before? Let me know in the comments. Or is this completely new to you? Or does it sound a little gross? And if you love sweets, no, you don't have to give up sweet snacks forever. But you do need ones that won't trigger food chatter in your brain. These organic crispy rollers are the bomb. Now, it's unfortunate that Sam's Club today is out of them, but grab them when you see them because my gosh, they are so amazing. And talk about satisfaction. They are definitely having a moment on TikTok right now. And for good reason. Look at these ingredients. Organic coconut milk, tapioca flour, coconut sugar, eggs, and sea salt. And here's what's crazy. Coconut contains something called MCT oil, mediumchain triglycerides. Your brain can actually use that for fuel within 15 minutes. It literally bypasses your normal digestion. Fun fact, NASA actually studied this for astronauts. One gram of sugar per roll, but your brain gets instant energy without the crash. When you're craving something sweet and crunchy that doesn't trigger insulin spikes and makes you want the whole box. >> Tell them about your um dark chocolate dessert idea. >> Oh, my little recipe there. Yeah. >> Melt a square of 85% dark chocolate. Dip it in the coconut roller. Still under 3 g of sugar total. >> You can also add some berries on the side. makes a complete like little snack. >> Yeah. Yeah. No, that that sounds that sounds really good. Actually, 11 bucks seems like a lot, but these last us for weeks. Clean ingredients, minimal sugar, actually satisfying. So, that's smart snacking. Protein sticks for savory cravings. Pecarino cheese for flavor enhancement. Coconut rollers for that sweet tooth. But listen, nobody's perfect. Let me show you some great convenient options that actually work when life gets crazy. First up, liquid protein for when you just can't get enough real food protein sources on any given day. You know what's crazy? 20 years ago, I would have been calculating the exact protein to calorie ratio on these. Now, I just look at one thing. 20 g of protein done. >> I used to track every single gram. >> Oh my god. I was >> I was super neurotic. Yeah. Everything. Spreadsheets, apps, the work. But here's what I teach patients now. Just hit your protein target. Your hormones handle the rest. 20 grams here, ready to drink. >> Do we have any at home? >> I don't know, actually. Do we? >> I don't think so. Let's grab Let's drop a few pounds. >> Okay. Okay, definitely. Uh, well, maybe like two. Nancy, one of our patients, was down to 800 calories a day, freezing cold, metabolism shutdown. We got her drinking one of these bad boys between her meals. Added 200 calories, 20 grams of protein. Her energy levels increased within a single week. Same low dose of the medication. I I really want to make sure you understand that. Drink it straight. Blend it with berries. Add it to coffee. When you're eating less volume on these medications, liquid protein can be a total game changer. Now, this is where I need to be real with you. Just bare chicken strips. Now, I don't personally eat breaded foods unless we're talking about a cheat meal here and there. But some of my patients, they have families, picky kids, and they need options. >> I actually used to eat these a lot when I was single. And I know one of our patients, I think she mentioned it on one of the calls. She's got a ton of kids. >> These helped her out. >> Yeah. You were single for a pretty long time, weren't you? for decades. >> Jennifer, right? >> Okay. Mother of three was cooking separate meals every night. Very exhausting. These became her compromise. No antibiotics, no added hormones, minimal ingredients. The kids absolutely love them. She eats them herself with a nice big salad. Everyone's happy. She ended up losing 40 lbs without battling her family over what's the optimal dinner here. What are we going to eat for dinner? Air fryer, 360° for 13 minutes. Restaurant quality. Total game changer. >> Remember when you tried them in the oven? >> Yeah, they tasted like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] >> Yeah, they came out totally different for sure. I recommend that you guys use the air fryer. It's kind of crazy how often good food tastes when it comes out of the air fryer. 17 g of protein per serving. Have these with a big salad, some pecarino cheese. That's a solid meal. Okay, so is this the most optimal meal? No. But ideal and optimal is really about being consistent. And this is way better than dry foods in almost every cases. Progress, not perfection. Don't forget that. While we're here, let me grab these quick solutions. Members Mark Normandy Blend. This is your volume hack. Fills your plate without the carbs. Regular pasta sides, 60 70 g of carbohydrates. This entire bag has like 20 g total. Broccoli, cauliflower, carrots, all very nutritious vegetables that go really nice with any sort of protein. >> 5 minutes in the microwave. Simple. >> Yeah, I think they're about 5 minutes or so. That sounds about right. >> Yeah. And you can also roast them too as well with a little bit of olive oil and that pecarino that we grabbed earlier. Delicious. This is your micronutrient insurance when you're eating less volumes. Micronutrients means your vitamins and your minerals. All that stuff that your body needs besides actual calories. >> These veggies are actually really good quality. >> Yeah, they totally are. I know. The fiber helps with constipation issues as well on your GLP ones. Throw these in with that ground beef. Add your favorite seasoning. Dinner in 10 minutes. You see, convenience doesn't mean compromising your progress. Protein drinks, family-friendly options, veggie shortcuts, all keep you on track. >> Don't forget about the blueberries. >> That's right. Like frozen blueberries for smoothies, and with those coconut rollers, wild blueberries, if they have them, more antioxidants. Look at all these items. Nothing special, nothing expensive, but everything here supports staying on lower doses and improving your health overall. Okay, so let's recap what we've actually got here. pasture-raised eggs, quality beef with the right fat content, very low sugar yogurt, ready to eat proteins, clean snacks, and vegetable volume. This isn't a special diet. This is eating real foods that work with your GLP1 med. Here's what I need you to understand, and this is crucial. Every single thing that we've gotten today may help you stay more sensitive to your GLP1 medication. When you eat this way and you implement the proper lifestyle interventions that we teach, things like strategic fasting, resistance training, sleep optimization, and stress management, your body will likely need less medication, and you'll probably even get better results. Our patients regularly stay on 0.5 or 75 milligs of semaglutide or about 5 milligs of trespathide during their weight loss phases when other clinics have people on upper and even maxed out doses. Think about that. lower doses with better weight loss because we're protecting the muscle mass on your body. Fewer side effects, lower costs, and best of all, they're set up for a better transition into micro doing for permanent weight maintenance in the future. >> How much do you think all this will cost? >> You know, probably around 150 bucks, but this will be about 2 weeks of food for the both of us. 75 bucks a week for food that actually heals your metabolism. Now, that's an investment. And you don't need everything at once. Start with the proteins and then add the smart swaps and then build from there. >> Yeah, let's go. When our patients come in exhausted, frustrated, telling me that they've tried everything, I see myself at 22 years old all over again, standing in some random grocery store in Orange County, California, buying the same diet foods for the fifth time that year, knowing deep down that it wasn't going to last. That shame of regaining weight over and over. I lived that for eight freaking years. Springtime rolls around, motivated again, lose another 50 lbs. Winter's back. Gain it all back. The difference between success and failure isn't the medication dose or your willpower. It's understanding that insulin resistance is biology, not character flaw. When I finally discovered fasting and understood how insulin actually works, how fat and protein can work together, how to eat with my hormones instead of against them, everything changed. And that's what we teach our patients now. Not another diet, not more restrictions, but how to eat in a way that makes your body work with your weight management goals and not against them. You can do this with the right foods, the right support, you can stay on lower doses, avoid those side effects in most cases, and then most importantly, transition into micro doing maintenance. So, here's what I want you to do. First, grab that shopping list from the pinned comments of this video. Next time you're at Sam's Club, I want you to reference it. Second, pick three things to start with. Don't overhaul everything at once, unless you're totally motivated, then yes, you should absolutely do that. Maybe it's the eggs, the ooey ghost yogurt, and some 1815 beef. Build from there. Third, I want you to track how you feel. Not just your weight, but your energy, your cravings, your satisfaction. When you eat this way, you'll notice this within weeks. And if you're dealing with those GLP1 side effects, if you're tired of those dose increases, if you want real support, then we are here for you. My team and I have helped thousands of patients across the nation optimize their GLP-1 weight loss journey and we do this every single day. Book your free discovery call with one of our patient advocates. I'll drop the link in the description. This is a no obligation opportunity to see what options you have out there and to join a community with thousands of others who use these medications as a tool rather than a long-term solution. Remember what I said at the beginning. 70% of people regain their weight because they never learn how to eat properly on these medications. Don't be part of that statistic. Progress, not perfection. You've got this. And if you've enjoyed watching this video, then I want you to check out this one. This is where we broke down the base items that you should have in your home, regardless of where you shop. Cool. See you guys later.

- Ozempic Muscle Loss Reversed With This Simple Breakfast Hack: Kind: captions Language: en-US Stop right there. If you're on ozempic, wegovy, munjaro, or zepbound and watching the scale drop, congratulations. But here's what nobody's telling you. You could be losing up to 40% muscle along with that fat. And once it's gone, it's incredibly hard to get back. But don't worry, I've got you covered. In the next few minutes, we're going to do something that will literally change how your body responds to these medications. Hey everyone, welcome back to the channel. If you're new here, hit that subscribe button because we're diving deep into something that's going to be a game changer for anyone using GLP1 medications. Look, these medications are incredible. They're helping millions of people finally break through weight loss plateaus that seemed impossible. But here's the thing that most doctors aren't emphasizing enough. Rapid weight loss without the right exercise protocol doesn't just burn fat, it's burning your muscle too. And muscle? That's your metabolic engine. That's what keeps you strong, functional, and burning calories even while you sleep. I've worked with hundreds of clients who came to me after losing 50, 60, even 100 pounds on these medications. And they all said the same thing. I hit my goal weight, but I feel weak. I look soft. This 20-minute home workout requires zero equipment, just your body weight, and a little bit of floor space. We're going to focus on compound movements that stimulate multiple muscle groups, movements that tell your body, hey, we need this muscle. Don't you dare burn it for fuel. Before we jump in, quick reminder, I'm not a doctor. If you're starting any new exercise program, talk to your health care provider first. All right, let's talk about why this matters so much. And then we're going to get moving. When you're on semagluetide or tersipatide, your appetite drops significantly. That's the whole point. You're eating less, creating a caloric deficit, and losing weight. Beautiful. But your body doesn't just burn fat in a deficit. It's looking at everything available for fuel. And muscle is actually easier for your body to break down than stubborn fat stores. Here's what happens. When you lose muscle mass, your basal metabolic rate drops. That means you burn fewer calories just existing. So you might hit your goal weight, but now you're in this frustrating position where you have to eat less than ever to maintain it. Plus, you're weaker, you have less energy, and frankly, you don't have the toned, firm look you were going for. Studies show that during rapid weight loss, people can lose anywhere from 25% to 40% of their weight from lean muscle mass if they're not doing resistance training. That's almost half. Imagine losing 50 pounds and 20 of those pounds being pure muscle. You've essentially made yourself a smaller, weaker version of your former self, instead of becoming the strong, healthy person you deserve to be. But here's the good news. Resistance training changes everything. Even just three to four sessions per week of focused strength work can preserve, and in many cases, even build muscle while you're losing fat. Your body gets a clear signal. This muscle is being used. It's necessary. Keep it. And you don't need a gym. You don't need fancy equipment. You just need to know the right movements and the right intensity. Okay, I want you to do something right now. Wherever you are, living room, bedroom, office. I want you to stand up. Seriously? Stand up right now. Feel your feet on the ground. This is where transformation happens. Not tomorrow, not Monday. Right now. Are you standing? Good. Let's go. Here's how this is going to work. We're doing a circuit style workout with five exercises. We'll do each exercise for 45 seconds, then rest for 15 seconds before moving to the next one. We'll complete four full rounds of this circuit. That's going to give us about 20 minutes of work. The five exercises are squats, push-ups, reverse lunges, plank holds with shoulder taps, and glute bridges. These movements hit every major muscle group. Legs, chest, back, shoulders, core, and glutes. This is full body muscle preservation at its finest. Don't worry about going super fast. Focus on control and form. Quality over quantity, always. If you need to take an extra breath, take it. If you need to modify a movement, we'll talk about modifications for every single exercise. Ready? Let's warm up for just 60 seconds, then we're diving in. Let's get the blood flowing. March in place, bringing your knees up. Good. Add some arm circles. Forward for 10 seconds. Backward for 10 seconds. Now do some gentle torso twists. Reach your arms up overhead and take a deep breath in. Then exhale and reach down toward your toes. Do that three times. Last thing. Roll your shoulders back. Roll them forward. Shake out your arms and legs. Perfect. You're warm. Let's do this. Alright, starting with squats. Feet shoulder-width apart, toes pointing slightly out. I want you to think about sitting back into a chair. Keep your chest proud, core tight. As you lower down, your weight should be in your heels. Go down as low as comfortable, ideally, thighs parallel to the ground. Then drive through those heels to stand back up. Squeeze your glutes at the top. If you need to modify, hold onto a countertop or chair for balance. If regular squats feel too easy. Try pause squats. Hold at the bottom for two seconds before coming up. We're working for 45 seconds. Your legs are powerful. Your body is strong. Let's go. Starting now and rest. 15 seconds. Breathe. Next up, push-ups. Push-ups are incredible for preserving upper body muscle. Chest, shoulders, triceps, even your core. Get into a high plank position. Hands slightly wider than shoulder width. Keep your body in a straight line from head to heels. Lower down by bending your elbows, bringing your chest toward the floor, then press back up. If you need to modify, drop to your knees, or do push-ups against a wall or countertop. The angle doesn't matter. What matters is that you're working 45 seconds. Focus on form. You've got this. Excellent. Rest. Next, reverse lunges. This is going to work your quads, hamstrings, and glutes individually. Super important for muscle balance. Stand tall, then step one leg back, lowering your back knee toward the ground. Your front knee should stay over your ankle. Push through your front heel to return to standing. Alternate legs. Modification. Hold onto something for balance or reduce the range of motion. 45 seconds. Alternating legs. Stay controlled. Let's go. Beautiful work. Rest. Now plank with shoulder taps. Hey, quick check-in. How are you feeling right now? Heart rate up? Muscle's working? Good. That's your body getting the message. That's you telling every cell. I'm keeping this muscle. We're strong. We're functional. This is what preservation looks like. Not a pill, not a hack. Just honest work. Let's keep going. Get into a high plank position. Hands under shoulders, body straight. Now, while keeping your hips as still as possible, lift one hand and tap the opposite shoulder. Return it to the ground, then tap with the other hand. This is working your entire core, your shoulders, and challenging your stability. Modification. Do this from your knees or hold a regular plank without the taps. 45 seconds. Stay strong through that core. Minimize the hip movement. Let's work and rest. Last exercise of this round. Glute bridges. Lie on your back, knees bent, feet flat on the floor about hip width apart. Press through your heels to lift your hips up toward the ceiling, squeezing your glutes at the top. Lower back down with control. This is your posterior chain. Glutes and hamstrings, which is crucial for strength and metabolism. Make it harder. Hold at the top for two seconds or try single leg bridges. 45 seconds. Focus on that glute squeeze at the top. Excellent. That's one round complete. 15 seconds to catch your breath, then we're going again. Three more rounds to go. Round two. Your body is already adapting. Every rep is sending a signal to preserve and build. Round three. This is where mental toughness comes in. You're not just building muscle. You're building resilience. Round four. Last round. Give me everything you've got. Finish strong. Stop. Just stop for a second. Look at what you just did. 20 minutes. Your body weight. Your determination. You just gave your body the most powerful message possible. I am strong and I'm staying strong. Let's cool down. All right. Walk it out for 30 seconds. Let that heart rate come down. Good. Now let's stretch. Reach your arms overhead. Lean to one side. Hold for 10 seconds. Then the other side. Fold forward. Let your upper body hang. Feel that stretch in your hamstrings and lower back. Come up slowly. Quad stretch. Pull one foot toward your glutes. Hold for 15 seconds. Switch sides. Finally, sit down. Extend your legs and reach for your toes. Hold that for 20 seconds. Feel the stretch. Breathe into it. Beautiful work. Here's what I want you to remember. These medications are tools. Powerful tools, but they work best when combined with resistance training and adequate protein intake. Aim for at least 0.7 to 1 gram of protein per pound of your goal body weight. That protein is the building block your muscles need to repair and grow. Do this workout or something similar, three to four times per week. Give your muscles 48 hours between sessions to recover. Stay consistent. Track your progress not just by the scale, but by how you feel, how your clothes fit, and how strong you're getting. If you found this valuable, smash that like button and subscribe for more content on optimizing your health journey. Drop a comment and let me know. Are you on a GLP one medication? How's your journey going? I read every single comment and I'm here to support you. Remember, you're not just losing weight. You're building the strongest, healthiest version of yourself. And that takes more than a medication. It takes commitment, consistency, and the courage to show up for yourself, even when it's hard. I'll see you in the next video. Now get some water, fuel your body with good nutrition, and keep crushing it.

- Ozempic information, references in description: Kind: captions Language: en hello this is Gwen speaking through text to speech my presentation will be explaining different chemicals or ingredients in AIC and what they do I put Subway Surfers gameplay behind the text so you don't get bored OIC is a medication originally used to treat type 2 diabetes however it became popular After People noticed that it can also cause weight loss before getting into OIC though I have to introduce you to glucagon like peptide 1 or GL 1 for short glp1 is a natural hormone released by intestinal cells after eating the glp1 hormone binds to receptor cells in the brain and pancreas activation of these receptors causes insulin to be released the movement of food out of the stomach to be slowed gastric emptying and increased feelings of fullness the chemical formula for glp1 is C1 for 9h to 64045 and its chemical structure looks like this the ACT ingredient in OIC is semaglutide which has the chemical formula c187 H to 91 and 4559 and a structure that looks like this notice how they are pretty similar semaglutide is able to mimic the glp1 hormone and bind to its receptors causing same feelings of fullness semaglutide is made by producing yeast cells that make the necessary peptides using recombinant DNA technology wow good thing I took AP biology so I can understand all that now let's get into some other ingredients in OIC do sodium phosphate dihydrate H5 n6p is used as a buffer in many medications this is important because OIC Comm is in the form of a subcutaneous injection meaning it's injected into the fat layer of the skin right here I love looking at layers of the skin it's so satisfying anyways subcutaneous injections should have a pH of 5 to8 to AV void irritation and buffers which have high concentrations of both a weak base or acid and its conjugate acid or base resist change in PH by neutralizing H+ or o ions along with the buffer hydrochloric acid HCL and sodium bicarbonate NOCO is also used to adjust its pH propylene glycol propylene glycol the simplest member Bing CH is used in many medications as a solubilizer propylene glycol has a side that interacts with water and water soluble substances hydrophilic and another side that interacts with oil and substances that can dissolve an oil hydrophobic adding propylene glycol can help connect these two propylene glycol is important in ozen pic because semaglutide has low solubility in water phenol is used as a preservative phenol is a class of organic compounds with the simplest member being carbolic acid C6 h5o many organisms need to be in a certain pH to thrive and weak acid such as phenol can disrupt membranes inhibit proteins and change the proton hydrogen I don't gradient needed or cellular respiration ability to inhibit bacteria growth this way is why it's used as a preservative water water H2O is mainly used in injections to dilute the drug water used in injections is usually distilled to remove impurities so it's safe to be injected these are all the ingredients used in OIC so should you OIC many people are under the impression that on OIC you can e as much as you want and still end up looking like this however this is not the case as I mentioned before OIC causes weight loss by making people eat less sto feeling full these effects seem to wear off after getting off the drug with one study finding that participants gained about 2third of the weight back one year after stopping OIC also while researching for this project and notice that some of the chemicals in OIC are flagged as health hazard on the pubc website a database for different chemicals such as the preservative phenol OIC is only FDA approved for type 2 diabetes not weight loss I'm no doctor but I just wouldn't recommend going to Saudi Arabia and getting over the counter o and Picto lose weight like that one Twitter user saw so how does this relate to what we learned in class during K2 we had units on acids and bases buffers and solubility OIC has inred ingredients that are related to these things which I talked about it's nice to find one drug that includes a lot of the things we talked about in class especially a drug that has become very popular lately it helps to understand the reason we are learning about things and how the things we learn in school can be applied the to real world so this is the end of my presentation I hope it wasn't to boring

- STOP Zepbound Side Effects -Gone in 1 Hour! Nutritionists Secrets #Smarternuthub: Kind: captions Language: en If you're on a GLP-1 like a Zmpic or Mojurro, you know the feeling of constant nausea or that GLP1 fatigue and the fear of ompic face or losing your hair. As a nutritionist, I've seen people hit a plateau because they aren't managing these side effects correctly. But you don't need expensive supplements to fix this. Today, I'm going to show you my budget GLP1 survival kit. I'm breaking down three cheap and simple recipes and I'll show you my electrolyte hack, my high-fiber crackers that fixes constipation, and my high performance protein collagen mix I use to save muscle mass and relieve constipation. If you use these three recipes, you'll easily avoid constipation, dehydration, loss of muscle mass, and you'll get an abundance of micronutrients as well. These three recipes can be used daily as a great foundation. They're all really low in calorie and super low in sugar, so they'll support a weight loss journey on GLP1 meds. I've also included nutrition panels and other nutrition information for each recipe as well. Really quick, if we haven't met yet, my name's Gina. I'm a qualified nutritionist, ex binge eater, and current GLP-1 user. And I've created a free GLP1 success checklist, which is really great. If you're on a GLP1 for weight loss, this will really help you. There's a link in the description to download it for free. Before we get into the recipes, I just want to give you a quick warning. When you use these recipes, be aware that electrolytes and fiber will weigh you down. Don't get on the scale after having salts and fiber and panic. The extra weight is not fat. it's just water weight because both electrolytes and fiber attract water. That's how they work and that's exactly what is going to make you feel better as well. I know people freak out when they get on the scale after having electrolytes or fiber and they see the number go up a little bit or they don't see the scale move when they've been working really hard, but don't freak out because these recipes will actually get rid of the side effects and you'll be feeling fantastic. All right, let's start with my cracker recipe. So, let's start with the crackers. Here we are. That's what they look like when they're done. And that's how I eat them normally. So, we're going to start with the premix, which is what we're making now. And you can store this in an airtight container for a couple of days in the cupboard. We're starting with a half a cup of almonds, a half a cup of papitas or pumpkin seeds, a half a cup of hemp seeds, which are very nutritious, a half a cup of sunflower seeds, also very nutritious. A half a cup of golden flax. Make sure you get golden. You don't want brown flax because it doesn't taste very nice. And a half a cup of chia seeds. It's the chia seeds that will bind this whole recipe together. Now I'm just adding flavors which I'm using chili and Italian herbs. And finally I'm adding chicken stock flavor. You can use vegetable if you like. Now I'm just going to do this on high in the Ninja for 20 to 30 seconds. And that's the result. You get a nice flour mix which you can now pop into an airtight container. I use my old coffee jars because they're fantastic for this. So, you can keep this either in the fridge if you're not going to use it very quickly or you can keep it in the pantry. I just put it in the pantry usually. And that's it. You've got your mix. Now, we're actually going to make the crackers. So, I'm using a half a cup of the cracker mix, which is equivalent to two servings. And now, I'm just going to All you need is water. I'm adding almost the same amount of water, but not quite. So, I would say start slowly with the water if you're not used to making this recipe. Now, you can see how it gels up like it becomes quite thick. That's the fiber in this recipe, and that's exactly what's going to stop your constipation. Not very good camera work there, but you get the idea. Now, I've cut a silicon mat to the size of my air fryer, and all we need to do is roll it out. I always use cling wrap because it's so much easier to clean up and it's so much easier to actually roll it out. So, roll it out quite thin because these crackers are moist and they just take a really long time if they're too thick. There we go. Flat thin. And now we're just going to cut this up. So, you can either use a knife or a pizza cutter. I just generally use a pizza cutter because it's so quick. And then when you cook these, you're going to have to turn them over halfway. So I cook them at 170. That's um Celsius. Not sure what that is in Fahrenheit. And I do it for 7 minutes in the air fryer. So that's what they look like once they've been cooked. And you'll see on one side they're not cooked. See on the bottom they're not cooked. So, I'm going to turn them all over and then I'm going to recook them for another 7 minutes at 170. Now, once you've done cooking them on the second side, if they're not quite cooked, all you need to do is put them back in on a lower heat. So, I would normally put them back in for another 2 minutes maybe, but I would do it on at 160 so they don't get burnt because they will burn quite quickly if you keep going. So there we go. Crackers are done. That's what they look like as the finished product. And you can see there how I eat them. I usually add more protein with cheese, meat, and so on. Now, let's have a look at the nutrition for these crackers. One serve, which is a/4 of a cup of flour, will give you omega-3 fatty acids from the chia, flax, and hemp seeds. Omegas are great to reduce inflammation and protect your heart. You'll get 15% of your daily fiber requirement, which is just less than 5 g. But even 5 g is enough for you to notice a difference. Please do not go and h go having like four serves of this a day. Your body won't be able to handle that much fiber at once and you'll get a tummy ache. So, limit it to one or two serves until your body gets used to having more fiber. I've put a link in the description below for a good probiotic blend that can help as well. Fiber and probiotics work together to improve your gut. So, you can check that out later if you like. Let's look at the micronutrients in our recipe because this is real magic. All these nutrients will make you feel amazing because they'll feed your cells with the nutrition you need to function. No one ever mentions copper, but it is an essential nutrient that helps iron to do its work. Taking iron when you're deficient in copper is almost useless. Copper regulates absorption and transport of iron, but it's also needed to release stored iron for use in your body. So, if you're copper deficient, you might see low iron levels in your blood while simultaneously having um high iron buildup in the liver. We don't want that. So, you can see why copper is a very important trace mineral. Most people have probably never heard of manganese, but it's important for normal functioning of your brain and nervous system, bone density, and also it's great for antioxidant protection. But here's the big one for us. Manganese is needed for our metabolism in the liver to make blood glucose. In simple terms, that means your liver will take the fat from your thigh and make sugar for your brain to use. This process is called gluconneogenesis and it's the reason we can live on a diet with very little carbohydrates. I hope this gives you a new appreciation for manganesees. Then we've got magnesium which is involved in as many as 600 different enzyatic reactions within the body. You might be thinking I don't know what that means. Well, all these enzyme reactions is literally the reason how our body can use up stored fat and energy. It's integral to metabolism. Of course, we all know it's great for relaxation, sleep, and muscle tension, but those enzyatic reactions are the reason for it working so well. And then we have some zinc, iron, calcium, and phosphorus. And let's look quickly at the macros. So, one serve, which is a/4 of a cup in this case, has uh 188 calories and only two grams of that is coming from carbohydrate. The rest is made up of fiber, healthy fats, and protein. So, don't forget we used in my recipe 1/2 of a cup to make the mix. So, that is two servings. One serve is a quarter of a cup. So, half of the cracker recipe. So, that's our cracker recipe. You can now see what a nutritional powerhouse these crackers are and so much better for you than storebought junk, right? All right, let's move on to our protein and electrolyte mix. This mix will help you get enough protein in the form of collagen because we want to support our skin while we lose weight. We want to reduce skin sag. So, I'm using 25 g of pure boine collagen. You want the boine collagen with nothing added. and especially no added sugar. Just get unflavored so you can mix it up with flavors that you like later because you'll be drinking this stuff almost daily. And to that I'm adding one teaspoon of vitamin C powder. Check your powder because too much vitamin C will have you on the L for hours. You just want 1 g in one whole liter of water. That's 33 oz of water. Now I'm using sugar-free cordial to flavor mine. Um, but you can use herbal tea if you like. The collagen has a distinct taste, but it can be covered with strong flavors. Just use sugar-free flavors, whatever you're using. Now, give it a good stir and pour it into a bottle. You can see I'm just reusing my plastic bottle from yesterday. Doesn't have to be fancy. Okay, now let's crank this bad boy up with our electrolytes. You'll need cream of tarta, just plain, nothing added. I'm adding one teaspoon, which will give you about 500 milligrams of potassium. Now, hang around because I've got some important warnings for potassium after we do this recipe, and you really need to hear those. Next, we're adding salt, the same amount. I like sea salt because it's rich in other minerals as well. It needs to be finely ground so it dissolves easily. I'm just adding cooled water to the mix. Even though it's coming from my kettle, it's just cooled water. Now, give that a really good mix up. And you're going to add that to your collagen and vitamin C mix. Make sure you get all the salt from the bottom as well. Give it a good shake. And now you've got a delicious protein electrolyte mix that costs a fraction of what the storebought electrolytes and proteins will cost. I've put a link in the description for my collagen if you want it. You might even get a bit of a discount through that link as well. Okay, let's look at the nutrition profile for our drink. This drink is intended for daily use, and you should be drinking more water on top of this to stay hydrated. So, I've got a 33 oz bottle or one liter bottle. Remember, when we reduce our food intake, we also reduce our fluid intake. So, drink up. Collagen is great for joints, skin elasticity, and healthy everything. Collagen is the glue that holds us together, but for weight loss, it's particularly good for our skin. As our skin changes while we lose weight, not only will it help your skin snap back, it'll help your complexion to glow as well. You'll start looking healthier. It's great to reduce wrinkles and maybe help with acne because it speeds up wound healing, especially because we've added vitamin C. Collagen and vitamin C always work together. That's why I'm adding it to our mix here. Vitamin C also helps with wound healing and is a natural anti-inflammatory. We've all heard about vitamin C and immunity, right? Well, it does so much more than that. Vitamin C is an essential vitamin which is water soluble, which means we don't store it and we need to get it from our foods regularly. Vitamin C strengthens our blood vessels. It provides the framework for our bones and joints. It keeps cartilage and tendons strong. And vitamin C speeds up repair of damaged tissues, which is why it's great for reducing scar tissue and reducing wrinkles. It's well known for its potent antioxidant actions, and it protects our DNA from damage, which decreases chronic illnesses. Vitamin C and vitamin E actually work together in the body because they protect each other. They're both potent antioxidants. The only difference is vitamin E is fat soluble whereas vitamin C is water soluble. And lastly, vitamin C plays a crucial role in preventing anemia because it activates nonan animal sources of iron so we can use that iron in our body. It helps the body to move iron out of storage and into the bloodstream to transport oxygen. So there you go. I hope I've convinced you to get your one gram of vitamin C. But do not overdose on vitamin C. You will end up on the L. The body can only tolerate a little bit at a time. And it's the same with magnesium. All right, let's have a quick look at collagen. It's a pure protein, but collagen isn't a complete protein, meaning it's missing a couple of essential amino acids. The most notable is tryptophan, which is an important dopamine and serotonin um producer in our body. So, you'll need to have other sources of protein as well. Our crackers have a little bit of tryptophan, but not enough really to cover all of your needs. So, try and eat some meats or cheeses with your crackers to fill that gap. The other amino acid is leucine. Leucine is in collagen, but there's not enough of it. Leucine is important for stimulating muscle growth, which is what we want on our GLP1 to reduce the loss of lean mass. So, we want to keep our muscle. Again, some meat and cheese will fix this. All right, let's have a look at electrolytes. You know that dizzy brain fog, lowgrade nausea feeling that makes you want to lay down on the kitchen floor in the middle of the day. Some people call it the GLP1 flu, but actually that is the feeling of not having enough electrolytes. That feeling isn't the medication per se. It's actually dehydration. Salts are what keeps water in our body. You see, when we reduce our food intake, we actually reduce our fluid intake as well because food contains a lot of water. And with that water, it also contains a lot of naturally occurring electrolytes. The other reason that GLP1 meds distort our thirst center in our brain. So we might forget to drink water as well as forgetting to eat. So if you're feeling dizzy or exhausted, this mix will definitely have you feeling better within an hour. It's very fast acting because protein also draws electrolytes into the cell. This mix works really well for absorption of all of the nutrients within it. Let's talk really quickly about potassium because this is very very important. If you're on other medications or have pre-existing medical conditions, you need to check with your pharmacist or doctor if you can take electrolytes with potassium. Some medications do react with potassium and sodium. Having said that, if you're generally healthy and you're not on other medications apart from the GLP1, these are essential nutrients and I'll explain why. Our cells need both potassium and sodium to make electricity in our body so our nerves and muscles can function. Electrolytes are used in every single cell in our body. Without them, we die. They work in our cell in a process called sodium potassium pump. It's literally the reason your heart is beating right now. So hopefully you can see how important they are just from that statement. So cream of tarta is rich in potassium. We need about 5 gram of potassium per day, whereas we only need about 2 and a half grams of sodium. If you're eating salty foods, you could actually half the dose of salt in our mix. So remember, we used equal parts, one teaspoon sodium, one teaspoon cream of tarta. So you could actually have that to have half a teaspoon of sea salt since this mix gives you your whole RDI. Very important. Does that mean you should take a tablespoon of cream of tarta? Absolutely not. Both potassium and sodium in high amounts are very dangerous in the body because it'll upset the potassium sodium pump which means it'll upset the electricity within your body. 500 mg of supplement as in potassium supplement is plenty. You do not need to go over that amount. The thing is if you do overdo the salt your body will excrete potassium. And if you overdo potassium, your body will excrete sodium. So, please don't go messing with the sodium and potassium balance because too much potassium is really not good for us and we will feel very, very sick. All right, so you can see how our mix has got tons of trace minerals in them as well from the sea salt and the cream of tarta. You could potentially mix in some magnesium powder if you wanted to. I don't because I take a magnesium supplement every couple of days anyway. And that's it. That wraps up our GLP1 survival guide. I hope you found this helpful. Remember to check out the free GLP1 success checklist I've put in the description. You can download it for free. And there's some other links for probiotics and a good collagen powder if you'd like to check those out. I do hope this information helped you. Let me know if you decide to make the recipes and what you thought of them. And feel free to leave any questions in the comments. I'll check the comments often and answer any questions. And lastly, if you found this helpful, share it with a friend and please subscribe because it really does help the channel to grow and it helps other people that would be interested to also see this information. If you are interested in my backstory, I have a video where I talk about why I became a nutritionist and how fat I was and how I lost weight and all that stuff. So, feel free to watch that. I will put that at the end of this video.

- Oprah & the Weight Loss Drug, is Oprah's use of Semaglutide wrong | Ozempic | Zepbound | Tirzepatide: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hello guys and welcome to my channel my name is is B on this channel here we talking about skare hair care and all those sort of things that are supposed to make you look good for a really long time but we also talking about something like health and therefore today we are going to talk a little bit about weight we are going to talk about how you can lose weight or how you can manage your weight because there is a very famous person at the moment and she is talking a lot about weight loss and apparently over the years America have had this sort of like national sport she says that was about talking about her weight gains and weight loss and that sort of thing it is of course Oprah Winfrey so the latest thing is that Oprah winrey she is I mean she is famous for also being part of Weight Watchers but apparently she is not that anymore and now she has embraced something like I think simac tide she will not tell us what it is she just says that she has been using a weight loss drug so we can just sort of like speculate what could it be but I I really think it must be seac type because I guess that she has started this weight loss Journey some months ago and there wouldn't really have been anything else on the market but a simac tide so I would just refer to it as a seaco tide but we don't really know if that's what she took now it is so that I was a little bit alarmed because when uh oah she uh said that she would start to use uh this drug uh to uh stop or avoid yo-yoing with her her weight so she told the magazine people that she would use the drug to uh stop yo-yoing but now excuse me I'm just a little bit like if you are going to use a drug in order to avoid yo-yoing well basically you are just yo-yoing in a different way because what it sounds to me is that you will be sort of like eating what you normally it and when that makes you a little bit larger than you would like to be then you would just use this drug and then it will be fine for a little while and then you go back to a Slimmer frame and then you can start over again until you become a little bit of a larger frame and then just go on uh this drug again and then uh sort of like the Vicious Cycle basically just continue now I'm pretty sure that opra she knows everything about a dieting and I love bread being on a diet changing your diet and sort of like a changing your lifestyle and all that sort of thing and actually uh on her web page called opra daily.com she was actually saying to a woman that was sort of like a writing about how she was managing her weight and that sort of thing and uh she said to her that uh basically you need to change your diet and yes definitely you have to to change your diet but what sort of diet should you actually have and what should it contain and should you take maybe some supplements in order to help you if you are a little bit older than just a teenager or some sort of a young person maybe you should and I will talk a little bit about that later but the thing is here that if opra she is having a diet where she will be piling on the pounds again and then need to go on smac TI and then kind of like go over and over that sort of vicious circle or the time then she is basically eating incorrectly and I know it might be that she will be eating a lot of salad and all that sort of thing and there is just that little thing about eating a lot of salads it makes you constantly have cravings and that is because you not eating something that is actually satisfying your body in the way it wants to be satisfied and I'm afraid that in order to satisfy your body the natural way the way we are evolved to and all that sort of thing you need to eat meat and you need to eat a animal fat and that sort of a thing and it's it might be that it's Politically Incorrect and it looks look nicer with a lot of um vegetables like salad and colorful fruits and eat all the fruits you like and all that sort of thing it sounds really really lovely but at the end of the day the body does not really care about what is politically correct and what isn't it just wants to have the right stuff in order to make it function best possible and now it is so that I have spoken before about what I eat and I try to avoid something like a carbohydrates sugar and that sort of thing do I like bread yes I do like bread but I just know that I don't need to eat it all the time and the thing is also when I'm eating as I normally do and that means meat for breakfast and some sort of a animal produce for for lunch and uh some sort of animal produce uh for for dinner then I don't really need to eat a lot of carbohydrates I don't have a craving for bread or anything like that and therefore if you are eating the correct way you won't have the sort of Cravings all the time so when some sort of like a dietician says that oh you need to eat all these sort of salads and fruits and vegetables and all that sort of thing and when you get this sort of like dip in the afternoon like 4 or 5:00 and you need a little bit pick me up sort of thing or then you can just eat a little bit of a handful of nuts and that sort of thing now the trick is if you eat as I do then you don't get those sort of dips at 4 or 5:00 or 3:00 or whenever it is because your body is simply just using your stored energy or what you have eaten for for breakfast in a slow fashion so you don't have these sort of like hunger pant and all that sort of things and that tells you that you are sort of like stimulating your body with the right sort of thing and just like shortly if you were uh in a jungle or in a wood or somewhere like that what sort of thing would you be able to eat certainly you would not be able to eat a lot of apples you would not have any sort of like fruit juice or anything like that most likely is it that you would have to run a mile or something like that and you have to to catch some sort of animal and when you have caught that animal you will be eating the liver the heart meat all the sort of organs that you can can eat and which are full of nutrients you would also eat a little bit of the fat and you would eat the meat of course but the thing is that there obviously there wouldn't be that much fat on an animal that you have C out in nature because it itself would have been running around in order to get its nutrients so its food itself so it would not be some sort of a fat lump that will be running out in in the wood and so therefore you would not be catching some sort of meat but there was a lot of fat out it anyway but there would be some sort of a fat on it and you would definitely not throw that away because you would never know when you would get any of it again but if you come back to the the drug then I think the drug is the mlo tide and that is basically something that is called glucagon like peptide one and that is something in the body that is uh telling your body that you are full so you don't want to eat more so when you are on this drug then there are people saying that they completely they they have lost their appetite and so that's a bit of maybe too much really don't enjoy food anymore and that I mean obviously that's too much because you should be able to enjoy a good stick or a glass of milk or or something like that lovely boiled eggs or or something like that you should have a a want to eat that but it shouldn't be like a constant Hunker for it it's just like something that comes to Gra actually so the thing with the magti is that it can completely sort of like take away your enjoyment with food and that is obviously not healthy either on a mental level so therefore if you are for example uh trying to boost your own production of uh glutone like peptide one then you can actually do that and that will sort of like the the point here is that if you are eating a lot of a carbohydrates a lot of sugar and that sort of thing then uh you will not get uh the right stuff into your body that will tell your body that it's uh it's full you can basically just keep eating eating eating and the more you do it the worse it gets so the point here is that if you come back to how you are actually evolved to eat then you won't have these sort of Cravings so what can you do in order to sort of like um stimulate your body to produce this glucon like peptide one well it is actually so that if you are taking something like an amino acid called the glycin and I spoken about glyzin before then you are actually stimulating your body to produce its own glucon like peptide one and that is basically what you want because if you're stimulating your body to produce something then usually there would be something like a mechanism in the other end that says now you know don't need to produce more of it so it sort of like it regulates itself but if you're just eating a lot of carbohydrates and a lot of sugar and then fruit juices and that sort of thing then you're simply just having your body is completely out of whack and it doesn't really know what to do anymore so it is important that if you are on something like a cacti that when you are on it then you don't really have these sort of food cravings but when you go off smac if you haven't changed your diet you would just pile on the pounds again and that is basically what I'm a little bit afraid that um o Winfrey she will do well basically what I'm afraid of is that she's telling the world that she will be using it to avoid the sort of yo-yo effect she would use the drug in that way and I think telling the world that so that people can just oh Oprah she is doing it so I will be doing it well it must be okay I I don't think it's okay you should take the time when you are smacy if you are smti in order to change your diet so that when you are off smac Tite then you have a control over your diet and how your body is working and as I said if you think that it's a lot about eating nuts and vegetables salads and that sort of thing fruit juices and whatever and when you are wrong because if you eat that sort of thing you will have these sort of like cravings and then the afternoon like 4: 5:00 you will sort of like have a slump and you just want some sort of quick energy and you might be eating some fruit and that sort of thing and yes there might be some vitamins in the fruits and that sort of thing it might be really great but there are also actually vitamins in animal produce I mean it might be not okay to say it but for example the liver is actually full of various vitamins so it is actually the organ that is one of those organs that contains most nutrients most nutrients is so dense sort of meat you can actually eat now you cannot eat that a whole lot of it every day that is not what I'm saying but I think that is something that you need to have in your diet in order to have a good health now there is another thing you can do and that is um something called a papa and you might have heard about that before for something like a supplement or people are talking about why they are taking that but here we actually talking about Papa in the way that that is again something you can produce yourself in the body and why do you want to produce that in your body well it is actually so that that is also something that will be stimulating your body into producing this glucagon like peptide one so if you both have glycin and you have power in your body then uh you are actually stimulating your body to to work as it's supposed to in relation to when you are feeling hungry and when you're not feeling hungry and that a sort of thing but how can you produce powera in your body yourself well there is actually another amino acid that is called glutamine and uh that is um it will be turned into glutamate in the body and vice versa but when it is a glutamate in the body then together with a vitamin called vitamin B6 then it would actually uh form Papa in your body so that way by taking something like a glycin and a glutamine and then uh vitamin B6 then you can actually stimulate your body quite well to uh produce this glucagon like peptide one and then therefore when you are eating a proper diet you will be getting those things through the diet and I'm pretty sure that um when you start to eat as I have described then you will not sort of like feel the hunger but also it is so that if you are a smac tide and would say maybe you shouldn't take glycon and that sort of thing together with it but it's something to have in mind that when you coming off a cacti then that is definitely something you could look into and start taking a as a supplement and I would say that if you are sort of like a young person maybe it should be enough to sort of like start just um changing your diet but before you sort of like do that then it might be a little bit sort of like daunting in order to go from eating a lot of carbohydrates and then just starting to eat just a lot of meat so I would say that there it could be a good idea maybe to at least take some of the gly because that will instantly help you to feel less hungry but if you are older so like me I am 48 now then I would say that something like a supplement that maybe is something that you should think about having in your daily um diet or something that you are are taking on a on a daily basis because when you are sort of like older than 30 years of age then there are things in the body that starts to not work that well anymore but one of the things with being larger so sort of like um I mean people don't like the the word OB be and that sort of thing but that is usually what we are calling and it might be some sort of a negative word or whatever but if you are larger than you would like to be then that can obviously happen both when you are a child and when you are a grown person but the thing is that if you are a younger person then maybe you shouldn't take that many sort of like a supplements I mean yes I can understand if you are very very large so that your doctor is saying that this is dangerous you need to do something straight away yes you can go on a Sy tide or something like that IL Lily they have their own product as well just come out with in I think was November last year and uh yes you can go on that but you need to think that this is not a long-term solution this is basically just so that you can have a break in order to find out how you should actually be eating so you can avoid getting larger when you are not on something like samcro side so it is so that if you're eating the way that I have spoken about today then I will say that you just sort of like get a sort of like a a natural uh feeling of not having this sort of a hunger thing and I think there was actually a sort of like um another program with Oprah Winfrey and she said that she had actually at some point had a thyroid issue and she went to the doctor and he had apparently said that she just needed to learn to embrace hunger no you should definitely not need to learn to embrace hunger because the whole point is that if you eating in the correct way you you don't have any sort of hunger it just comes gradually and then you are eating the correct food and then it goes away again it's it never really becomes a sort of a big issue it's more like oh yeah it's 6 7:00 maybe I should think about having some dinner because obviously I cannot starve myself why would I do that so it is sort of like you're more like thinking yes now it's it's breakfast time now it's lunch time now it's a dinner time but it's not something like oh yes I am so very hungry so isn't it can I just say that now it's lunch time or now it's dinner time I just eat a little bit early today then and then have a snack later no it basically is more like you have to think okay yeah I better eat something but I'm not really that hungry and again then you will be looking at what should you eat and then you would be eating something that would not give you some sort of like instant energy because you you're basically not hungry it's a bit like if you go out shopping and you're super hungry I mean you will be taking a lot of stuff that you shouldn't eat so the whole point is that is more likely that if you are not very hungry when you are about to eat like 6 or 7:00 for most people I guess and for dinner time then you will be taking some choices that are a lot healthier for your body so yes that was my little view on simac side or the drug as the opra she is talking about that I think you should be a little bit careful with using the drug uh to avoid yo-yoing you need if you go on the drug to make sure that you're changing your diet into something that I'm talking about because in my opinion that is something that will make you full uh the whole day long and you won't have these sort of a craving so um yes that was my little tip if you would like to um go on smacko side yes you can do that you just need to think about what are the consequences and what you do while you're on it in order to make sure that when you're off it you can still uh carry on and not pile on the pounds again and I would say that something like glycin and glutamine and then vitamin B6 that is definitely something you should look into so that your body can produce this uh glucon like peptide one on its own as it is designed to or evolve to as I like to say so yes if you like to see more of the sort of videos please subscribe to the bell and do things do notifi when I upload more of the sort of videos thank you for watching see you bye a

- 20 Protein Picks Behind Our 150 lb GLP-1 Weight Loss  - ALDI HAUL: Kind: captions Language: en Hello and welcome to the downsized. My name is Lorraine Durham and this is the channel where we talk about all things related to GLP1 weight loss. That's weight loss with medications like Ozimpic, WGO, Mjaro, Zepbound, Simlutide, and Trespatide. I've lost over 50 pounds on a GLP-1 medication and I'm here with my husband of 22 years, >> Christopher Durham. So, a number of you have said, "Hey, I miss your kitchen. You guys haven't done anything in your kitchen in a while. We were shopping today at the store. You know, we love to go to Aldi. Aldi. >> Aldi. We're at Aldi. >> And I thought, there's so much going on with protein in this store. And one of the most frequent questions we get from our viewers is, "How do I hit my protein goals? Give me some things, you know, show me what you guys do. >> Show me what you eat. What?" >> As you know, we don't do day in the life menus. We don't We're not dieticians. We're not nutritionists. >> We're not doctors, >> right? I like to cook, but I would never claim to be a chef. So, this is just kind of how we live. >> That's kind of why we're together. >> No, not really. Even Even after losing weight, I still like to eat. I enjoy eating. We just don't eat as much as we used to. >> I'm 100 pounds down. And basically, the way we have eaten over the last almost two years now, coming up on two years, is to focus on real whole foods as much as we possibly can. We're not perfect by any stretch of the imagination. So you will see some fast foods, some packaged foods every once in a while, but not very often. And then we add in protein supplements or does necessary and we just do the best we can. This is about living life. This is not about perfection. We do not ban any foods. We do not believe in any strict diet per se. >> We're not keto. We're not carnivore. >> We're not vegetarian. >> We're not nothing. We're just we eat all we eat all things. and try to focus on whole foods 80% of the time. >> If that's your thing, that's great. If it's working for you, this this is how we shop and what we do. We're also not doctors. So, if you're thinking about this GLP1 journey or if you have, you know, serious medical questions, please talk to your doctor about it. Make sure you get the right advice for you. And as always, please like and subscribe. Oh, yeah. We do appreciate >> it. Button before we get started, won't you? We'll wait. >> So, >> no, just kidding. On this GLP-1 adventure, we kind of focus on protein most of the time. We've been in maintenance now. How long have you been in maintenance, Loren? >> Uh, a year and a few months. >> And I've been, I don't know, 40, 50 weeks. I think I said it wrong the other day and somebody said, but you were I don't know. I don't have a spreadsheet. I'd have to go back and count >> as you and I think the viewer was right, but >> I'm sure they were. >> I would have to go back. You probably paid more attention to it than I did. Let's just kind of walk you through the protein choices we made at the grocery store. You know, I cook. Rain does not cook. >> I do not. I can make, you know, >> she can cook. She just doesn't, >> but he does the majority of cooking. >> Most of the time when I cook and we have time, it's going to be focused around a whole protein, yes, meat of some sort, adding a vegetable, and then a smaller amount of starch, carb, what have you. So you'll see this is kind of how this is built out. So we started with our fan favorite chicken breasts. >> Yeah, I like the better quality chicken at Aldi, the never never any raised without antibiotics, hormones, etc. There is a lower priced chicken, but I I just think this one tastes the best. So this is the one we get. >> Right. And then we have our to go with the chicken breast, we also have our classic eggs. >> Eggs. So for you, so for the five people who have actually watched the few cooking videos I have, one of them is on omelette. I love an omelette for lunch. I feel like it's an easy way for me to get in a lot of protein between that and I'll add, you know, a meat or something to it and it's and I like it. So it's it's easy for me. >> I'll also do like hard-boiled eggs on top of salad and we'll we'll go through. >> And we eat a lot of eggs. >> Yeah, we eat a lot of eggs. >> And then >> uh so I found this raw shrimp. So, this was in the meat section and it's fresh and it was not a bad price, I thought, for peeled, devained, and tail off shrimp. So, this is about.72. >> So, 3/4 of a pound. >> So, it's it's enough for for the two of us for dinner one night. We'll probably do that as like Well, I shouldn't talk cuz I'm not going to cook it. Probably like a stir fry or something. >> Yeah. maybe grill or but I mean we don't really fry anything. I'm not afraid of frying. I just don't do it often. It adds calories that we don't need. But maybe a stir fry or on the grill or who knows. Could be Asian, could be Mediterranean, could be Italian, you name it. Then we got a couple of different ground meat products. So, ground beef, you know, Lorraine's famous cheeseburger theory, right? Well, usually not a home cheeseburger, but no, we do eat we do eat cheeseburgers at home. Maybe once a month we'll make them at home. And we got some buns, too. But those are >> Yeah. And what I would tell you is in the buns, we don't even eat like fake high protein, low carb buns. What we're buying, what we're looking for is a better bun that has read the back of the pack of that. If you have get a better bun that has real wheat in it, it'll have protein in it, too. So, it's going to be a little bit better. Yes, it has carbs. Yes, it has calories, but >> but we need all those things. >> Honestly, you're not eating that much by better quality food. Then, I have a pack of ground pork. So, it's one pound of ground pork. I'm actually going to do some lettuce wraps with the ground pork. >> No one's done with that. >> That was also a recipe I made. if you want to go back and watch a lettuce wrap recipe, but super tasty. >> And then we've talked about the salmon before, but I know you s >> Yeah. I mean, we go through Aldi and a lot of times they'll have sales, so I saw these were 50% off. This is a lightly smoked salmon. It's raw, not frozen, ready to eat. And it was half off, so it was $4. Like, you can't beat that for almost a pound of salmon. And then this one was it's a Mediterranean herb salmon. We generally like to season things ourselves, but half off. This is $6, so for a pound of salmon, can't really beat that. And >> both of these, >> we'll do these in the air fryer. >> Yeah, there's actually recipes filmed for this as well. But I'll cut them in half because it'll be for each of us and then air season them. >> And if we have any leftover, we'll eat it for lunch. But that probably would just we'd probably eat >> and that piece is on the bigger side of that. >> Probably eat all that. >> All right. So, we focused on meat to begin with. And then, you know, lot lots of dairy products. >> Yeah. So, just for comparison, let me pull out of the fridge what I already have on hand. A lot of people, you know, drink milk. We like the Fair Life milk. It has in a cup 120 calories, 13 grams of protein. That's a lot of protein for a cup of milk. This is the Aldi version of the filtered milk. 120 calories, 14 grams of protein. So, you can see where they're trying to, you know, be a duplicate. And it's just as good. We like the protein content. So, >> what's the price difference? >> Yeah. >> Is it like half? >> You had to ask me that one, didn't you, Chris? Just ballpark a seat over here. I think the Fairlife milk is a little over $5 in store. This milk >> should have got out of readers, you know. >> One moment. Hold, please. >> A ballpark would have been fine, my love. >> Yeah, I I don't want a ballpark. $3.89. So, that's a great price for high protein milk right at your coffee. It would be a good idea to replace your milk with a high protein milk. get a little bit more protein in. Okay, let's continue. >> And then we have a brand new product that is also a Fair Life dupe. So, for those of you who love a Fair Life, and I don't know which one this specifically dupes, but the shakes. >> Yeah, the Fair Life shakes. So, and I don't have one of those to show you as a comparison, but this has 30 gram of protein, 160 calories, 2 g of fat, and four grams of carbs. So you can see it's, you know, it's portable, ready to drink. >> And this is one of the Fair Life dupes. >> That and that was a little bit more expensive cuz we know those Fair Life shakes are pricey, right? I think this was in the $7 range. I'll look while he taste tests. >> We haven't had it before. New and it's it's a new thing for Aldi. $6.89. 89. So that's kind of expensive for four >> ballpark. How much do the Fair Life ones cost? >> The Fair Life ones are probably twice that if I had to guess. What does it taste like? >> It's delicious. >> Tastes like chocolate milk. >> Yeah, >> it's Yeah, those are really good. And just to compare, if you want to grab the other protein shakes that we got at Aldi. Now, these are the Aldi protein shakes that I buy every time I'm at Aldi because they're a dupe of Where'd it go? Of Premier Protein. So, here's my Premier Protein Shake. I got a fourack of these at CVS. I think they were $12. And I got a Here's a fourack of the Elevation shakes. And I think they were [Music] I think they're 5.89. I can't find it on here, but I'm going to say 5.89. So, and if you compare the calories side by side, 160 calories, 160 calories, 30 gram of protein, 30 grams of protein, carbs four, carbs five, fat three, fat three. So, basically the same. I use these in my coffee every morning when we're not traveling. I just find I put about a third of it in my coffee. I get 10 grams of protein right off the bat. >> Now, these these babies since they are since they are more expensive, I'd probably just And they taste a little bit better. I'd probably just drink these straight up. >> Take them with you like after the gym or something if you need a protein snack after your workout. But anyway, there's All right, >> these out of the way. >> So, we start to get into some of the the Oh, we've got some more dairy here. >> Oh, all right. So, it's fall and all the fall pumpkin apple flavors are coming out all over the place, right? And though I'm not going to spend my calories on a pumpkin spice latte at Starbucks, I do like pumpkin spice yogurt. So, this is the Chobani pumpkin spice yogurt. This is Greek yogurt. It's not lowfat. It's just their regular strength yogurt. 130 calories, 2.5 grams of fat. Carbs are 14. Protein is 11. So, this would make a fine afterworkout snack or after work afternoon snack. I got three of them because I like them and my daughter likes them and he won't eat them. >> No, I'm I'm not a pumpkin spice. I don't hate it. I mean, and the interesting thing to note, so while Aldi has about 90 to 95% of their own brands, so Aldi private label brands, they do periodically have branded products. So like the Chobani pops up. >> You these aren't always there. No, they usually have one in our Aldi, they usually have one flavor of Chobani that kind of rotates. Now these I haven't seen in Aldi before. This is the Greek yogurt light and fit Dan and Light and Fit caramel apple pie. Look how delicious that looks. So, I mean, who doesn't like apple pie? So, if you're watching your calories, >> it's a picture of apple pie and there's going to be goo in there. >> Looks delicious. So, if you're watching your calories, this is a better option because there's only 80 calories there. The carbs are nine, the protein is 12, fat is zero. So, if you're really like in that weight loss mode and maybe you just need, you know, something to throw in your bag for lunch at work, this would be a great a great choice. I got two of these, one for me, one for my daughter. Again, he will not eat them. And then we got, now this is more on the treat kind of side. Now, this is Chobani Creations. So, these are more like a dessert kind of yogurt. So, you know, sometimes we're craving a dessert, but we're I'm not going to eat an apple pie alam mode, right? This is called apple pie alam mode. It's got like the apple pie filling on the bottom. It's a little bit more calories, 170 calories. Fat is six, carbs are 20, protein is 10. So, if I'm like, you know, I'd really like some apple pie, but I really want to stick to my plan, but I maybe I still want a little treat, this is a great choice. Got two of those. And that's our yogurts. I I love yogurt. And there's yogurts in my refrigerator. These luckily will last, you know, you What's the bud date on the yogurts? This one's November 9th. This one's November 7th. >> Tell them what today is. Oh, today's September the 20th. So, yeah, I got I got a good month to eat on these. October 4th. Leak these first. >> Then we have brand. We've never seen these in stores. They had a couple of different flavors. Protein 20. >> I am not a fan of the protein waters. Read the stats on that. >> Okay, so serving size is one bottle. You know, it's always disturbing when it says like serving size 17. A half a bottle or no servings per container are four. No, >> calories 70, fat zero, sodium 10%. Total carbohydrates six grams, protein 15 g, potassium 1110 milligrams, vitamin B6 1.87 milligrams, magnesium 20 milligrams. So, you know, some stuff. I'm generally not a fan of just Kool-Aid type products, but >> no. And I Oh, here it is. This was $29. So, what for 20 grams of protein? >> It's very cherry smelling, which for those of us of a certain age who grew up in the 80s and 90s. >> Yeah, cherry is cherry is very reminiscent of >> those Luden's cough drops that weren't cough drops at all, but we could eat them in class cuz they said cough drops on them. >> It doesn't taste bad, but it it does it like triggers every I did. Yes, my love. Thank you. >> It triggers every bit of like eight-year-old taking cough syrup to me. >> No, thank you. No, thank you. So, if you like It's not bad. If you like cherry, that might be your thing. They also had a mango peach. >> It's spilling. It's not closed. >> Well, just set it down. >> Yep. I mean, I'd much rather have a chocolate protein drink versus that. But, you know what? If you don't like milk or milk products or you you like that better, it's an option, right? >> Your protein pancake and waffle mix. >> I'll do protein pancake and waffle mix. Now, 15 grams of protein per serving. You can make pancakes or waffles out of this. In a half a cup of dry mix, 220 calories. Fat is 2.5. Carbs are 36. Fiber is five. Ding ding ding. And protein is 15. We don't eat this all the time. In fact, I said to Christopher, I think we have some of this at home, but occasionally we will make pancakes maybe for dinner or on the weekend. And if you can find a protein mix that you like. >> So, this is a dup. This is a dupe of the Kodiak one. Would not shock me if Kodiak actually makes this. A lot of all these products are made by the by the branded piece. >> I don't eat any of this stuff to be quite frank. I think it tastes like cardboard and despair. >> All right, there you go. I mean, it's it's it's it's fine. Probably if I saw he was picking it up, I would say we have that already. But we do have some on hand. Sometimes I just want what I want. You know what I mean? What else? >> Well, we have deli meat. >> Jojo. Jojo's joining that. We have deli meat, which is ham is all it is. Honestly, when I'm making omelets, a lot of times I'll put ham or I'll make a, you know, ham and cheese sandwich or something like that. So, >> yeah. Did you say omelets is you put in a lot of times? >> Oh, they had these today. They don't usually have them. These are Built Puff protein bars. These are super yummy. They're not cheap. They're not cheap, but they are delicious. How much did they cost, you say? I don't remember. But they were less than Built Bars. Seven. No, Built Bar. $8.79. So that's four bars for $8.79. >> And what flavors did you >> I have a lot. This one is the brownie batter and this one is the cookie dough chunk. I have bought these online. I don't think I've I think they I've seen them in Target maybe in Harris territory store. And I've also bought these online. They're delicious. They're kind of like, you know, a Three Musketeers bar, like the squishy part. That's this only it's a little bit >> It's a very unusual texture. >> It's a little bit denser. So, this one has 17 grams of protein, fat is 2.5, carbs are 14, protein 17, 140 calories. So, these are good. Like if you have never tried these and you like protein bars, I would say try these. This one has 15 grams of protein. Carbs are 19, fat is 3.5, calories are 160. I I like them a lot. >> The the other end of the spectrum is the Milville protein. Yeah, I tend to like these. These are more a little treat, so it's like 200 calories for a bar. So, you know, not low calorie by any stretch of the imagination. It's got 10 grams of protein per thing. Peanut, dark chocolate, and almond. I don't have a 10. This is a completely manufactured in a factory by some alien being that created >> delicious. >> However, that texture, this is real stuff mushed together. >> Yeah, this is similar to a Nature Valley protein granola bar. So, this you get five bars for 2.85. I mean, you really can't beat that. This is great also if your kid can eat, you know, nuts. They had some that didn't have nuts. >> It's a good kid snack. This one has 200. Did you say nuts? Okay. Yeah. So, you know, if you're just buying plain granola bars, maybe swap it for something with some protein in it. >> And I don't snack really and I don't eat breakfast. So, every once in a while for flying or something, I'll throw one in my bag. It's nice to have. >> Right. We're down to our final two items of the protein things. One that's strictly not a protein thing, but that has more protein than most people think is that we don't eat much pasta, honestly. But I don't have a tendency to really like the bean pastas and the added pastas. >> Oh, the pastas with the added protein are made out of something. >> It just I would I would rather not eat pasta than eat those. So, virtually every retailer in America has their own private brand. Usually at the premium level, Kroger has it, Food Lion has it, Albertson's, you have >> other brands or our other business. >> Our other business. So this one's from Aldi. Specially select organic cavatopy. What you look for though is that they're actually produ produced in Italy. And the key there is is you're getting real Italian flour. And when you look at it, >> all of a sudden this per serving has seven grams of protein in it. >> Now that's a lot. >> Yeah. So, it's not a high protein piece by any means, but as a swap for >> what Americans usually buy, which is a 79 cent box of pasta >> that has really no nutritional value, but it's delicious. This honestly tastes better. The wheat tastes better, the ingredients taste better, and you're getting some protein than if you just eat a regular portion to measure out your portion. It's >> It's not the worst thing in the world. Now, there's all you out there going, "I don't eat carbs, blah blah." >> If you don't eat carbs, >> okay, >> God bless. We don't judge, right? You eat what what's good for you. I like my carbs. >> And then we go into I always think when we eat so much protein, part of that causes constipation and we got to get more fiber, we got to get more things. So, >> well, I didn't read the fiber on the >> Yeah. Actually, Spencer Nadski, the doctor, did a Tik Tok the other day all talking about fiber and I'm like, absolutely, Spencer, you're right there. >> There's no fiber. >> No. So, beans are very inexpensive, canned beans, and there's protein and there's fiber and there's other things. Now, is it a high super protein thing? No. But it's also not a high calorie thing, and it's a good addition to a meal. >> Yeah, these are their organic black beans. I think they're less than a dollar a can. And in a half a cup, there's Well, there's 3.5 servings per container. So, in a half a cup, you're getting seven grams of protein and fiber is eight for 110 calories. So, I like that fiber equation. >> And so, like we I have a can of black beans, a can of great northern beans, actually two cans of black beans, but great northern beans, the good thing about is their flavor is very, very neutral. So if you want to thicken something, you can actually put these in the blender and put it in a soup or a sauce or something and >> you have it all the time and you just don't know it. >> Sounds gross. >> And it brings protein to and it doesn't really taste like anything. It's just >> Well, and what I was thinking is I saw on Instagram or something the other day somebody was making like a like a a bean corn cucumber kind of like salad kind of thing. So I wanted to get put that together. So, I'm going to take some black beans and some not these garbanzo some garbo garbanzo beans, which we already have, and some >> Well, so we also have our produce and Yeah. And kind of mix all that up and keep it. There's something else that goes in that in there, too. Probably like >> onions or peppers or something. >> Onions. Yeah. So I I I want to do put things together early in the week that I can eat on like for lunch or you know aside with dinner or that's just like available in the refrigerator. >> And then so we bought all this protein stuff, right? Well, as we said, we don't block out any other. So we actually want to eat protein and produce. So we wanted to show you the produce as well. >> Produce. Oh, so I thought these were really interesting looking. These are golden kiwis. >> They don't usually have the They usually have like the regular kiwis, but these are the gold kiwis. And in one kiwi, there's 100 calories and two grams of protein. Huh? Fruit with protein. What? And the fiber is good in these, too. I think the fiber is two grams. And I have been reading Jana. Oh, I forget >> Janna the dietitians. >> Janna, she's a dietitian. She has a new book coming out. We're going to do a interview and a book review with her. And she mentions one of her tips in her book is Kiwis for constipation. And y'all know I'm always constipated, so I'm always looking for for things to help with that. So, I got these golden kiwis because I thought, "Oh, these are fun." And they're different than the green. Kiwis are kind of a pain to peel. You kind of have to scoop them out, but it's worth it. >> What else you got there? >> What else we got here? Well, we got strawberries because I thought these looked especially good. They smell good. Christopher's allergic, so >> it's going to be a hard pass for me. >> He can't handle these. But I think these were like $2.89. Aldi has the best prices on produce. So, I got strawberries. I also got some blueberries. Now, I'll either eat these by themselves or I might throw them into yogurt. Probably none of these flavors. Maybe I have some plain yogurt in there, some vanilla yogurt. I'll also throw these on top of my Kashi cereal in the morning. Maybe just a handful just to get some vitamin C and fiber going in there. I love And they're also a great price at Aldi. Strawberries and blueberries. Got some bananas, too. They They went away. I got a whole thing of bananas for like a dollar wherever the bananas went. But anyway, I got a whole bunch. They were a dollar. Okay. What else, Christopher? >> Well, the rest of the stuff >> you want top. >> Got some button white mushrooms. We She loves mushrooms, so we cook a lot with mushrooms all the time. >> Throw it in a stir fry, >> air fry them, you name it. We do all kinds of stuff. An extra can of corn just because it's nice to have canned vegetables around. We have the same in my bean. >> Yep. thing. >> It has the same nutritional value as the fresh corn we got. >> Oh, we also got fresh corn. >> And honestly, >> it just looked good. >> We're We're at the end of the season, so we'll see how well this is. You know, fresh corn tastes so delicious when you're right there in season. And >> as you get out, you're shipping it from around the world. It's not quite as good. And some cauliflower. Again, we love to I'll chop this up and air fry it. A little bit of seasoning. >> A lot of seasoning. It's >> Yeah, it's delicious. I got some baby spinach because I want to do like some spinach salad. I want to do I'll take a handful of spinach and throw it in an omelette is good. Sometimes I'll take a handful of spinach and throw it in a protein shake if I'm mixing one with powder, you know, in the blender. It just kind of mixes in. You don't really even taste it, but you get a little bit extra nutrition. >> So, spinach is is honestly you could put it in a lot of stuff. >> It's really versatile. Also got some mini cucumbers. I like the little ones cuz I just use one. I don't have to like save the, you know, like half. And I just use one and it's good. >> And some Roma. >> And some Roma because he's making those >> lettuce wraps. >> Lettuce wraps. Okay. >> And I guess is that it? >> That is it. >> That's all. >> So yeah, that's our protein focused haul for you from Aldi this week. Now, we're not sponsored by Aldi. Aldi, if you want to reach out, please give us a call. Happy to chat. Yeah, >> but >> this is really 20 things to help you get protein in your diet during the week. And they're all easy to buy. Every grocery store in America will have some variation of this. >> Right. Right. >> Nothing hard to make here. So, >> no. And if you like our shirt and his hat, people tell say to us all the time in the comments and in emails, you should have your own downsized clothing line. And I say, well, we do. If you look down below our video and then go down below the description, you'll see our spring store where we've got tank tops, hats, and a few other >> water bottles, miscellaneous fun items if you'd like to check that out. >> So, yep. >> What else, Christopher? >> I think that's it. >> Okay. >> Well, thank you for joining us for this haul in our kitchen. Again, let us know what you think. Let us know what you like to buy to add to your protein each week. We're always happy to hear what >> we forget suggestions we forgot. If there's something we forgot that you buy every week, put it in the comments. We'd love to know. >> Absolutely. My name is Christopher Durham. >> I'm Lorraine Durham. >> Like and subscribe. >> So serious. >> I know. >> Thanks. Thanks for watching. Bye.

- Doctor Reveals the Best Peptide Stack for Weight Loss in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en There's a peptide stack that's changing the game for weight loss in 2026. And most people will never use it. Not because they can't get it. That's easier nowadays, but because they're too busy chasing the strongest peptide instead of the right one or ones for that matter. The results that we're getting in our clinic don't come from the most powerful peptide stacks or even the power most powerful peptide you probably heard already at time. [music] They come from a stack that almost nobody online is talking about because it requires you to think about your body in a completely different manner. And here's what concerns me. The people who are combining peptides the wrong way, [music] they aren't just wasting money. They're actually making their next step significantly more challenging because the wrong peptide or peptide stack at the wrong time can work against what your body needs. I'm Dr. Jones DC and I lead the coaching department at our nationwide GLP-1 and peptide clinic where I work alongside our prescribing physicians on peptide plans every single day. I've personally lost over 100 lbs myself and I coach thousands of patients through this exact process. [music] So today I'm going to show you the peptide stacks that are actually working, not the ones that are trending. I'm going to show you why the order you stack in matters more than the peptides themselves so that you stop wasting money on the wrong sequence. But first, let me show you why you're probably confused in the first place. Because this really isn't your fault. And I think once you understand this, [music] you're going to have a better idea of why most stacks fail before people even start. Here's what's actually happening out there right now. You go to Reddit, you go somewhere online, and somebody swears by a peptide stack. You open up TikTok, and completely different peptides are trending. Your friend tried something else and lost 20 lbs. And now you're wondering what the hell you should be doing. You see, the problem isn't that you haven't done your research. The problem is that the more research you do, the more confused you get because nobody online really agrees on anything. It's the freaking wild wild west out there. And it gets worse. Most people don't even know the difference between switching peptides, swapping back and forth between them, and actually how to properly stack them. You see, these are three completely different strategies. And when someone online says, "I stacked these two when I lost weight," you have no idea what they actually did. But here's what really bothers me. Peptide stack culture, it's starting to shift. It used to be real people sharing real experiences. And now half of what you're reading online feels more like a product guide than a genuine conversation. And that trust gap, it's getting wider every single day. So you're stuck in this loop trying to figure out what works, reading conflicting information. And the whole time you're either doing nothing because you're paralyzed or you're spending money on a stack that might be targeting the completely wrong thing. And that's exactly how people end up doing everything and still going nowhere. And that brings us to the real question. If chasing the strongest peptide isn't the answer, then what should you actually be optimizing for? Because it's not what you think. You see, the mistake that almost everybody makes with peptides is they go online and they ask, "What's the strongest one?" As if how strong it is is actually going to determine the results. But in many cases, it's not. The internet has trained you to think about peptides like horsepower. more power, more results. But that's not exactly how the body works. So, let me give you a quick example. Let's say you find the most powerful fat mobilizing peptide on the planet, meaning it helps unlock stored body fat. It's incredible at unlocking stored body fat, but your appetite is completely out of control. You're overeating every single day. So, what happens? That mobilized fat just gets stored right back. You spent the money, you took the injections, and you went nowhere. That's not a peptide problem. That's an order problem. You see, you targeted the wrong system first. So, let me show you the simple framework that we use so that you always know what comes first and what comes second. This is what I see in our clinic constantly. Patients come in already on two or three peptides, spending hundreds of dollars a month, and when you look at what they're actually taking, they skip the foundation entirely. So, strength is the wrong measure. The right measure is fit. Which peptide fits the system in your body that's actually struggling? Now, by the way, if this is making you realize that your current stack might be targeting the wrong system, this is why we offer our free discovery calls where our patient advocates can actually help you figure out which system needs attention first. You can either text number on the screen or you can check out the link in the description if you want to explore that. But first, let me show you the simple system that makes this really easy. And it's probably not what you've been told online. So, if strength isn't the answer, what is? And here's what we figured out working with thousands of patients on peptide protocols. Your body doesn't lose weight through a single system. It loses weight and oversimplified through three main systems and they have to work in a specific order and you skip one and the others can't get their job done. So system numero uno is your appetite foundation. If you can't control what's going in, nothing else matters. That's the entry point and a lot of you already have this handled with your GLP1 medications, but not everybody does. And then system two is fat mobilization, meaning unlocking stored body fat. This is the one most people have never heard of. Your body can be burning calories and still not tapping into stored fat because with insulin resistance driven by inflammation and cortisol, the fat feels locked inside the cells. System two is about unlocking it. Okay? And now system three is metabolic enhancement, meaning helping your body burn more energy. This is where you can accelerate the burn, but only after your appetite is locked in and after your fat is mobilized. Do this out of order and you're flooring the gas on a car that's stuck in the freaking park. You see, that's the framework. Appetite, mobilization, and then enhancement. One, two, three in that order. And there are specific peptides that match each system. And that's what makes this a stack and not just a random combination of whatever is trending. So, I'm going to map this entire thing out for you, each peptide, how they work, so that you know exactly what to do in your journey. Now, here's why this matters. You see, most people online are grabbing peptides from all of these systems at random or worse, they're loading up on system 3 when their system one isn't even handled yet, and then they're wondering why nothing's working. By the way, quick question. If this framework is starting to click for you and you're already rethinking how you've been approaching peptides, hit that subscribe button right now because we put out four videos per week breaking down the exact peptide strategies and weight loss protocols and health optimization things just like this and we get really practical and walk through each system so that you can implement these strategies right away. Okay, so let's get into system number one, the appetite foundation. Nothing else in this video matters if this isn't locked down first. Now a lot of you watching are already on GLP1s like some aglutite osepic wagi monaro zeppbound maybe redutype. If you've got appetite control not necessarily zero hunger and your food noise is quiet then congratulations your system one is handled you can move straight to system two. But if that's not you if you're not on a GLP1 or you can't tolerate one and your appetite is still not where it needs to be. You tend to eat more junk food more often than you'd like. You try to implement and some days you're good but most days you're not. That's a problem. So we have other options for you. Besides GLP1s, we have tessoof fencing. It's an oral non- injection medication. Originally it was investigated for Parkinson's and Alzheimer's trials. And researchers discovered that weight loss was just an amazing side effect. You see, it blocks your brain from reabsorbing three key chemicals, norepinephrine, serotonin, and dopamine. So those levels increase. Now, here's why that matters. You see, most appetite peptides only to address physical hunger. Your stomach is growling. In clinical studies, tesopenine has been shown to affect appetite sensations like feeling full. And in some patients, from personal reports, they say it helps quiet the food shutter. The constant mental noise around eating, that's what makes it different. In my opinion, it's the only appetite suppression that works in parallels GLP1's. Not quite as strong, but as close as you're going to get. So, how do you really know, as simple as it sounds, if system number one is handled? Simple. If you can go through your day without food dominating your thoughts, if you can fast without white knuckling it, you're good. If not, then this is where you need to start. And this exactly the kind of thing that we screen and personalize with our prescribing team. Okay. System number two, fat mobilization. Now that appetite is handled, this is where it gets really interesting because this is the system that most people miss completely and it's the reason so many perfect diets stall. You see, here's the problem I see all the time in our clinic. Patient comes in eating right, fasting, weight training, doing the whole thing, right? And fat, you see, won't budge no matter what they do, especially around the midsection. And then they're thinking, why is this working? Why am I failing? You see, the fat, it's locked down. So, let me explain what I mean. And this part matters dramatically. So pay attention with me. I'll try to break it down so it makes sense. When your insulin levels are high all the time, which happens with many cases like insulin resistance, PCOS, menopause, metabolic syndrome, insulin is actively telling your fat cells to [snorts] hold on to the stored fat. It's literally blocking the exit door. So even when you're eating fewer calories than you burn, your body struggles to tap into the fuel. Now, research has proven that you will still lose weight short term, the same amount regardless of whether controlling for insulin, but that is short-lived when you don't control for insulin. That's the reason why those randomized control trials that you might be thinking of right now saying, "Hey, Dr. Jones, calories, it doesn't matter what you eat as long as calories are controlled, why those studies don't matter in the real world when you are struggling with high levels of insulin." [music] You look, if you're David Gogggins, that's fantastic. But most people, they don't have enough mental effort to deal with life and the diet thing and get it all managed properly that they need a little help. And if you control the insulin levels, it's like telling your body, "Hey, work with me, homie. Stop working against me." That's what we're trying to do. We're trying to make the body compliant. And controlling insulin is going to do that. So, this is where one of my favorite peptides comes into play. AODD9604. See, AODD is a small piece of the human growth hormone molecule, specifically the fat loss portion. Now, in animal studies, it's been associated with increased fat oxidation and lipolysis. This is the using of fat for energy and the breaking it down. Think of it this way. Insulin is the lock keeping your fat stuck. And AOD appears to help turn that lock open. But here's what most people get wrong about AODD. They think it burns fat, right? It's a fat burner. It gets put in this ubiquitous category of fat burners, but it doesn't burn fat. It mobilizes it. It unlocks it. It makes it available for your body to use as fuel. That's a massive difference. Mobilization without burning just means fat floats around and it gets stored again. Burning without mobilization means that your body can't tap into the fat and now it has to raise stress hormones to get the job done. And this is why AOD paired with fasting is a total game changer. When you take AODD during a fasting window, insulin is already low from the fast and now AOD is actively unlocking fat cells. On top of that, your body gets access to stored fat that it couldn't touch before. That means stress levels are lower during the fast. That means stress sensitive people can handle and tolerate and get the benefits of a therapeutic fast. I'm telling you right now all the amazing things you heard about fasting. They're true, but they get mirrored and and bothered and impacted by the negative impacts that you also hear about fasting. I'm telling you right now, that's what it is. It's the stress induced in individual stress sensitive patients. And AOD bridges the gap to make it less stressful for those individuals. Now, for our PCOS ladies and even our menopausal ladies, I'm telling you right now, insulin resistance and inflammation is dominating it. This is the peptide because these are the people whose fat feels literally stuck. They've been told to eat less, move more, and it hasn't worked because the problem was never the effort. In most cases, the problem was tapping into it. It was this tier 2 that I'm talking about fat mobilization. Now, quick warning here. You might see a peptide called adipotide floating around online for fat loss. Stay the hell away from it, please. It shows promise. A very strong fat burning compound. It literally blows up fat cells. Sounds amazing, right? Yeah. Let's blow up your fat cells. I want to blow up some fat cells until I find out the safety concerns. Potential kidney issues. See, it was developed and had a rocky path and they ended up having to stopping trials because it wasn't just blowing up fat cells, it was blowing up actual tissues. That's not a good thing. Now, with that being said, I want to be transparent here. AODD doesn't have the big human randomized control trials, probably never will. And doctors prescribe it, sometimes complain that it doesn't work that well, and a lot of people say the same thing. But I'm telling you, it's because they don't understand the difference between mobilization versus fat burning. Two different components. All three of them are needed to eventually get to burning. And if you are one of those PCOS menopausal patients and you want me to do a complete video on AODD9604 specifically combined with fasting for hormonal-based weight loss issues, let me know in the comments if that would be helpful to you. Okay, system three, metabolic enhancement. This is where you can accelerate the burn, but it comes with a catch that almost nobody talks about. The best peptide changes depending on what phase you're in. There are two main peptides for metabolic enhancement. And if you're using the wrong one in the wrong phase, it doesn't just waste your money. It can actually backfire. See, the difference comes down to one question. What phase is your metabolism in right now? Which one are you in? Let me know in the comments. You should have a better idea of where you're stuck. You see, because your metabolism is either in a reset phase or a healthy phase, but most people have no idea which one they're in, and that's where they stack the wrong way. So, let me break it all down for you so it makes a lot of sense. If you have been dieting hard, restricting calories, your energy has tanked, and your weight loss has completely stalled, your metabolism is probably downregulated, meaning it's slowed down. It's adapted. Researchers call this metabolic adaption. I call it starvation mode because you've been barely eating, meaning your body starts burning fewer calories in an effort to protect itself. That means you're in a reset phase. You need to eat more strategically to restore metabolic function before you try to accelerate anything. And during that reset phase, there are peptides that you can take. For example, sloop 332. It's been studied as a potential exercise mimetic, meaning it may copy some of the benefits of exercise, but it doesn't drive that EMPK pathway that you'd want to avoid when you're trying to increase calories. AMPK pathway, that's calorie deficit. You're trying to get out of that. Sloop 332 gives you exercise benefits, [music] mitochondrial biogenesis. It improves mitochondrial function without driving that pathway that you want to avoid because that'll prevent you from coming out of that starvation mode to begin with. Sloop 332, it's a newer peptide, newer compound. The data is primarily animal studies, but doctors are prescribing it to select patients and in our clinic, we see patients during their reset phase reporting better energy, better recovery, and smoother transitions back into their real fat loss phase. And some of them are even using losing fat during the reset because of this compound. Now, here's where the timing revelation matters. Once your metabolism is healthy, your energy is back, your hormones are stabilizing, you're eating at a maintenance, meaning enough calories to keep your weight steady, you're feeling good, that's when you can switch to the real gamechanging compound, 0304. See, 0304 activates something that we talked about earlier called AMK. [music] Think of it as a master switch that helps your cells make the use of energy, flips a switch. When AMPK is activated, your body ramps up fat burning, energy production. And 0304 actually has been in human trials, even a phase 2 trial, which is hard to find in peptides. Another reason why I like this peptide is because it's oral, so it's easy to take. Now, another one that you probably have heard of is called Miy, which is generating excitement in the research community because it also works through the AMPK pathway. Same concept, different delivery. Both work after your metabolism is already healthy to essentially speed it up. So, you could take one or the other. Now, here's the mistake that will cost you. If you take 0304 or M C during a reset, which I see people do all the time. When your metabolism is damaged, slowed down. You're flooring the gas pedal on a broken engine. You're demanding more output from a system that can barely function. That's not enhancement. That is burnout. That'll drain your adrenals too as well. Cortisol levels will rise. It won't be a good thing. So, system number three is simple. Resetting done. Sloop 332. Healthy metabolism check. Now, let's add 0304 or MASI. Timing determines the peptide, not the other way around. Now, there's one more layer that I want to slip in here that most people forget entirely, and it's still part of the stacking. Because if you miss this one, you can do everything else right, and you're still going to hate your end results. You see, when you lose weight, especially on GLP-1 medications or peptides, you don't just lose fat. In some saglutide studies, researchers actually found that a meaningful portion of weight loss, sometimes reported as high as 40%, came from lean mass. That's mostly muscle and other non-fat tissue. Now, this varies based on the protocol, protein intake, and resistance training performed. How they lift weights, right? But muscle is what keeps your metabolism running. You lose too much of it, and you're setting yourself up for a plateau, regain, and that skinny fat look that nobody wants. Now, the first line of defense is protein. If you're not hitting adequate protein every single day, no peptide is going to save your muscle. This is foundational. And in our clinic, we make sure every patient's getting in about one gram [music] per pound of target body weight. We got to get that dialed in before we talk about anything else. It's the ROI is easy. Just eat more protein. It's so simple. But even with protein locked in, you see, there's a peptide combination that makes muscle preservation significantly better. And I like to introduce CJC 1295. This will help your body release more of its own growth hormone. They signal your pituitary gland, which is a small gland in your brain to release more of it. CJC is like the gas pedal stimulating growth hormone release. IMelin is like releasing the break. Together, they create a stronger, more natural burst of growth hormone levels. And the benefits go way beyond just muscle. Patients in our clinic report better fat mobilization, faster recovery, improved sleep. It's not just a muscle peptide. It is a full body optimization peptide. You've probably heard of HGH being called the fountain of youth. Now, one important detail. If you want to add CJC, make sure you do without DAC. The NOD DAC version wears off faster, and some clinicians prefer that. And we will only use the N DAC because it mimics a more natural pulse pattern. The DAC version has a longer duration, significantly longer. So, you get the side effects much longer and it takes much longer to resolve and get out of your system. And some clinicians theorize that pushing the signal non-stop could potentially make your body less responsive over time and maybe drive some of those unwanted pathways is something to stay away from. You can get phenomenal results using the NOTAC version as long as you optimize your lifestyle at the same time. Now, here's what makes CJC IPA unique in the stack. You can layer it at any phase. System 1, system 2, system 3, it really doesn't matter. Protein plus CJC IPA is your insurance policy against muscle loss throughout this entire process. So, let me put this whole stack together for you. This is the protocol start to finish. This is the part of the video that you're going to want to save and pay attention to so that you can come back to it and then use this in your own fat loss protocols. Okay. Phase one, lock your appetite in. If you're on a GLP-1 and you're doing good, that's fantastic. If you're not, you can't tolerate it, tessentine is your oral option. Get system one under control. Phase two, add in something like AOD9604. Start intermittent fasting and therapeutic fasting. This will unlock stored fat, especially if you're insulin resistant, dealing with PCOS or in menopause. This is where fat starts moving. Also, inflammatory and autoimmune conditions. And then there's phase three, metabolic enhancement. Now, if you're in a reset, sloop 332 to the rebuild. If your metabolism is already healthy, you're not you've not been undereating, 0304 or M will accelerate the fat loss. And throughout all of this, you need adequate protein. And if you need to boost muscle mass besides testosterone optimization, the best peptide stack is going to be CJC1295 or tessammoralin too. We didn't have time to talk about that one, but that's also another powerful growth hormone peptide that I like. Now, quick question before I show you the three stacking mistakes that I see consistently in our clinic. Which system do you think is your bottleneck right now? Is it one, two, or three? Let me know in the comments and I'll jump in and respond with personally the issues that we see our patients struggling with. So, here are the three stacking mistakes that I see constantly in our clinic. And fixing just one of these can change your entire trajectory. Mistake number one, adding AOD before your appetite is controlled. If you're overeating, mobilized fat just gets stored right back in. System one has to come first. Mistake number two, using 0304 or M C for that matter during the reset instead of after. You're pushing a damaged engine all harder and you're telling it. You're It's like uh what do they say? Kicking somebody when they're down. Don't do that. Using sloop 332 after the reset instead of before when sloop 32 is the only opportunity that you have during the reset to get the job done. So make sure you put those at the right time. And then mistake number three, chasing the strongest peptide without knowing your bottleneck. And if you don't know which system is broken and guessing with peptides, it's not dangerous. It's it's just really expensive. Now, look, if you're sitting here realizing that you don't know which system is your bottleneck, or you're unsure which peptides are right for your specific situation, or you need help with dosing timing and how to layer this based on your conditions, that's exactly what we help people with every single day. You can either text number on the screen or you can check out the link in the description and you'll get to speak with one of our patient advocates. They're going to get to know your history, what you've already tried, and what your long-term goals are. You'll get a feel for what it's like to work with me, our coaches, our medical team, and they're going to walk through programs and pricing so that you can see exactly what long-term success with us could potentially look like. Now, weight loss and fat loss starts with what you put into your body. So, if you haven't already, check out this video right here where I break down the top 20 groceries that everybody should have in their kitchen right now. So, go watch that video next. We'll see you guys later.

- Protein, Fiber, Bolied Eggs..Sounds like Ozempic is part of her “Weight Loss Journey”: Kind: captions Language: en Oh, this is cool. There's We're actually standing under a gazebo. Someone just opened it. It has slacks in it. That's cool. They also have a water feature here. Oh, this is cool. There's We're actually standing under a gazebo. Someone just opened it. It has slacks in it. That's cool. They also have a water feature here. Water. Fiber needs water to be able to move through or else it will like become [music] a fibrous mass in your digestive system will make the constipation worse. Protein protein protein very very I want to get a few preconvenient options. If purchasing some convenience items helps me reach my goals of not increasing my blood sugar, then that's what I'm going to have to do right now. I'm going to get these and I'm just going to throw these on the grill. Oh, it is petite Roma hearts versus just traditional Roma hearts. I'm going to go with this this time. I'm still trying to eat high protein, lower carb to keep my blood sugar under control. 17 g of protein for convenience, high protein option. It's $9.99 for hard-boiled eggs. We are going to use that as easy postpartum convenient meal prep, high protein, and we'll see how that goes. Beans don't seem to affect my blood sugar, so I can enjoy those. And they have protein and fiber in them. And I think that's everything that I can get here at Costco. If you're with me during my pregnancy, I had gestational diabetes and I wore a continuous blood glucose monitor and that really helped me keep my blood sugar under control during my pregnancy. [music] But it rose pie with an almond paste, cranberry curd with a oatmeal crust, and marcapone whipped cream flaky crust. >> You can really get both the almond and the >> very good. >> I think that's great. >> I'm excited about this one. >> Whatever the cream some plate or sampler sampler plate >> like that. No. That's wonderful. The the cream on top. What is this? This icing. Yep. >> Sugar in the dough as opposed to brown sugar. >> Sit down and eat a whole one. >> You'd have to take a nap. >> Yeah, >> man. They're all good. >> But now that I am postpartum, [music] I unfortunately am still struggling with keeping my blood sugar under control. Show you the chocolate that I'm getting for myself. I like to eat a little bit of chocolate every night. So, it's 11 carbs for half the bar with four g of fiber, which is kind of interesting. So, it's net, what is that? I don't know. 11 - 4 for this. Tony's Chalon is my favorite, too. And I'm going to get the 70% dark chocolate. This has a little bit more carbs, but that's okay. Josh buys me chocolate all the time, so I don't mind buying it for myself. Costco frozen broccoli is fantastic. I can eat an entire package of this. I just had a thought. I can tell you what my blood sugar is now. [music] It's 102.

- My GLP-1 Weight Loss Is Finally Showing… Korean Skincare, Sam’s Club Haul & Travel Prep WEEKLY VLOG: Kind: captions Language: en Hey girl. Hey. How are you doing? I hope you're having an amazing day. Today is Tuesday, March 3rd, and I curled my hair today, right? I was like, "Oh my gosh, I love it." Like, doesn't this side look so like girl, look, it's just like It's so beautiful. It's like voluminous and it's like Yes. Look at that. And then you got this side. I thought I had fix I thought I had fixed this. I thought I had fixed this. That's my salmon, y'all. Like literally, I just finished filming my weight loss video and like I was just like my hair was driving me crazy. Anyways, I'm going to go get my salmon. Let's go look at it together and see if it's ready. It was in fact not ready because I like my salmon basically overcooked. I like it well well well well well well done. So yeah, it needed it needs more time. But um anyways, I love my hair like this. I don't know if it's the cut and the way she does it, but I feel like with the other girl, I was able to like my hair didn't do this on this side and then this beautifulness on this side. Like they were both even and now it's just like they look like two different hairstyles. Anyways, I'm going to finish. I did Okay, so I Okay, y'all. I to I talked about this in first of all, let me let me start with this. Okay, Korean skincare is where it is at. Okay, this right here, girl, when I tell you the glow that this gave my skin and not in a greasy glowy way, in a holy crap, you have the most beautiful skin kind of way. I will see if I can link this down below. This is amazing. Boy, am I a fan. Am I a fan. Oh my gosh. Yes. And then I went over it with this. Now, I will say it did kind of especially like right here kind of cake up just like a little bit. Definitely a little bit of this goes a long way. But the combination of these two together, I feel like just has my skin looking like so healthy, so glowy. It's just And this is actually pretty decent coverage. I'm not mad at it. It's a mineral broadspectctrum of an SPF of 50, which is really good cuz I need to get better about applying SPF on my face. Um, so yeah. I don't know what what was I doing? I What What was I telling you guys about this for? I don't know. I really like them. So, yeah. I um Yeah. I literally lost my train of thought. That's what I was doing. I filmed for Tik Tok this morning. Now I got to come back and film a few more Tik Toks. And then um right now on my lips I have this where in the world did I put it? Oh, here it is. I have this lip volumizer which I really like. I showed you guys this last week. And this is one of those products that's supposed to work over time. So I'll definitely keep you guys updated. But it definitely I feel like it changes the color of my lips. So it makes them a little more pinky. Although it's a completely clear product, I think that's just the plumpness, like how it plumps my lips. Now, is it like an insane amount of plumpness? No, it doesn't it doesn't make them massive or like it's it's not even like super noticeable. But what is noticeable is the fact that my lips look so much healthier and color is has been added to it with like but this is literally just clear like it just looks so pretty and so healthy. You know what I mean? So I will link this down below as well because I have really really really been liking this. This is a lip volumizer by the brand Rock and it's hyaluronic acid and pro collagen peptide. And in my opinion, it doesn't have a super intense tingle. This is very, very, very manageable to handle in my opinion. Again, I'm also a lover of lip plumpers. So, whereas I am like, I barely feel this. Someone else might be like, oh my gosh, my lips are on fire. Who knows? Anyways, I'm gonna go so I can film my short form content and then I'll show you my salmon, which some of you might think is overcooked, but I'm gonna think it's perfect. We got a package, y'all. And I'm going to show you my salmon and what's in this package. I actually have this in. Can y'all see me? Hold on. Y'all could y'all couldn't even see me. Let's put y'all over here. Okay, I put this in. It's probably been in there for like over an hour and Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Now this is like this is what I'm talking about. It wasn't giving me color. It wasn't giving color. So this right here, I'm going to bring you guys over here. When I tell you if you don't have a Sam's membership, I'm going to link something down below. I'll go into that in a minute. No, I'm not working with Sam's. But hey, Sam's. Hey. Am I right? What? What was I even going to say? You can only get this at Sam's. Okay, this is so good. Okay, I have my coffee going, so just excuse the noise of the coffee. Do you see like the juices all bubbling? And do you just see that beautiful color? Like, let me let me turn on the light above the stove. I don't know if you guys can hear like hear the sizzle. I don't think you can cuz the c the coffee is going. But girl, this right here, you can only get it at Sam's. Like I said, I'm not working with Sam's. But I have an affiliate code that I can link for you guys. So, if you would like to sign up for a Sam's card, if you don't have a Sam's member, if you don't have a Sam's Club near you, then a lot of these things, unfortunately, not the salmon, but a lot of these things that I've shown you, like, oh, actually, I started this new vlog. So, the new protein that I found for my coffee, so good. Got it from Sam's. 1998. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Cannot beat that. So, but that stuff ships. So, again, I will link the membership link down below if you guys want to sign up for one cuz girl, first of all, you'll be helping me out. So, thank you if you do use my link. Second of all, you're going to be helping yourself and your family out because girl, the protein. And then this right here, $19.98 for two. Basically, you're getting buy 1 get one free here. Like, this is a no freaking brainer. This right here is the price of admission right here. This alone, 19 I don't know if it was 1998 something. 19 something cuz I feel like everything is 1998, but such a good freaking price. I love Thera Breath. My daughter loves Thera Breath. This is our favorite mouthwash of all time. I just think this leaves my breath the freshest. It's just I I love it. I love it. And this particular scent, the invigorating icy mint. This particular color, the fresh breath, all of it. This right here is the best in my opinion. So, yeah. Now, I have my Thera Breath and I'm a happy happy girl. I just don't know how to take this thing off. Do you need to take off the cap first? It don't matter. But this just literally they just dropped it off cuz I had to uh I had to order this now. I did Did I do that? I did it. I did it myself. I know. I know. I did. That is a slice of the razor blade. Um, but this right here, this entire thing was less than $6 for this honey almond granola. Are you kidding me? Are you kidding? Are you kidding? So, I'm going to go actually put this in a container. So, I've been brewing my coffee the day before and that way I'll put it in the fridge, but I'll also go ahead and sweeten it. So, I'll sweeten it with whatever sweetener I'm going to put and have for the next day. Girl, when I tell you my coffee was on point this morning. Oh my gosh, it was so good. See, here is my granola that I spent $5 on for this entire huge bag. This is 2 lb 32 oz. And now I can just I'm actually going to put this actually what I'm going to do is put this in a container. Like I'm going to take it out of the Actually, no. I'm going to I'm just going to leave the whole bag in there. Like so. And voila. Now, I will say I had a yogurt bowl this morning and I'm taking a GLP one. If you didn't know, I don't have many food aversions. Greek yogurt is kind of one of them. And I'm really sad about it cuz Greek yogurt is a really great way to get protein in in the morning. A really quick, easy way to get in protein in the morning or for a snack. And there's so many ways you can mix it up and make it taste better, you know? Um, and different flavors. Like, it's literally so versatile. Now, I can eat it if it's mixed with something like mixed in, but just by itself today, I was not a fan. And I've tried a couple of times, and I'm just like, this yogurt's like not it. Which is crazy cuz I I mean, I used to Oh my gosh, you guys have been following me since I left my ex-husband. I used to eat a yogurt every single day. Literally every single day, I was eating chabani flips. I was eating the fruit on the bottom yogurt. I was loving it. Now, I got these from Walmart cuz I'm going on a cruise. And on top of that, I've also been traveling. So, I've been going to Charlotte. I have I'm going up there again in the next couple of weeks. Actually, it's the next week. Next week, I'm going I want to go to the beach. I want to I just want to go. Okay. I want to go places. So, I was talking about wanting to find something where I can do the skinny syrups. Now, I don't know. I hope that this does not leak and that it's leakp proof, but I got this right here. It's the graband go bag. Great for spa, travel, gym, school, and camping. Um, again, hopefully it doesn't say anything about leak proof, but it does have a thing on here that says water. I don't know. know like these. This is the label. So maybe but I was going to do my skinny mixes in here. So when I'm on the cruise or when I'm traveling to my friend's house, I can have my skinny mixes and that way when I have my coffee, I can just, you know, have it in here and just spread out what I need. So these were super inexpensive. I got for my Skinny Mixes. And then this I actually got for the cruise and then again also just traveling. So this I also got from walmart.com. This right here you can put your little eye cream, your face cream, whatever you want to do. So that way you're not bringing your full size products. I know. Again, some of y'all are like, "Girl, we know this. Why are you even showing this to Cuz cuz I'm cuz I'm behind the curve, okay? I'm behind all of y'all. I have not gotten the the experience. I haven't been able to experience travel like that yet. And so this is just all so exciting for me. So like obviously and I these are just like such pretty colors. So obviously like if you want to do your lotion, your shampoo, your conditioner, and then whatever you want to put in here. Again, this right here you can put your body mist, face wash. Love this right here cuz it also has this thing. Love, love, love, love. And then it also has this little container, which if I'm not mistaken, I'm assuming it Yeah, you I don't know what the heck this is for. What is this for, y'all? I don't know what that's for. But this right here obviously allows you to be able to not make a mess. And then you have another little small container for a cream or something like that. And then I also have a little spatula in here with a bag that you can just pop all this stuff in. And then bam, now you're ready to go travel your little heart out. Which I'm ready, girl. I'm ready. Oh, I'm so ready for this cruise. I'm so freaking ready for it. But first, we got to go visit my son in Charlotte. I'm doing I'm also doing um a closet makeover with my friend. She said, "Will you please help?" I said, "Girl, yes." I love this idea. Yes. Anyways, I'm going to go put my plate together. I'm filming a what I eat in a day for short form. So, I will probably show you guys still. Oh my gosh, my I know I'm I'm probably annoying y'all with how annoyed I am with my hair, but like this. I love this. What the heck? What the heck? I'm going to have to go straighten it before I leave the house because this is going to drive me nuts if I don't. I was supposed to show you guys these and I totally forgot. So, I'm not sure if you can get this anywhere other than Sam's, so don't quote me on this. I just know that I got these from Sam's. And these are protein shakes. So, this is the Nuri Ultra Filtered Milkshake in the flavor vanilla milk milkshake. And this right here, I have been on the hunt for a pre-made protein drink that does not taste like protein. And in my opinion, this is it. And on top of that, it's like it's less than $20 for a 12-pack, which if you're into the pre-made protein drinks, you already know that's a freaking killer deal. And then this one is the chocolate one. Same thing, pack of 12, under 20 bucks. Cannot beat it. 30 g of protein. I get an easy 30 gram of protein in first thing in the morning cuz I have ditched my creamer and I now use protein drinks, protein shakes for my creamer. Love I my coffee that's what I was telling you earlier. My coffee was so on point this morning. I'm guessing I don't know much about coffee so I don't I don't really know but I brewed it yesterday around this time. I went ahead and I put my flavor um I went ahead and I put my skinny syrups that I wanted in there. I take some of my Himalayan salt with the caramel sea salt thing and I'll put some of that in there and then I put a top on it. It's my mason mason jar. Put a top on it. Put it in the fridge in the morning. Oh my gosh, it tastes so good. It's so good. So good. And then this morning, I just put the vanilla one in there and then I topped it with my cold bone. So delicious. So freaking delicious. I was I was a happy camper. Happy camper. So yeah, these are delish. Again, if you don't have a Sam's Club near you, you can get these shipped. As a matter of fact, let me look it up and see if you can get these anywhere else. And if you can, where how much are they at Walmart? They're $26.88. So you can get them at Walmart. You're just going to pay more. I think that you can also get them on Amazon. So I'll link them from Amazon, too, by the way. One sugar. One sugar. On Amazon. The strawberry is $19.70. The chocolate is 22.53, which actually isn't bad. The mocha is $19.70 and the vanilla is $22.83. Okay. My only fear with this though is that I feel like this is a new company. So, my fear is that the prices are going to skyrocket once people really start taking note and they're like, "Oh, wow." Because these are really good. They they taste really delicious. I'm hesitant to try the strawberry, but I'm also like I wouldn't do it in coffee and I don't think I would enjoy drinking it as a protein shake. But do you want to know what I think I would enjoy it as? A creamy an ice cream. So, pour the strawberry shake, do some chopped up strawberries, freeze it overnight, maybe put some sugar-free Jell-O so it's a little more creamier, put in the freezer, and then put it then do my little Ninja Creamy thing machine and I'd have some strawberry ice cream. I think that would be really good. So, anyways, this is a new brand wanted to introduce you guys to. It's delish. I'm a fan. So anyways, if you guys want a stand membership, I'll link it down below. I'll also link these from Amazon and I'm going to also put these in my weight loss favorites for my on my Amazon storefront as well. So, all right, I'm tired. It just all of a sudden hit me. I'm really tired. All right, I'm going to go and I'm going to go put in an audio book and I'm going to go walk for an hour. Girl, I am so tired. Listen to what I did. So, I was writing down my ideas for my next weight loss video on my iPad and I was like, I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to do this outside because it's sunny, it's beautiful. So, I'm like, okay, I'm going to go outside and I'm going to do this. When I was done with the list and the notes, I was like, I'm just gonna lay back here and relax. So, I do. And I just kind of close my eyes. I don't fall asleep like at all. I don't fall asleep. But girl, I feel like that was a mistake cuz I'm so tired now. I just feel like I'm a walking zombie. And now I feel like I need a nap. But I told myself I was going to go on an hour long walk today. And that's exactly what I'm going to do. Because in my opinion, when it comes to me changing, if I keep going back on the things I keep telling myself that I'm going to do, girl, I ain't never going to trust myself. I ain't never going to trust myself. I'm never going to trust anyone else. And my life's never going to change. And I was not happy with my life the way that it was. So, I'm continually doing things to change my life because I want to be happy at the end of the day. That's all I want is to be happy. So, I got my earbuds. I got some water. It is a gorgeous day outside. I don't know what the temperature is, but this is my kind of weather. It's just it's literally just so perfect. So, I before I go to the park though, I do have to go to Walmart to pick up a order that I really didn't want to have it where I had to go pick it up. I wanted it delivered, but for some reason, they couldn't ship it. No, I didn't want it delivered. I wanted it shipped. And for some reason, they couldn't ship this. So, I was like, "Well, let me go ahead and pick that up." It's really just I'm I'm getting all of the travel essentials right now. So, it's just travel packs of butt wipes is all it is. Three packs so that way we can have them and whatnot. So, I already got my little travel size PooPourri ready with that. Why you get on my butt so quick? But your girl's real tired. I should not have once I was done with that list in my notes, I should have got up and was like, "All right, let's go." But instead, I sat there and was like, "I'm just going to close my eyes for a minute. Just sit here." I shouldn't have done that. I don't know that I'm going to make this light. Oh, where did it go? Oh crap. Okay, I've parked. I'm in spot number three. It says, "How do we find you? You find me by coming in over to spot number three." That's so funny. Okay, I accidentally took my vibration plate remote in my I had it in my pocket. I'm so excited. Did I tell you guys? No. Did it break? You're joking. Oh my gosh. No, it didn't. Oh my gosh. Can Do you think I can like Oh, please let me be able to flex it back over. Oh, please, please, please, please. I love these whatchamacallits. Oh gosh. Uh, that might be okay. I'm gonna have to when I get home put it over over there with um because I have this little heart. Like look how cute it is. This little heart. I don't know what you call this thing. I got it on Amazon. But I just hang this on the outside of my purse. So that way I always have my earbuds. And if I need my earbuds, I just go over to my purse and I just grab one and boop. And I put one in. And when one dies, I just go put it in to charge. And I grabbed the other one. I love these things. What's so crazy is I was like, I'm not going to get AirPods. Like, I'm not doing it. No, I don't need them. They fall out of my ears. This and that. I've had no problems. And I literally just love them so much. I use them so much. I never thought that I would ever use earbuds as much. I mean, obviously I've been listening to audiobooks a lot, too, but the audio book that I'm currently listening to is What Lies Between Us. And it's about this mom and this daughter, and the the daughter has the mom trapped in like um what would you call it? Uh um like kidnap basically. This is what it looks like. Highly recommend it, girl. I got I'm on chapter 14 right now. Girl, she's keeping her trapped upstairs. I'm I'm wanting to say there's like another word for that, but I I can't think of it right now. So, man, it would have been easier for me to just go in there and grab these myself, low key. But did they come out this way? Or is this this woman? My goodness. I'm wearing this sports bra from Shaperman. Oh my gosh, I'm obsessed. I absolutely love it so much. It is so comfortable. It has nice padding. This is me, I think. Nice padding. I'll link it down below. It's amazing. I Thank you so much. You have a good one. >> You, too. >> All right. I got my butt wipes. This car, whenever there's something that it senses you're close to, it vibrates the butt. Like the the seat. I'm like, just give me a noise like a a chime or a beep. Don't vibrate my butt. I guess it's to wake your butt up if you're going to sleep or something because I think it also does it if you are driving and you seem like you're veering off the road or something. I don't know. Anyways, let's go to the park. We going to go to the park. My gosh. We're going to go to the park and get in this hour long walk. I told myself I don't have to put any time. Like it literally if it takes me 40 minutes to walk a mile, I don't care. Pushing myself is me just getting out there and doing an hourong walk because I usually just try to like, you know, and like real quick with my workouts and just like get it done, get it done. But I also want to be intentional on going on more walks and just kind of being one with nature. I know this battery is about to die, but I just had to say that junk was hard. I was like, "Oh, an hour it's going to be so peaceful." I mean, it was, but it was definitely hard. But I'm so proud of myself for doing that. I definitely want to do that more often where I just take an hour of the day and just come and we are on our way over to the library. I did, let's see, I I edited last night until I say it was close to 9. I had two videos that I really wanted to get done. And then the video that I'm going to edit right now I'm putting up on my weight loss channel today. So, I'm trying to do a very quick turnaround. I usually don't like to edit and upload on the same day. I usually like to have my stuff planned out. So, I did realize yesterday because I did some filming and I also went live. I was like, "Okay, I feel like on the days where I'm I'm needing to edit that I should not be also filming. I should only I can go live, but editing just takes up so much time that I just felt very strapped and I don't want to have to be working that late again in in the evening. So, yeah, that's my goal. I do not like that the engine goes off on this thing and I have looked everywhere and I cannot find where how to turn it off. I think it's just a part of this car and that is not cool. The last car I was driving, the loner car, it did it but you had there was a button right there was like boom and you can just turn it off. I don't like that it does that. But anyways, I will I'm going to go back to listening to my book, What Lies Between Us. So good. It's so good. Get to the library and start editing this video. It's a good one. It's my twomon weight loss results. And I'm going to do the before and after. And I personally haven't seen it yet. So, I just took the pictures and I'm excited to see the side by side cuz it's going to be good. It's going to be real good cuz I can I can really start to feel it now. Like last night I was like, you know, kind of like this like just holding my arms like that and I was like, "Oh." Or like when I put my hands on my hips, I'm like or like the side of my waist I'm like, "Oh." So, I'm definitely starting to like see and feel the difference. So, I'm excited to actually physically see the the difference from day one to day what was it like 58 or whatever 59. Basically 2 months in Well, that didn't go as planned. I got my laptop. I got snacks. I got my headphones. I got my camera. I brought my iPad just in case I had video ideas that came up and I was like write them down. I forgot my charger for my laptop. And I was like, it's okay. I'll just I'll edit up until it dies. It's dead, girl. It's dead. I said, "Well, I'm still just going to sit here and I'll just I'll just go on my iPad." So, I'm really hungry right now. And as I was sitting there, I was like, I'm due for a solo date. So, I'm going to plan that out. I don't think it's going to be this week. And then Control comes next week. So, I don't think it'll be next week either, but I need to plan out a solo date real soon because yeah, I need one. Um, I was going to look and see there's tanning beds near me. And the reason is because I wanted to get into there. I wanted to see how much it would cost to do a spray tan and how it would look cuz I want to be tan again and I just this whole thing doing it once a week it's just not for me. So, I want to see if there's one. Let's see. Where is that one? Uh, I don't I don't have Google Maps and I don't like Google Maps. 7 minutes. Where is that? I feel like they closed that Palm Beach tan down, but I just want to see because on the website it says something about See, and I thought I did my hair. Do you guys see how this side is like swoops out and then this side is just This is the side I want. This is how I want my hair to look. And then this side just like what is going on? They look like two different sides. And I curled them the exact same this time. today. I made sure to do that. But I just wanted to see because they're it seems like it's $50 a month and you can get unlimited spray tans, which I'm like that's probably not what it is. So, I wanted to see how much it would cost because I'm not going to lie, I did sit there and was like, I think I'm going to go and like actually like get a membership to start actually tanning. And then I thought about it and I said, "Well, I was doing that with uh Planet Fitness." And then every time I got in the tanning bed, I felt so guilty cuz I know it's not good for me. I know it's not good for me. And I was just like, "No, I just can't risk it." So, we're going to do we're going to see if we can do the a spray tan. Now, I've gotten one before. Gotten one before, but it was so long ago, and I was not happy with it at all. But, I feel like they've come a really long way when it comes to spray tans. So, I just wanted to go in there and see how much it would be. So, but I swear the last time I was here, I'm also kind of like if I'm going to be by public, should I just go ahead and run in there? And I can go ahead and just cuz I brought snacks. You guys want to know what I brought? You guys probably already know. Go ahead. I brought a Bill Puff. They're just so convenient. High in protein. And why wouldn't I? And I have a ton of them at home. So it's one of my favorite flavors. MG E10 saves you 10% on builts.com. And I highly recommend them because they're amazing. They taste like chocolatecovered marshmallows. And m you know how they're like you know how they're like really popular on Tik Tok now everyone's eating them girl I haven't eaten them since before I moved to um uh Charlotte when they first when they first came out. I've been eating these a long time, but um I'm say I don't know if I have the energy. I don't think I'm eating enough. Not this week because I'm working out. Plus, I did that hour long walk yesterday. And even though it wasn't intense, I got in over like I think it was close to 11,000 steps for the entire day. Energy to go into Publix. I don't remember what it is that I wanted. I made up my mind. If if I if that Palm Beach tan is still there, girl, when I I'm telling you when I went there, like everything was out unless they are completely redoing it. But I told Ava, I said, "Wasn't that a like a tanning bed was right there, wasn't it?" And I looked in the window and I said, "There's literally nothing in there." like they stripped everything out. I don't know. But it's still saying on the website that that's where it is. So, anyways, if it's there and I have to get out of the car, then I'll go in there, ask for more clarification on how their pricing works, and then I will go from Palm Beach Tam. And I'm not getting a spray tan today. I just want to find out information about it. But go to Palm Beach Tan and then go to Publix. if it is in fact like it was the last time I saw it and there's nothing in there, that means I'm not getting out of the car and then that means I'm not going to Publix. That's my decision. Yeah, it's gone. They need to update their dang whatchamacallit. Not me actually thinking that it was actually still going to be here when I saw the other day that it was like literally um raise your hand if you're going to see um what's it called? Reminders of him. I actually was like, "Oh my gosh." When I saw that it was going to be a movie, I said, "I'm listening to it right now." So, I listened to it and it was really good. So, it comes out Thursday. And yeah, and what's crazy is that it literally says that they're hiring, too. Like on the website, it says now hiring. It's closed. How are you hiring? I'll come back to you later. So, yeah, I'm going to go ahead and go home. I'm going to eat lunch real quick cuz I am really hungry. It's Oh, today's Wednesday and I could get sushi cuz they have $5 sushi Wednesdays next Wednesday. Yeah, cuz likes sushi too. Put down next Wednesday sushi at Publix for $5. Okay, I will talk to y'all later. I'm going to go home, eat, have the same thing I had yesterday. Salmon, B, uh, sweet potato, broccoli, and then I'm going to edit this video. And hopefully I'll be done hopefully by 1:00. That's my goal. 1:30, two at the latest. and then maybe we could come back out and like try to find where the actual Palm Beach tan is. We'll see though. Um, so yeah, I will talk to y'all later. You guys haven't seen this video yet because it's not coming out until Wednesday, but my March goals, one of the goals consists of getting in 6,000 steps 6 days a week. And I was sitting there talking to my friend and I was like just telling her the list of things that I have to do and then what I want to do and just like basically I was reminded that I have a goal to reach 6,000 steps today. And I was like, "Oh my gosh." Cuz y'all I I have so much left to do and it's only it's 6:36 and I really wanted to be in bed tonight by 9:00 and I just don't know that's going to happen. I looked at my watch. I have 4,333 steps. So, I said, um, I'm I'm feeling the, you know, like when I get stressed, I start to feel and overwhelmed. I start to feel like I'm out of breath and I I can't breathe. And it's not really hyperventilating, but it's just like I just get really like, you know, so I said, I have a choice. I have I have a choice to make. So, do I, even though it's only the 4th of March, do I decide to not get in the rest of these steps? Because I already know when I go and I sit in that chair to sit down to edit my vlog, if I do that, I'm not getting in my 6,000 steps. So, I can go and do that or I can put on my sneakers. I changed my top and I'm going to go walk around the neighborhood a couple times. I'm put my headphones in and listen to my audio book and then I will have my 6,000 steps. But on top of that, I'm going to get some fresh air. I'm going to get outside. I'm going to get a walk in which is going to help my mental health, which is going to help me calm down. And it's just a win-win all around. So, I just wanted to come tell you guys that because I am feeling very, very overwhelmed. I got up this morning and I did my workout and I don't know if it was when I was doing my workout, if I was getting in the shower or when I was doing the laundry, but somehow I hurt my back. And I don't know if I pulled a muscle or if it's a thing where it's just going to hurt for maybe a couple hours and then it's going to be fine. But me and Ava are supposed to go hiking at Stone Mountain tomorrow. So hopefully my back starts to feel better. So I am, like I said, doing laundry. I just finished filming some stuff for my weight loss channel. that's all I got for you. So just wanted to come on here, update y'all, and say hi. Okay, bye. It's way way later in the day. I was with my parents most of the day. Uh my dad had a treatment today, so I took them there and then we went to dinner and then we went a couple other places. But yeah, I got back home and girl, this is my stuff for the cruise. When I tell you I'm gonna I'm gonna do a full on separate video when I tell you my butt is gonna look so good in this dress. It's gonna look so good in this dress. But I just wanted to give you guys a sneak peek. I'm going to do a full haul. I plan on wearing dresses the entire time that I'm on the cruise and the entire time that I'm in Miami. This right here screams Miami to me. Especially the art deco district, which is my parents were telling me about it, and that's where I'm trying to stay. I don't know if it's going to happen cuz it's really expensive, but I was like, this would be perfect. Either way, I think that this is my Miami dress for sure for one of the nights. Um, here's a This is completely see-through, but I can work with that. Uh, this is my favorite. One of my favorite dresses. So, so pretty. Gorgeous colors. Y'all know I love everything tropical. Whether I'm going to be tropical places or not, I just I was literally screaming when I saw these things. I was like, "Oh my gosh, this is so cute." This is going to be my pool cover up, I believe, or like my bathing suit cover up because we're going to a resort type beach thingy when we're in Nassau. And then the last day, it's like whatever Royal Caribbean's private beach is, that's where we're going. So, I'll probably wear this under my bathing suit. Oh, I got bathing suits, too, from Sheen. I've never I don't think I've ever gotten bathing suits from Sheen, but those are coming too. And I hope they're so cute. They're like one shoulder and normally I don't like to do one shoulder because of tan lines and stuff and they give you weird tan lines, but I do think that one shoulders look really good on me. So, and the colors so good. So, this I think is going to be either too big or it's going to be too low cut. But if this fits, this is another what I would think a Miami outfit. So maybe a Miami out outfit for one of the nights. So this right here, these jeans with this top. Do you see the vision? Oh my gosh, that would be so freaking cute. Hold on. Hold hold hold the phone. So, these are the two dresses that I already got. So, this one stunning. I need to get a How pretty is that? This one I would definitely do for dinner on the cruise. And then obviously like I don't think all of these dresses are going to be for the cruise. First of all, I don't even know if all of them are going to work, but I'm really, really, really hoping that those jeans work because they're flare and they're white. So, anyways, oh my gosh, I think I think this would be so freaking cute. Do we see the vision? How fun would that be for a night in Miami? girl. I have no idea what we're doing there yet, but we're just going to be styling in our outfits. But this is the other dress, too. I forgot about this one. Super cute. I do need to get an iron though because that is not cute. But, you know, probably like a steamer, but I just wanted to show you guys that real quick. Oh, this is the last one. This one's also a good Miami dress. I I say that really with this because of the color, but the other ones I definitely say Miami regardless of the colors. Um because you know the dolphins or whatever. But this is cute. Is it not? And then I have tan too. M girl, it's going to be so good. Oh, and then I got these. I actually got these to go with the dress. So they're essentially the same as those funky shoes. Excuse me. Only they are this gorgeous lavender. Girl, I'm tan. This color looks really good on me. So, I figured those two for dinner one night on the cruise. Maybe. I don't know. We'll see. I'm super excited though. But yeah, that was my day. I, like I said, will do a complete try on of all of these things. I'm super excited. I cannot wait. The cruise is getting closer and closer. I'm just like, "Oh my goodness, this is so exciting." So, anyways, I haven't felt that great today. I kind of felt a lot of anxiety and I don't know. I think that my blood sugar got too low because when I was at the restaurant with my parents, I was just like, why do I have this feeling of dread? I have this feeling of dread and it's so uncomfortable. And it wasn't necessarily that I was on the verge of panicking, but I definitely felt weird and I didn't like it. So, I think it was just my blood sugar got a little too low. That's the one thing about the GLP1s. I decided to go up in dose. I had originally I had already wanted to be up in a dose for the cruise, but I got everything my calculations wrong. And then when I realized I was like, "Oh crap." I mean, I could get my next one and order it with the higher dose, but then it's too close to the cruise, and I don't know how I'm going to feel, and I don't know what side effects I'm going to experience, and I don't want to be going on a cruise not knowing if I'm going to be experiencing any side effects. So, I was just going to hold off until after the cruise. But last night, I just thought about it and I was like, I did some emotional eating. I started hearing food noise again. It was harder to say no to certain foods and I was just like, um, and again, I was on the starter dose. So, really, the starter dose is just meant for your body to kind of get used to. And yes, you can totally stay on the starter dose for I'm sure some people probably stay on it for 6 months. just all depends on how your body metabolizes it and all of the things. But it just got a little too hard for me. I'm also working on something in in me that is very difficult. So, it's bringing up a lot of emotions. So, I was just like, you know what? I'm just going to go ahead and go up. And there's no shame in going up because we still got a lot. You know, we're not maxing out anytime soon. So I was like, "Okay, we're gonna go ahead and go up." So with me going up, I literally have no appetite now. And so I do have to kind of force myself because I will unfortunately I am someone who if I don't eat, I will get low blood sugar and I will literally feel like I'm having a panic attack. And I do not want that because panic attacks suck. You guys know that if you have them or have had them. So, that is everything. Let me tell you something also. I was working out this morning and I don't know if it was if it happened when I was working out or what. I hurt my back right here and me and Ava are supposed to go hike Stone Mountain tomorrow. And I'm like, I can't go hike Stone Mountain tomorrow with my back feeling like this. So, if it does feel like this now, I feel like I probably can walk just like on a trail. So technically, I feel like we still could go to Stone Mountain and just not climb it, but go on a trail and maybe have a little picnic. So, I'm just going to ask her what she wants to do. But either way, in next vlog, I'm going to share that experience with you guys cuz we're so excited. We've been talking about this for weeks and it just hasn't happened yet. And we'll see. We'll see how my back feels tomorrow cuz like I said, I'm not trying to hike up a mountain like this. And then girl going down too. Oh gosh, no. So, we'll see. But that'll be next week's vlog. I'm going to go ahead and sign off here. I thank you guys so much for being here. I thank you for watching. I thank you for commenting and supporting and doing all of the things. You guys are amazing and I appreciate every single last one of you. All right, I will see you guys in the next one.

- Reality of The Billion Dollar Protein Market | What Retail Investors Must Know: Kind: captions Language: en The other day I was thinking, what if buying a protein shake becomes as normal as buying a packet of Maggi. Think about it. Five Years Ago, Protein Powder Was a Gym- Goer's Thing. Bodybuilders, athletes, people who spend more money on gym memberships than I do on movie tickets. The rest of the country didn't give protein intake that much. But what about today? High protein curd is sitting right next to regular curd on Big Basket. Protein bars are at every airport, kios, petrol pump, convenient store. Now even flour and coffee contain protein. In fact, a report by Fortune India talks about how Amazon's protein and nutrition category is growing 35 to 40% year on year. Now as retail investors, how do we tap into this theme? Is it hype or a genuine opportunity? Hi this is Arunima and you are watching How Bazaar. Take a look at this graph. Something flipped as we can clearly see. This is the daily protein intake of every Indian divided by our total population. And in 2009 we can see that rural India was taking the lead. But between 2011 and 2022 something changed. Urban India overtook that figure and then there was no turning back. What Happened in Between? Well number one easy access to cheap data. Before 2016, 1GB data was around ₹150 for a month. People could just use 200 to 300 MB. YouTube consumption was mostly in homes with Wi-Fi access, then Jio came in. This morning I start with the newest and the youngest member of the Reliance family, Jio. And suddenly, even people in tier three cities have access to what was once only a thing for rich gym goers. Fitness Videos What I Eat in a Day. Mac Tracking Everything Was Suddenly Accessible. Look at the Impact Even Today. Insta trend started like 75 Day Hard Challenge. Then came the 75 Day Soft Challenge for the Rest of Us. But the premises are the same. Protein Macros Recovery. All this was not even in a vocabulary. It was for the Dole Sholay crowd. But now it's suddenly dinner table conversation. Fitness content has become so mainstream that people now get FOMO. This Is Actually One Of The Few Instagram Trends That I Am Happy About Than A Global Pandemic Mysterious New Virus Coronavirus This Is A Rapidly Emerging Situation Covid 19 It's 2020 Everyone's Home Scared Buggling How To Boost Immunity This Created A Generation Of Self-Educated Consumers Who Actually Read Nutritional Labels On A Product That Was Genuinely A New Behavior In India Not Only That Some New Age Brands Actually Got Us To Sit Up And Take Notice On What's Written At The Back Of Products And Finally Product Innovation. Suddenly you don't need a 5 kg tub of Chowki protein powder from a gym supplement shop that smells questionable. Today protein comes in oats, yogurt, chips, 30g bars, veg packets, wafers. Delivered to your door in 10 minutes. That shift from a specialty supplement to a mainstream daily habit is what turns a niche category into a multi-billion dollar market. Now let's understand the market landscape. Which are the key players in the space and most importantly, is it even real or just a joint marketing game. For this I want you to picture a pyramid but inverted. This pyramid has three floors. At the bottom of the pyramid we have sports nutrition. Those protein powders, creatine, mass gainers. This is the domain where players like on, health cart, parent company and muscle bless. Operates True Basic, HK Vitus and five other nutrition brands. They are unlisted for now but these are names every investor in the space should be tracking. Then comes the middle floor. The Day to See Wellness Brands. This is the functional nutrition and wellness layer. Ojiva, Plix, The Whole Truth, Cosmix and Super You. These brands exploded post pandemic and they built entirely on Instagram and online channels. And then we have the most important layer for pure scale. We have every day protein formats. Epigamia's Greek yogurt, fortified flour, Amul's high protein range. Now here is a channel shift that is super charging all three layers. Pick Farmers. Protein products have become an impulse category on these platforms. You are ordering groceries on Blinkt and you add one to the card. And Genji is the demand engine across all of these three layers. They're willing to pay a premium for products and clean ingredients that are sold transparently. That's basically what the data is saying, well. Now the main question is this real or hype? Sure protein is genuine, not just some fitness fat. Protein is literally everywhere: in our muscles, skin, hormones, immunity, enzymes, and it's been proven that the deficiency is real. In fact, the study by ICMR talks about how for most Indians, our diet is skewed towards carbs, and not proteins, and healthy fats. But to boost D to C sales, food delivery and quick commerce apps have been consistently using high protein harvesting. Think about it. It's like AI for startups. This is protein washing. Brother, what happened earlier with fat free, happened with sugar free. And now it's happening with high protein. Brands Know That People Will Be Willing To Pay The Premium For The Protein Label. Another scam in the supplement industry is adulteration. The actual muscle building protein may be less but the number appears to be big. So a simple rule for all consumers. Check the label. How many grams of protein is it giving. What is the protein to carb and calorie intake? Is it a high quality protein source? Real protein adds value. Fake protein only empties the pocket. Now think of India's largest consumer companies. They have billion dollar distribution networks. They've been around for decades. And so they have super high brand equity as well. And despite having armies of sales people all of them coming to the same conclusion, they can't build credibility in health and nutrition fast enough. That it matters. The D to C brands have already got there first. They have earned the trust of exactly the consumers who will define the next decade of growth. So, what do they do? Board Rooms Ain't Asking How Do We Build This Kind of Questions Anymore. They are asking how do we buy trust. R Roads Point to Acquisitions. Let's talk about three deals by the listed company that basically show how this playbook works. Deal number one, Marico and Cosmics. Parachute & Safola. These are two products you will probably find in most Indian homes. Their parent company is Americo. Now Americano is aggressively buying out companies that are in the health and nutrition, beauty and personal care brand space. This is a deliberate systematic portfolio build out. Now let's focus on the nutrition part. In 2023 Merico will buy almost 60% stake in Plix, a plant-based protein company, for nearly ₹370 crore. From there the company grew 10 times and became profitable. The Same Story with True Elements. Maro acquired two elements for a total value of ₹138 crore. They started off with roughly 54% stake in 2022. Then the final acquisition was completed in October 2025. Now the same playbook again with Cosmics. All the 60% stake in Cosmix values the company at about ₹375 crore. Now Cosmix Is A Digital-First Functional Wellness Brand That Makes Plant-Based Protein Powders, Functional Super Food Blends And More. And the brand has scaled to an ARR of about ₹100 crore with a high teen EBITDA margin profile. If you look at these numbers independently, it's modest compared to the total scale at which Mary operates. Yes. But that is precisely the wrong lens. The investment cases are the portfolio, not individual brands. Flix Cosmix and True Elements collectively earned over a thousand crores of annualized revenue at the end of Q2 FI26. So, Mario Isn't Just a Legacy Personal Care Brand Anymore. It's Now Becoming a Consumer Health Conglomerate One Acquisition at a Time. Deal to HL and OZiva. The HL ozwaa story is another solid expl. It shows how large-cap acquisitions take place, and looking at just the first two years paints a very different picture. You have probably seen HUL products lingering around at home. Surf Excel, Dove, Rook Bond, Nor, Lux. So, you can clearly see this is not just a company but an FMCG empire. And in 2022 the empire caught the fields not those fields fomo hua unko that is when HUL bought 51% stake in ozJiva a plant based protein d to c brand first two years nothing revenues were almost platinum losses were up to ₹44 crore people from outside thought HUL has clearly done something wrong but suddenly FI 25 revenues grew almost 2.5 times losses nearly vanished HUL did waste any time it bought the balance 49% edge well at a valuation of ₹824 crore. Transactions of this scale show one thing: conviction in the brand. Deal number three is ITC and Yoga Bar. While Maro and HL have attracted most of the acquisition commentary, ITC has been executing the same strategy. It has a leverage of good distribution as well. In fact their products are available in 60 lakh retail outlets. Every small grocery store railway station, highway dhaba. Then the yoga bar. Two sisters from Bengaluru had launched their line of protein bars and nutrition products. They built a solid product and a fiercely loyal urban consumer base and well the rest is history. TC acquired Yoga Bar in 2023 and it has also been increasing its protein content across a varied product portfolio, especially in stables including flour. Combined with Madsparshan 24 Mantra Organic ITC's New Age Portfolios Tracking 20 Crore Annualized Run Rate. But the list doesn't end there. Sure Marico, ITC, HUL dominate the headlines but across the listed and unlisted landscape a broader consolidation is happening. There are three more names that need to be studied for any serious analysis of this market. First half we have Parag Milk Foods. The market continues to price Parag Milk Foods as a dairy products business. But here's what actually matters and this is the part that doesn't make the headlines. Every D to C protein brand in India has the same availability. Give by way from global suppliers. Global way prices are volatile. The quality is inconsistent. And then let's say FSSAI tighten scrutiny on what's being important. Which it by the way periodically does. Well their margins fall because of a supply chain they don't even control. But in pollen's case it controls everything. Farm to Shelf. Milk Two Way Protein. There is no middle man, there is no import dependency, no currency risk as a result of that. Their Way Protein brand avatar is part of a new age business segment. And that crossed a profit of ₹100 crore in a single quarter in Q3 FI26. In a market full of brands selling protein, Parag is one of the few that actually makes it. That's not a feature. That's a mode. Now let's talk about the whole truth. This is their view: They earned about ₹216 crore in revenue in FI25. That is almost a $3.3 times jump from the year before. And now in their latest funding round, Dev has raised about ₹34 million dollars. But what actually makes them interesting is in the revenue numbers. This is the reason behind it. Every single time a new mislabeling scandal breaks out the whole truth gets stronger without spending a single rupee. How good their brand love is. They are not on the stock market yet but whether they go public or get picked up by one of the big FMCG companies. That moment will be a very loud signal. What a genuinely trusted nutrition brand is worth in India right now. And now the one brand that's a moment marketing champion. Amul is already selling high protein curd and high protein lassi. And that right here is what makes him the most dangerous player in this entire market. Because Amul didn't need to build trust. It's already there in every single Indian kitchen since 1946. Now imagine if Amul stops treating protein as just another product line and decides to go all in with the dedicated campaign especially because marketing is one of the biggest flexis. That would change the conversation completely. Okay so we have talked about the opportunity the brands and the acquisitions but here is the part many people would miss the risk and I am going to tell you two of the most important once risk one are we over doing this whole protein fandom yes we have heard this stat India is protein deficient but have you thought about the demographics right now the typical consumer of premium protein supplements are urban millennials with gym memberships and a lot of disposable income. But now there is a section of the population. That's Over Doing It To The Point That Doctors Are Now Flagging The Opposite Problem. Too much protein in a country with very high rates of undiagnosed kidney issues is becoming a primary health concern. This to incoming of Ozeppik. You have probably heard of oppik. The Weight Loss Injection Took Over the Internet, Bollywood and Your Instagram Feed All at Once. The active ingredient in Oppik is called semolina gluconate. And as of March 2026 its patent has expired in India. What that means is Indian pharma companies are making their own versions of it. Generic Semaglutide is now available in India starting at ₹1,290 per month. Where as the branded versions are way more expensive. So these drugs became more accessible to a completely new income group. So at this point you might be thinking, okay, so if people are taking a drug that kills their appetite and helps them lose weight, do we still need protein supplements anymore? And that's a fair question and I get why you're thinking. But here is where it gets really interesting. Are you losing weight? Yes. But a big chunk of that you are losing isn't fat. It's actually muscle. And that's a problem. Because muscle is what keeps your metabolism running. It keeps you bone strong. And your body is functional as you age. So, what do doctors recommend: more protein. Think about what that means. Someone on Oppik is eating significantly less food overall. But they still need more protein out of whatever little they do. And what is the most convenient way to solve it. A high quality protein bar and a clean protein shape. So, here is a new one that most people are missing. Olympics will affect the market. It may not kill it, but will definitely reshape it. The Brands That Figure This Out Early and Adapt Quickly Will Be a Fine. By the way, I did a detailed video on OMP and how it is leading to profits increasing for airline companies. If You're Curious About It, Check It Out. Okay, now let's sum everything up. We started to ask the question. Protein Market, Hype or Disease Theme Have Substance. Here is my honest answer. It's A Little Bit Of Hype But Built On A Very Real Very Solid Foundation Of Substance. Basically if you are buying an FMCG stock just because it has acquired some fancy help brand pause. Ask Yourself One Simple Question First. Is the date brand actually beginning to matter to the parent company's overall business? In the long term, if the acquisition doesn't move the needle on the company's actual earnings, you are not investing in a growth story. You're just paying a premium for a good press release. So, the opportunity is real but the risks are real too. So, here is what you need to do as someone watching the market. The big picture and the single most important line in this entire video is India's large caps are no longer building nutrition brands from scratch. They are buying consumer trust. Every small, profitable, well-positioned D to C brand in health and nutrition is now a potential acquisition target. The brands with the deepest consumer loyalty will win. Not The Ones With The Most Products. So, comment below your take is the protein market hyped or it has substance. Well, this is Arunma Rao signing off. If You Found This Video Helpful Then Please Do Share And Subscribe And Also Don't Miss The Next One. Until then stay curious.

- You Can Eat 40% Less on Zepbound: How GLP-1 Changes Cravings & Nutrition: Kind: captions Language: en I saw a headline the other day that said GLP-1 users are eating 40% fewer calories. And I thought, "Yeah, tell me about it." But here's the thing. It's not just about eating less. It's actually that we stop wanting the junk food. Never in a million years did I think I would turn up my nose to a bag of M&M's or a slice of chocolate cake. But today, I want to talk about that weird shift where the food noise turns off and suddenly a protein shake looks better than a pizza. So, let's dig into the numbers, but more importantly, let's talk about what this actually feels like for us. When I started on GLP1s, I thought they would just curb my hunger, but I never expected them to overhaul my grocery bill. I used to buy the familysized bag of Doritos thinking it would last an entire week. It lasted a night. And how about those pint-sized ice creams by Ben & Jerry's and Hogen's? Those were meant to be a single serving, right? Well, they weren't. But when I looked at the data, I realized we aren't just walking past the candy aisle anymore. We're ignoring it completely. I'm eating about 40% less overall. And I'm not alone. In a recent article from Reuters called, "Big food pours millions into rebrands as obesity drugs reshape US demand," studies show GLP-1 users slash their calorie intake by about 2-fifths of what they used to consume before starting. Dessert consumption has dropped 84% and alcohol use is down 33%. Honestly, I miss the beer sometimes, but I definitely don't miss the inflammation or the occasional hangover. So, fresh produce on the other hand, it's up by more than 70%. Like, we're trading a full grocery cart for a reusable shopping bag. Fewer items, but much higher quality. So, that shift means that every bite counts. Protein isn't just a buzzword, it's a lifesaver when you're eating half as much food. Registered dietitians recommend 20 to 30 grams of protein per meal to maintain muscle mass. Now, whether that comes from a protein shake or from a series of different things that you eat, you want to try and get that 20 to 30 grams in each of your meals. If you've been watching the videos on my channel, I recently did a video about the 10 habits I use to help me eat enough even when I'm not hungry. I'll link it below. But my rule number two is eat your protein first. When you only have room for a few bites, you can't waste that space on empty carbs. I used to grab chips or pretzels without thinking about it. Now I reach for Greek yogurt or protein shake. On these drugs, it doesn't so much matter about willpower. It really becomes more about biology. If you're finding the same to be true, then drop a comment below. I don't think I'm alone in this, am I? and fiber. It's essential. A lot of GLP-1 users deal with constipation on these medications, but you don't have to be one of them. Aiming for about 14 g of fiber per 1,000 calories helps. Think colorful salads with protein like eggs, meat, or cheese, quinoa bowls, or fruits like berries. and days when it does doesn't seem possible. There's nothing wrong with fiber gummies or one of those Metamucil drinks we used to make fun of the old people for drinking. And don't forget hydration. These drugs can blunt your hunger signals as well as your thirst signals. In the beginning or right after a shot, when you're peeing off a lot of water weight, it's important to get more liquid in you. Here's a bonus tip. If you ever wake up with a headache, try drinking an electrolyte drink like a Gatorade or even putting a bit of table salt in a glass of water. A lot of times a headache is telling you you're dehydrated. A thick or tacky and dry tongue when you're speaking. That's also another sign you need some water. Just make sure you're drinking water throughout the day. I keep one of these cups next to me all the time and I'm constantly drinking from it. So, what about protein snacks? It turns out we're not alone in craving them. About 71% of Americans say they're actively trying to increase their protein intake. Meat snacks, nuts, and seeds are booming. Sales of meat sticks alone think Slim Gyms and beef jerky, they grew 6.6% in 2025. But don't forget, you need balance. Lean meats, beans, cottage cheese, and lentils all offer protein without the extra salt and saturated fat. We also need to be honest about what we're not eating. Deep fried foods and sugary treats can trigger nausea. They fill up valuable stomach space without giving us the nutrition we need. Think of your stomach like filling your gas tank. Filling that tank with sugar. It'll give you f fuel and energy right away, but it burns fast and it leaves you stalled. Eating less isn't just about willpower. It's physiological reality on the GLP1s without having to think about it too hard. That's why we're leaning into foods that work with our bodies. Protein rich meals, fiber, and hydration. We're rewriting our relationship with food. And that's powerful. If you're navigating this new world of eating to live instead of living to eat, do me a favor and hit the subscribe button. I'm documenting this whole journey, the good, the bad, and the weird, including side effects, so we can figure it out together. And quick question for the comments. What's the one junk food you used to love that completely grosses you outbound? I'll put mine in the pinned comments below. Until next time, remember it's not just about the weight, it's about the rewrite. Take care.

- Build Muscle on a Keto Diet: Nutrition Science: Kind: captions Language: en Can you build muscle on a ketogenic diet? So many people will tell you that it is not possible and that you absolutely need carbs to build muscle. Well, in this video, I'm going to break down a lot of scholarly articles. I'm going to give you four major peer-reviewed studies. And at the end of this video, I'm going to give you a very detailed breakdown with a very specific study that takes a specific look at the keto diet versus a traditional western carbohydrate fil diet as it pertains to building muscle. If you haven't already, make sure you hit that subscribe button. Make sure you turn on notifications so you can see all the videos that I post on this channel every single week. So, let's get right down to the science. The first thing that you need to know when it comes down to the ketogenic diet is that you don't need nearly as much protein first of all on the ketogenic diet, but you don't need that much protein to build muscle in the first place. So, I want to get that out of the equation first and foremost. You don't need nearly as much protein as you think. The Journal of Applied Physiology actually published a study that found that there was no difference between subjects that consumed 0.6 64 g of protein per pound of body weight and those that consumed 1.1 g of protein per pound of body weight. What this tells us is that you don't need nearly as much protein to trigger muscle growth. What they did find, however, with that study was that protein oxidation increased. What does that mean? That means excess protein was oxidized, meaning there was too much protein than the body could handle. The next thing that we need to talk about here is beta hydroxybutyrate, which is the main ketone body that is produced while you're in ketosis. A ketone is just an energy source alternative to carbohydrates. Beta hydroxybutyrate is the main one that I generally reference. Well, in this particular case, it's been found that beta hydroxybutyrate actually preserves muscle from breaking down. So many people will tell you that you will waste away and lose all your muscle when you're on a ketogenic diet. Not the case at all. Beta hydroxybutyrate actually slows that process down as long as your calorie needs are in the right place. You have enough calories to make sure you're not dropping too much weight. In fact, the Journal of Clinical Investigation actually published a study. This one's pretty intriguing. It found that the presence of beta hydroxybutyrate promoted protein synthesis. It didn't just stop the breakdown of muscle or stop the breakdown of protein. It actually promoted protein synthesis, which means that having ketones in your blood encouraged your body to build more muscle. Okay. Now, this next one I want to talk about is protein synthesis in the presence of no carbs. It kind of builds off of the last one, but what's interesting is it finds that even when ketone bodies aren't really present, we're still able to create just as much muscle in the absence of carbohydrates as we are in the presence of carbohydrates. This study was also published in the Journal of Applied Physiology. This study took test subjects for a period of 6 weeks and they gave them either a high carbohydrate diet or a low carbohydrate diet. Well, what they found is at the end of six weeks of resistance training, both groups had the same level of protein synthesis. Now, one wasn't necessarily a ketogenic diet. It was just low carb. So, that proves that even when beta hydroxybutyrate, the ketone body, is not present, we are still able to produce just as much muscle without the presence of carbohydrates as we are with the presence of carbohydrates. I think we just get confused because carbohydrates make our muscles feel a little bit more full and sometimes give us a little bit more temporary strength. Which leads me to the next thing I want to talk about something known as the creatine phosphate system. When we work out we have three different energy systems. The creatine phosphate system which gives us energy from the start to say maybe the first three or four reps or maybe when you're first starting out a sprint. Then we have the anorobic system which utilizes carbohydrates. That's the system that gives you energy from maybe say five to maybe 15 reps or so. And then we have the aerobic system, which is like your endurance work. Well, when you're on a ketogenic diet, you don't have a whole lot of range in that middle group because you don't have carbohydrates. But you still have a lot of power with that first system, the creatine phosphate system. So, your body actually has the ability to still utilize brute force to get those maximum heavy power lifts, which will trigger muscle hypertrophy. It'll trigger muscle growth. Then since we know that protein synthesis is still high when you're in ketosis, you can still have the stimuli by training heavy and still know that protein synthesis is going to occur to actually allow those muscle fibers to recover to thereby build muscle. Which now I would like to give you the big study that I'm super excited to share with you that takes a look at the ketogenic diet versus the standard western diet as it pertains to burning fat and building muscle at the same time. Yep, you heard me. burn fat and build muscle at the same time. So, here goes. The Journal of the International Society of Sports Nutrition took a look at 26 test subjects. Okay. What they wanted to find here was the effects of the ketogenic diet versus a standard American Western diet on the effects of overall muscle and fat loss. So, here's what they did. They gave one group a traditional ketogenic style diet. They gave them 75% fat. They gave them 5% carbohydrates and 20% protein. The other group they gave 55% carbohydrate, 20% protein, and 25% fat. So, a little bit more average, if you will. Well, they studied them for 11 weeks. And guess what they found at the end of 11 weeks? The low carb, ketogenic, high-fat group ended up building 2.1 kg more muscle than the other group. Not in total, 2.1 kg more than the other group. But get this, they also burned 2.2 2 kg more fat than the other group. So, they built more muscle than the Western carbohydrate diet and they simultaneously burned more fat than the carbohydrate diet, proving that you can build muscle and burn fat on the ketogenic diet. Big thank you to the International Society of Sports Nutrition for publishing this one. So, there you have it. Science doesn't lie. We've got multiple studies that show the ketogenic diet won't cause you to waste away. In fact, it'll actually encourage your body to build more muscle and stay quite lean. As always, keep it locked in here on my channel. If you have ideas for future videos, you know where to put them. I'll see you soon.

- 3 High Protein Smoothies I Super Creamy I Low Carb and Keto: Kind: captions Language: en for me like when I was really actively like&nbsp; trying to lose weight this is what I would&nbsp;&nbsp; have as my dessert cuz it literally tastes&nbsp; like it tastes like a [Music] shake hey guys&nbsp;&nbsp; welcome back to my channel I'm Mayra from low&nbsp; carb love now for those of you that don't know&nbsp;&nbsp; I've lost 100 lb by making healthier versions&nbsp; of some of my favorite foods so today I want&nbsp;&nbsp; to show you how I make a healthier version of&nbsp; my smoothies now I grew up drinking shakes I&nbsp;&nbsp; grew up um going to Jamba Juice and getting&nbsp; smoothies and those are usually loaded with&nbsp;&nbsp; sugar loaded with carbs loaded with calories and&nbsp; yes they are delicious but I make super delicious&nbsp;&nbsp; smoothies that literally taste just as good if&nbsp; not better but don't have all that Sugar they're&nbsp;&nbsp; a lot lower in calories so if you're trying to&nbsp; lose some weight or just trying to like drink&nbsp;&nbsp; a healthy protein shake that tastes delicious but&nbsp; doesn't have all that junk in there then you can&nbsp;&nbsp; definitely make some of my smoothies so one of my&nbsp; favorite is a berry smoothie like a really creamy&nbsp;&nbsp; berry smoothie I also love like a chocolate&nbsp; peanut butter smoothie and a green smoothie&nbsp;&nbsp; so I know green smoothies are usually like they&nbsp; just feel really healthy and just like not the&nbsp;&nbsp; vibe but trust me mine is so delicious and I'm&nbsp; just going to um kind of walk you through them&nbsp;&nbsp; they're so easy to make and you get all that&nbsp; protein so you're nourishing your body while&nbsp;&nbsp; literally tasting like you're having dessert&nbsp; okay so the first one we're going to make is&nbsp;&nbsp; the berries and cream I like using frozen berries&nbsp; just because it adds kind of like that like you&nbsp;&nbsp; know when your shake is nice and thick I feel&nbsp; like the the frozen berries do that of course&nbsp;&nbsp; you can use fresh okay fresh is going to give it&nbsp; a delicious taste as well but the Frozen will just&nbsp;&nbsp; give you more of like that frappe you know that&nbsp; frappe feel so for the yogurt now you can use a&nbsp;&nbsp; regular yogurt like a Greek yogurt yogurt this&nbsp; has 18 g of protein okay protein is great for&nbsp;&nbsp; your muscles protein is great for your bones&nbsp; like it's just I feel like the more you focus&nbsp;&nbsp; on protein in your meals the more you're going&nbsp; to feel satiated throughout the day so overall&nbsp;&nbsp; just better for your body okay so let's start&nbsp; off with our yogurt I'm just going to do about&nbsp;&nbsp; I like to do it's kind of like less than half cup&nbsp; a little bit more than 1/4 cup or frozen berries okay and then we are going to do our protein&nbsp; I'm just going to do a little vanilla protein&nbsp;&nbsp; and I do like to add some additional ice some&nbsp; unsweetened almond milk don't worry the exact&nbsp;&nbsp; measurements will be in the description below&nbsp; for you and the ice is good because it makes&nbsp;&nbsp; it taste again like thicker and like a frappe&nbsp; so that's pretty much it you can add additional&nbsp;&nbsp; sweetener if you want like some Stevia but&nbsp; protein shakes are already sweetened and&nbsp;&nbsp; then you have the berries and the I don't&nbsp; feel like you actually need additional um sweetener okay and then I got these really cool&nbsp; little smoothie they're kind of like the I think&nbsp;&nbsp; they're like Boba cups I just get them on Amazon&nbsp; I feel like they look so cute and they just make&nbsp;&nbsp; me feel like I'm really having like a Jamba Juice&nbsp; Smoothie okay so here look at that how beautiful&nbsp;&nbsp; full of nutrients so you're literally nourishing&nbsp; your body so much protein and honestly they taste&nbsp;&nbsp; so delicious these are so literally so good if&nbsp; you are trying to lose a few pounds this is a&nbsp;&nbsp; great way to kind of keep you satiated and for&nbsp; me like when I was really actively like trying&nbsp;&nbsp; to lose weight this is what I would have as my&nbsp; dessert cuz it literally tastes like it tastes&nbsp;&nbsp; like a shake like it tastes like something that's&nbsp; unhealthy so this is always something that you&nbsp;&nbsp; can have in your back pocket as like a little&nbsp; trick instead of dessert have something that is&nbsp;&nbsp; going to nourish your body and give you that extra&nbsp; protein the berries and cream is so good for that&nbsp;&nbsp; so here's one okay so as much as I love my berry&nbsp; smoothie sometimes I'm in a huge rush so what I&nbsp;&nbsp; like to do is use my this is the chocolate peanut&nbsp; butter flavor cuz it already has the flavor and I&nbsp;&nbsp; use this one from flave city that has everything&nbsp; in it so this is not like a protein powder this&nbsp;&nbsp; is like a protein smoothie it has organic banana&nbsp; the cacao powder peanut butter powder coconut milk&nbsp;&nbsp; so it makes it nice and creamy you could actually&nbsp; make this one in water but I love making it still&nbsp;&nbsp; with just a little bit of unsweet and almond milk&nbsp; it has cips RI powder which is great for focus it&nbsp;&nbsp; even is made with um Stevia and monk fruit so&nbsp; you don't add all that additional sugar so it&nbsp;&nbsp; basically comes all in one and all I do is my&nbsp; scoop add a little bit of ice so that it is um&nbsp;&nbsp; really cold this one was formulated so that you&nbsp; don't even need a blender and when I'm literally&nbsp;&nbsp; in a rush I just shake it up and this is literally&nbsp; something that I take when I'm on the go if I'm&nbsp;&nbsp; going to go take my daughter to school if I'm&nbsp; working and I literally just I'm hungry and I&nbsp;&nbsp; want to get that protein into my body don't have&nbsp; time to bust out the blender don't want to get&nbsp;&nbsp; all the extra ingredients this has everything in&nbsp; one scoop but this one is also the plant-based I&nbsp;&nbsp; really love their regular version as well so it&nbsp; really is just personal preference but I have&nbsp;&nbsp; been um drinking this one and it comes out nice&nbsp; and thick look it I don't know if you could see&nbsp;&nbsp; like how nice and creamy it is but it is a nice&nbsp; thick creamy Shake without blending it literally&nbsp;&nbsp; just shaking it so I love this as well because&nbsp; I get all my protein nourishing my body and it&nbsp;&nbsp; is so so quick oh my gosh this is so delicious&nbsp; if you have tried the chocolate peanut butter&nbsp;&nbsp; the dairy version this one is just as good if&nbsp; not better and it's plant-based so if you're&nbsp;&nbsp; trying to stay away from dairy this one is really&nbsp; really delicious you can use my discount code as&nbsp;&nbsp; well it's LCL 15 for 15% off so I'll leave the&nbsp; link in the description below and then we have&nbsp;&nbsp; the green smoothie I don't know if some days you&nbsp; wake up and you're like I just want to be like&nbsp;&nbsp; healthy girl today like I you feel like having&nbsp; salads like you feel like having um just like&nbsp;&nbsp; things that are nice and fresh this one is it but&nbsp; even even though it looks really healthy it is so&nbsp;&nbsp; delicious and that's like the best part of it all&nbsp; have my ice I always like to add ice because it&nbsp;&nbsp; always gives me that um texture of like a smoothie&nbsp; some strawberries I'm going to add in our protein powder I'm going to add in a little chia seeds but chia seeds are super okay&nbsp; so chia seeds also contain protein&nbsp;&nbsp; then we have our almond butter you can use peanut butter now we're going to add in our spinach probably jamming it in there&nbsp; too hard and our unsweetened almond milk okay now we blend okay and here you have your green smoothie&nbsp; and I'm telling you this does not taste healthy&nbsp;&nbsp; it tastes delicious any one of these smoothies&nbsp; that you make whether it's the green whether&nbsp;&nbsp; it's the chocolate peanut butter or the berries&nbsp; you're going to love like these are my personal&nbsp;&nbsp; recipes that I've been using for years you're&nbsp; going to love them I cannot wait for you to try&nbsp;&nbsp; them when you do make sure you come back comment&nbsp; down below let me know what you think I really&nbsp;&nbsp; love hearing your feedback um if you make any&nbsp; tweaks to them let me know but if you like this&nbsp;&nbsp; video make sure you hit that like button and don't&nbsp; forget to hit the little bell notification so that&nbsp;&nbsp; you're reminded every time I post a video if you&nbsp; have friends and family that are either on a diet&nbsp;&nbsp; trying to live a low carb lifestyle or maybe just&nbsp; trying to make healthier choices in their life&nbsp;&nbsp; please share my channel share this video because&nbsp; you never know it might be super super helpful&nbsp;&nbsp; for them but thank you so much for being here&nbsp; I love you and I'll see you on my next video m

- TACOS FOR WEIGHT LOSS. Keto Gluten Free. HOW TO LOSE 20 POUNDS A MONTH. HOW TO LOSE WEIGHT FAST: Kind: captions Language: en 10 Hawaiian tacos. That's right, my friends. 10 Hawaiian tacos made with my secret recipes that I love sharing with you because these are not secrets. No, my friends, every single movie star that visited Hawaii and every single star that worked for series like Hawaii 5, the series Lost, and every Magnum, and I can go on and on, but no, my friends, here with the Hawaiian diet, everyone loses weight. everyone loses weight and eats healthy, which is the most important thing. That's why I love to share with The Rock Johnson. You know, The Rock always shares his Hawaiian recipes anywhere and everywhere. I put them in a book as well, The Hawaiian Diet. You better believe it. It's on Amazon along with my other novels that I'll talk about in a moment because Hawaii inspires you to write, take a vacation, come over, enjoy each and every meal, every day in the islands of Hawaii. You learn to eat healthy. You get as lean as you want. I'll talk to you about the dancers who are those lady dancers are so beautiful and the guys are always like showing off their muscle, their physique. The point is that in Hawaii, you eat like a king. Ladies, you eat like a queen and you keep the body of a princess. That's what we do here in the Hawaiian diet. So, what do you say we get started with this recipe? Cuz today we are making Hawaiian tacos and we are starting right now. [Applause] [Music] Welcome back, my friends. My name is Ralph. I'm the author of the book The Hawaiian Diet. And if this is your first time here, please subscribe, subscribe, subscribe. I always, always love sharing each and every secret because when I make my smoothies, whether I make them, of course, with coconut milk. I make them with pineapple, mango, strawberries, blueberries, raspberries, you name it. Here with the Hawaiian diet, you're going to lose weight each and every day. What do you say we get started with the ingredients? Okay, cuz I know you're going to love these tacos. To make these tacos, you need something uh in no particular order, okay? We're going to use a cup of shrimp already fully cooked, but you can use raw. I'll explain in a minute. Today, I'm working with iceberg lettuce, onions, uh tomato, cilantro, jalapeno. You can also use red pepper flakes. Don't forget your salt, pepper, and oregano, a little garlic if you like. Uh you can use lemon or lime juice. And of course, it's very important that I mention that I work again with no processed food, keto uh shells, whether you want to use the hard shells or the soft tacos, make sure it's ketocertified, always ketocertified. And of course, the uh fat burning ingredient, it's right here. It's a secret that I have, and of course, I'm going to share it with you in one second. Now, it's very important that we know I don't work with allpurpose flour. I keep repeating that because I only work with coconut flour. Coconut flour. Coconut flour. And now, what do you say? I explain how it is that we put everything together. Okay. Okay. So, now the next step, we're going to make the shrimp. Again, they're already precooked, but I want to make it clear that if they're raw, you're going to cook them in a matter of three. Four minutes is a little too much. But what do you say before I make the whole mix that we're going to make for to fill in the tacos, we do the shrimp first. Okay. So to go uh you know you can use a pan, a skillet. It's up to you. I use a little coconut oil spray or a little regular coconut oil. You can also use a little butter and uh you put the shrimp there and salt, pepper, a little garlic, red pepper flakes. And just take your time. Take your time. You can also add a a little Italian seasoning. Again, I love using oregano, fresh oregano, dried oregano. You can even use fresh basil. It's always up to you. Cilantro, the whole nine yards. you know, always feel free to get creative and in a matter of minutes, you're going to get uh those. Now, before we put them in a shell, I got to make the salad mix that I'm going to make. That salad mix is fat burning with the Hawaiian secret ingredient that I'm about to share with you. So, what do I do? Well, first we're going to dice everything nicely. You know, the tomatoes, the jalapeno, the cilantro, the this and that. And the thinner the lettuce, the iceberg lettuce, even better, cuz we're going to mix it all up. Mix it all up. Um, you know, I'm I'm going to use, of course, a salt and pepper, some lime juice, uh, and are you ready for the secret ingredient, my friends? Are you ready? It's no secret. It's no secret. It's coconut vinegar. Coconut vinegar. I mean, this is the Hawaiian diet. What did you expect it was going to be? Coconut vinegar is the number one vinegar on planet Earth, as well as coconut milk when I make my smoothies. That's why I want you to pick up my my um book on Amazon, you know, so that you can do the detox plan on Friday, Saturday, Sunday is what I recommend so that you can start eating solid foods on Monday. That's why I always like to talk about my books. Again, I wrote some novels and we'll talk about them in a second. But what do you say we mix everything together? I mean, I've already mixed it up, but now this is how we put together the tacos. Okay, this is how we put them together. What do we do? Well, we start with a salad mix, of course. very healthy salad mix with the coconut vinegar on top of the lime juice and all. The flavor is going to be incredible. That's just the part where you need to write me and tell me how much you enjoyed these tacos. You're going to put them all together. All together with the shrimp on top, shrimp on top. And look at this, my friends. I mean, look at this. 10. Not four, six, or even eight. No, 10. Sometimes I make 20 if friends and family come over and they're not enough because they want more and more. And I make some um amazing seafood burritos. Wait till you try my burritos. Wait till you try every recipe. It's in No, correction. In my book, you get new recipes. The one I share here are exclusive for you. I promise you, you are not going to get a repeat if you pick up my book because that's special for you and only you. And what I prepare here is also for you, but it is different because I don't want you to get the same thing. Now, to bring up my novels, I want you to if you enjoy a good read this summer, please pick up one of my novels, The Wallet, the story of a doctor that goes to Hawaii after the tsunami because he found finds a wallet and wants to know if the family survived. So, he goes on a journey of self-discovery to Tokyo. And I know you're going to love my novel, The Wallet. Okay. His name is uh Michael Filillmore. Dr. Michael Filillmore finds a wallet in San Francisco Bay and flies to Japan to see if the family survived. And the other one, not a biography of Princess Diana, but this is Princess Die, Diana's twisted reality, a story about the real Diana. Who is the real Diana? Why is the staff so freaking mean to her? If you want to find out the secret that she holds, halfway towards the book, you're going to be like, "No way." Some people have said on Amazon that this should be made into a movie, but please, I appreciate your great reviews whether you pick up my novel or my novels or my diet book, The Hawaiian Diet. So, my friends, please please again look at this. I mean, this is incredible. I mean, these these this is how you start your day every day, breakfast, lunch, and dinner. Wait till you try my kiche, my omelets, my shrimp omelets. I mean, I can make you breakfast burritos, lunch burritos, anything and everything. But before I say aloha, I want to beg you to please, please go for a walk. You don't have to do any strenuous workouts. You've seen those ridiculous workouts that you see on those TV shows. There's none none of that here. Here, it's all about healthy eating. Each and every day, you are going to burn the pounds away the healthy way cuz that's what we do here at the Hawaiian diet. So my friends, thank you so much. I am just so honored that you join me each and every day. Please forward me to your friends, your family because we are all friends here. This is the island of aloha and I want you to spread the love to believe in you because everything's going to be great. You are going to look better and feel better each and every day and burn the pounds away with the Hawaiian diet. So see you on the next video. I'll be right here waiting for you. Aloha.

- NACHO MAMA NACHOS - KETO LOW CARB - HOW TO BURN BELLY FAT AND LOSE 20 POUNDS A MONTH - NO OZEMPIC: Kind: captions Language: en Look at this, my friends. Look at this. Low carb, absolutely no corn, no flour, no allpurpose flour. This is how you lose weight with the Hawaiian diet. You can get rid of your cholesterol. Get rid of your high blood pressure. Do not worry about spiking your blood sugar. This is the Hawaiian diet, my friends. My friends, I mean, I invite you to eat like this every single day of your lives. You do not have to worry about high blood pressure. Again, all that is bad. It is bad when you keep eating all that salt, all that sugar, all that processed food that's in the stores. You know, it's there. This is how we eat with the Hawaiian diet. I am happy to share all the secrets that I learned day after day. Hawaiians are not only the happiest, they are the healthiest state in the US of A in case you didn't know. So, I invite you, my friends, to please subscribe. Let's get started. Let's talk about nutrition because if this is the way you can eat every day, you are going to burn the pounds away. And we are starting right now. [Music] back, my friends. My name is Ralph. I'm the author of the book The Hawaiian Diet. And if this is your first time here, please subscribe, subscribe, subscribe. I have so many Hawaiian secrets to share with you. I want you to order my book because I want you to do the detox plan. You know, I want you to detoxify uh Friday, Saturday, Sunday. I recommend so that you can start eating solid foods on Monday. And with a Hawaiian diet, you don't have to worry about anything processed. Wait till you see how I make these nachos. Nothing that comes out of a bag or comes out of a, you know, like a plastic container like cereal, pasta, and all that stuff that makes you gain weight. No way. None of that. So, please, please, please do me just one favor besides subscribing, of course. I want you to weigh yourself every single morning. I want you to tell me, tell yourself what kind of goal you want to reach because I can make the best pizzas, the best Hawaiian tacos, the best shrimp, fish, everything you can think of. But we do it one day at a time, one pound at a time, and you are going to love the results. So, what do you say we get started with the ingredients? The ingredients are always, always just my favorite. lentils, which not only are high in fiber, high in protein, but I mean, do you don't have to worry about your blood sugar, you don't have to worry about your blood pressure. Plus, they're gluten-free, 96% ground beef, cheese, sour cream. We're going to use four tomatoes, onions, lemon, cilantro, jalapeno, garlic, salt, and pepper, cumin, oregano, and avocados. And the secret ingredient is in this little white uh little cup that I'm going to share with you. The secret ingredient to make the fat burning salsa. I mean this fat burning salsa with that secret ingredient that if you watch me all the time, you already know what it is. But if you don't, you're going to learn more and more today and every day. Okay. So, let me tell you how easy it is to make the tostada. you know the nachos because today we're making round nacho tostadas to make this seven layer nachos with like 15 16 nachos now round nachos today but I make them triangular. I make them all every single kind you can think of. So let me show you how easy it is to make the batter to make the nachos. Okay, to make the nachos all you have to do is soak one cup of lentils and two cups of water. those two cups of water. They let them soak for like three to four hours and then blend them for three to four minutes and you're gonna get this wonderful batter that looks like pancake mix. You see this pancake mix, which I'll explain in a minute what you're going to do with it. So, after you blend it, this is what we're going to do. We're going to place it in the oven. But first, a little oil spray, coconut oil spray, so that you can place it in. I'm using a whether it's a pizza rack, a cookie rack, you know, for baking. All you do is just make them. You know, I'm making some small, some big because we're going to make a pyramid of a nachos, right? A layer after layer. So, you know, just take your time with a spoon. All over. All over. And you're going to put it in the oven in a preheated oven of 400° for 20 minutes. 20 minutes for 400°. Now, when you get them out, they're going to be nice and crispy, and that's when you start putting the cheese. Then I'll get into more details. But my friends, please again subscribe. Subscribe. We got to talk nutrition before I complete this. I have to insist my friends. If you want to get rid of high blood pressure, don't you worry. Do not worry about none of this spiking your blood sugar, my friends. Okay? I know you got to watch your glucose, but guess what? You're going to be fine because lentils do not spike your sugar. I hope you know that. And everything is gluten-free. Here with a Hawaiian diet, I use a little keto, a little South Beach diet, a little Mediterranean, a little this and that. But when it comes to seafood, lean cuts of beef. Today, I'm using Hawaiian ground beef. 96% it's really very healthy. Okay, so now let's get that out of the oven so that we can put the cheese on top. Cheese on top so that we can put it back in the oven, you know, after we spread the cheese all over so that we can start doing the beef. So they'll be done pretty much at the same time because the beef only takes like 5 minutes, you know, 5 to 7, no more than 8 minutes. Depends on how much you're making, right? So now what are we going to do? We're going to uh leave them there in the oven. And then we start with the beef, salt and pepper, cumin, oregano, and just, you know, throw in um cuz we're using two tomatoes and half of the onion. The other half is for the salsa. Don't worry, I'll explain everything right now. Okay. So then uh we mix it all up, you know, with the onions, the tomato, the cilantro. I mean, it's going to be amazing. You just got to know that these are going to be the best nachos you've ever had. Okay. So then when you bring them out, what do you do? You put the beef on top. Beef on top. So that we can, you know, you don't need to put them back in the oven because now they're nice and toasted with the cheese. Plus, the meat is so hot that it's just perfect right now. Just start making your layers. You see how we're going to put one layer, another layer, and another layer. And uh before I go on, I want to show you how easy it is to make the salsa. Now, the salsa has that secret ingredient that I'm bragging about. I love to show off the secrets. And the secret is, are you ready? Okay, let's make the salsa. Just mix it up. A little salt and pepper, of course, some lemon juice. Lemon or lime, it doesn't matter. And here is a secret ingredient, my friends. This is the secret ingredient. Coconut vinegar. Coconut vinegar is the best vinegar on planet earth. And I am not just saying that because my wonderful friends in Hawaii taught me all of the Hawaiian secrets. You are going to lose burn the pounds every day. Again, you're going to get rid of high blood pressure. You will not have to worry about your diabetes as much as you are. But please, if you're diabetic, my friends, go get your medication always. But I always say for those people that are not diabetic, don't be abusing ompage or mandaria or whatever it's called. I know what it's called, but you know what I mean, my friends. You don't need none of that. Let's lose weight the natural way. Keep it off and always keep a healthy lifestyle. Okay. So, what do we do now to complete the nachos? We keep with the layers, layer after layer after layer. And again, this is after mixing the wonderful salsa, putting the salsa on top, some jalapenos. I have some uh of course avocados. And look how wonderful it's coming out. And uh now you tell me, my friends. Now you tell me. You tell me. These are not the best nachos you've ever seen, but wait, wait, wait. This is a I know this is a nacho mountain. This is a nacho volcano. But people every time they saw them and let wait till I make the shrimp ones. I'll make the shrimp, the fish. I'll make chicken breast. We can even make them vegetarian. Here with Hawaiian diet, I am going to insist my friends, breathe in, breathe out, go for a walk, enjoy a wonderful walk. Get together with your friends, chitchat, breathe some fresh air. Even going around the block. Those 15, 20 minutes, that's a start. Then you can move to 30, 40 minutes. Once you do 45 minutes or an hour a day and you eat like this, my friends, 20, 40, 60, 80 pounds or more, do not worry. for the Hawaiian diet. You have a friend here, author of the book, The Hawaiian Diet. I want you to celebrate life day after day after day. And remember, my friends, you are going to burn the pounds away. Thank you so much for joining me. Please enjoy, enjoy. Look at this again. Enjoy, enjoy. This is how you eat every single day and burn the pounds away. And I can hardly wait to see you on the next video. I'll be right here waiting for you. Okay, aloha.

- 200 CALORIE PIZZA BURGER - HAWAIIAN KETO - HOW TO BURN BELLY FAT with NO Ozempic Wegovy Mounjaro.: Kind: captions Language: en celebrities love them and so will you my friends these are the 200 calorie cheeseburgers the Hawaiian secret that I'm about to share with you because if celebrities love them I know I know you're going to absolutely not only devour them but make them for your friends your family and parties and all these these Burgers my friends are made with Hawaiian lean beef the big island of Hawaii has the most amazing grass-fed like you can find organic beef anywhere and everywhere I know but when you come to Hawaii please make sure you ask for the big island of Hawaii Hawaii beef cuz it's incredible 97% ground beef 24 grams I mean of protein and I can go on and on but I won't I want you to do me a big favor I want you to subscribe give me a thumbs up because we are going to melt the pounds away and wait till you try these Burgers my friends nothing nothing to worry about other than plan a trip to Hawaii go show off your body say goodbye to the pounds and we are starting right [Music] now welcome back my friends my name is Ralph I'm the author of the book the Hawaiian diet and if this is your first time here please please please subscribe subscribe subscribe and give me a thumbs up so that that I can send recipe after recipe your way today I'm very excited about this celebrity famous I mean everybody loves these one they would go to Honolulu the restaurants and all which I used to have a restaurant in Honolulu which I mentioned and you'll read about it in the book and my recipes are all there over 100 smoothies over I'm not going to give it away my friends please let's do the detox plan so you can eliminate you have to do the detox and cleansing so that you can start eating solid foods like I recommend the detox on a Friday Saturday Sunday so as of Monday you can eat solid foods and boy are you going to see the pounds melt away my friends let's get started with this recipe today I'm working with Hawaiian ground beef incredible 97% uh ground beef onions tomato pepperoni mushroom zucchini cheese salt and pepper a little oregano I'm using cumin today iceberg lettuce and later we'll add the Mayo the ketchup the pickles and a little mustard now to mix our veggies with a the beef I'll explain in a minute you don't need any flour we don't do none of that today we're not doing any bread even though I make bread with no flour you know that if you follow me here and you can use the the cheese Shredder you can use the food processor you can even dice it with a a a knife now when it comes to that we are going to use three of them we're going to shred a little bit of onions eight mushrooms right and one zucchini now don't worry about the little excess liquid whatever just press it like that you know what I'm saying you don't need none of that uh uh some people use a towel and whatever just use your hands go like that and then watch how easy it is to mix it all up mix it all up we don't need any eggs for this recipe you don't need any flour we don't use flour it's going to stick and it's going to look beautiful just you watch give me a minute so you can see how wonderful they're going to look and in a matter of minutes you have these two two huge huge patties aren't they great well those two patties we are going to take in the in the preheated oven for 400 40 minutes for 4 right I'm sometimes I get all excited and I want to say too many things 400° for 40 minutes 400° for 40 minutes and watch what's going to happen let's put them in the oven and also let me tell you that you probably didn't know that mushrooms and iini you probably didn't know the vitamin value did you well let me share with you my friends that mushrooms are not only rich in vitamin B they're great for your heart for you they're great for immune boosters antioxidants and cancer prevention and when it comes to zucchinis they're good for your digestive health for your weight management rich in vitamin C blood sugar control and again also good for your heart and your bones so please my friends add those veggies to your diet that's why the celebrity secrets and they do share the secrets I'm happy to say that The Rock Johnson one of hello one of the most famous right Hawaiian movie stars he has shared how much he loves his burgers and he also loves them with bison you know the American buffalo so whether you use venison bison the other day someone wrote me about using venison go for it lean meat is great for you so okay my friends the burgers are in the oven when we bring them out this is what we're going to do we're going to do a layer of cheese cheese cheese cheese and then some pepperoni and then top it up with more cheese more cheese and then more pepperoni on top I mean they they are just going to be so amazing amazing amazing I just love to use the word amazing because they are amazing right so we're going to put them back in the oven for for another 5 minutes only 5 minutes because you know I need the cheese to melt down the pepperoni today I am using turkey pepperoni which is 65% leaner than the regular pepperoni and it's less greasy which may even though you're going to see a little grease it's beyond delicious and you will not notice that it's turkey pepperoni but why don't you try both and I have some pizza recipes that you can check out on my channel where I do half Pizza turkey pepperoni and half regular so let's get it out of the oven let's get it out of the oven my friends and look at that look at this my friends is this incredible or what this is how you lose weight every day with a Hawaiian diet these celebrity famous burgers and the movie stars love them when they visit Hawaii when they order food from all the restaurants around they love these kind of recipes because they maintain the weight they lose weight of course celebrities are always on a diet right but with a Hawaiian diet you don't have to worry about gaining weight no processed food no excess sugar nothing that has those chemicals and I can go on and on but I won't I just need a big favor from you please order my book so that you can do the detox plan again detox and cleansing is very important I recommend you do the Friday Saturday Sunday detox only 3 days none of that 12 14 21-day detox those are dangerous and I don't want you to do none of that you don't need woi mararo OIC you don't need none of these I'm happy to say that if you're diabetic I respect that okay I know you got to get your medicine but don't be experimenting with those things with diet pills you don't need none of that my friends join me all the time and I am going to share with you recipe after recipe because you are going to burn the pounds away thank you so much for joining me my friends I love you all and I will see you on the next video aloha