- TOP 20 Interview Questions & Answers for FRESHERS! (PASS GUARANTEED!): Kind: captions Language: en hi there my name is richard mcmunn from the interview training company passmyinterview.com and in this tutorial i'm going to give you my top 20 interview questions and answers for freshers so if you have a job interview coming up for any organization or any role whatsoever make sure you stay tuned because i promise to help you pass your interview now this is what i'm going to cover during the presentation i will tell you the top 20 interview questions for that i strongly recommend you prepare for i'm going to give you brilliant unique answers to those questions that i guarantee will score highly and i will also tell you about further resources you can get access to including these slides to help you pass your interview and just quickly make sure you do subscribe to this channel lots of you are passing your job interviews as a result of the questions and answers and i don't want you to miss out throughout your career i will help you to succeed let's get straight into the training and the first question that i want you to prepare for is introduce yourself now this might be posed as tell me about yourself and the important thing when you answer this question is to make sure you are positive talk about the skills and qualities you already have that will help you in the position and tell them what you will do if they hire you in the role here's my example answer to the first question introduce yourself i am very positive confident and happy in my life with what i have achieved so far i am good with people i believe my communication skills are strong and i feel i will work well as part of a team for example whilst undertaking my studies i was a part of several societies and groups and i always made sure i supported my fellow students to help them improve in areas i excelled in i am ready to take up this challenge with your company and i see it as a brilliant opportunity for me to not only use the skills and qualities i do have but to learn many more from the bright and talented people that work here so that's a great answer it is relatively short but it is punchy and positive and it sets you up with confidence for the rest of your interview the next question i want you to prepare for is why do you want to work here so here's my example answer i want to work here for two main reasons firstly the role i am applying for and the sector you occupy are the ones i want to work in long term this means i will be totally committed to the position and to the goals of your organization secondly you have a fantastic reputation within your sector which means i will get to learn from people who set high standards and who want to continually grow and develop so that's another really good answer it shows you've carried out a bit of research into their organization and you are giving genuine and valid reasons why you want to work there and those are ones that will help you progress within your career interview question number three what are your strengths as i am sure you are aware this question is guaranteed to come up during your interview and the trick to answering this question is to make sure you align the strengths you have to the requirements of the role and here's how to do it in my example answer what are your strengths although i lack in work experience i more than make up for it in my ability to learn things quickly the fact i love working with other people on challenging tasks and projects and also the fact that i am a meticulous planner who sees things through to the end whilst making sure the work i do carry out is to a high standard finally another one of my strengths is the fact i am always open to learning if you think i need to improve in a particular area tell me and i will go away and sort it out another very strong answer the next question interview question number four what are your weaknesses so this is a difficult question to answer regardless of the role that you are going for what we need to avoid is giving a weakness that is a match or a requirement for the role that you're applying for so here's a great answer to this common freshers interview question what are your weaknesses one of the weaknesses i am aware of is the fact i am quite impatient i often feel this whilst i'm driving my car behind people who are slow i am trying to be more patient however and one way i am overcoming this is to be mindful of the situation i am in another weakness is i currently lack leadership qualities i have seen other people of my age demonstrate better leadership capabilities than myself and this is something i am keen to address once i start working here i like that answer because a lot of people will say when they respond to the question what are your weaknesses oh i'm a bit of a perfectionist and the interviewer has heard that a hundred times before that is an honest answer and there's nothing wrong with lacking leadership capabilities when you are just starting out in work but you are saying yes that's one area i i want to improve on and impatience is not a bad weakness to have because it shows that you're keen to progress and get your tasks completed interview question number five why should we hire you again this is guaranteed to come up and this is your opportunity to stand out during your interview here's my example answer to help you you should hire me because this is an industry i want to work in which means i will be keen to not only impress you but also learn everything there is to know about the role you should hire me because i am a fast learner and whilst i will need some supervision you won't need to constantly hold my hand this means you will see that i am quickly able to add value to your finally you should hire me because i believe i am good with people this means whenever i have contact with your customers or clients i will represent your business in a positive way that's a really really good answer it's unique and you are giving many different reasons why they should hire you now don't go anywhere because i still have 15 more questions and answers to work through with you but when you're ready if you want to click that link in the top right hand corner of the video it will take you through to my website pastmyinterview.com and you can download my full set of 20 great answers to interview questions for freshers and they're basically the ones i'm covering within these slides interview question number six what are your short and long term goals another question that's similar to this one is where do you see yourself in five or ten years time but this one is what are your short and long-term goals here's my example answer my short-term goals are to get hired in this position and to learn the role as quickly as possible so i can become self-sufficient and continually achieve great things with my co-workers i believe the way to self-improvement and development is through collaborative working so i aim to become a competent teamworker as soon as possible my long-term goals are to work for your company either in this position or in a more senior one but i realize i will need to work hard and impress you consistently to achieve that which i am committed to doing so outside of work i am saving up for a deposit to buy my first home so my performance at work is definitely linked to that goal i like that answer because you are talking about your short-term goals and long-term goals which are applicable to their company and then you are telling them a goal that you have outside of work that is linked directly to your performance at work so there is a motivator for you to do a good job the next question interview question number seven how well do you handle stress and pressure this is a common interview question for freshers here's my example answer i already have some experience of this during my studies whilst i do appreciate the pressure involved is not to the same level as work pressure i believe i have a good approach to managing it i handle stress by making sure i am organized if i know what i'm doing in my work then i am far more likely to achieve my goals i always plan what i need to be doing during the coming week if i plan i can foresee any problems and act accordingly finally i handle stress by always remaining calm if you get flustered or anxious you cannot focus on the task in hand or do your job properly that shows that you already have a plan in place for handling stress and pressure and it is not going to be an issue for you interview question number eight what do you know about our company again this is guaranteed to come up you need to carry out some research before you go along to the interview here's my example answer before the interview i spent time reading up on your history and your achievements i went onto your website and you have an impressive track record of creating great products and services that clearly your customers love i also went onto your linkedin corporate page and the work you do in local communities shows you are not just interested in profit and growth but you also want to give back too which is great to see now from what i could tell during my research you are an innovative and creative company who wants to continually learn grow and develop so just by mentioning that you've been on their website and their linkedin corporate page so that you have carried out some research before your interview and you are aware of what they do as an organization interview question number nine what's your greatest achievement to date so if you have an history of achievement that shows you are likely to repeat that in the role here's my example answer this would have to be in a work experience role i undertook during my studies i was fortunate enough to work as part of a project team for four weeks helping them to build a website for one of their important clients now the website was huge in terms of content and it had multiple plugins that needed configuring now although i had no previous web development experience i helped the team with creating the content and organizing the wireframe for the website design it was a great achievement because we managed to get the entire website built in just under four weeks so think about something you've done where you've you know achieved something significant in either your educational studies or any work experience placement or a sporting activity for example interview question number 10 what are your hobbies and interests so this question comes up quite a lot during interviews because they want to know what you get up to outside of work are you the type of person who's going out drinking every weekend with your friends or do you have a stable home life you know are you looking to improve and develop um you know to improve your skills that you can then use within the workplace so here is my example answer what are your hobbies and interests outside of work i like to keep myself fit and active i visit the gym a few times a week and i go brisk walking with my dog in the evenings keeping active helps me to maintain a healthy and positive mindset i'm also keen on self-development and i've just finished reading the book the one thing by gary keller and jay papazan it's a great read for anyone who wants to understand how to achieve success in your career in life when i am not keeping fit or learning i like spending time with my friends and family that's a good answer because it shows that you are looking after yourself from a health perspective because you know you're visiting the gym or going walking you're doing some kind of physical activity you are doing a bit of reading which is good for self-development and that book by the way the one thing i read it a couple of times it's brilliant if you want to achieve things in in life and in your career have a read of it and then you're also mentioning you know that you like spending time with your friends and family which is a good thing number 11. don't forget by the way i hope you're enjoying these as you can see there's a lot of work that goes into it make sure you subscribe i would appreciate that and if you are enjoying them please hit the like button thank you what are the most important qualities in a team here's my example answer the most important qualities are the ability to listen to a brief and follow it to the letter you must support your teammates and you need to be a confident communicator you have to be determined especially when things are going wrong and you must be accountable and adaptable and be able to come up with a plan b if the need arises other important teamwork in qualities include making sure you set defined goals that play on people's strengths and you must embrace change positively in the team and learn from every situation now even though you may not have much experience of working in a team that type of answer shows that you fully understand the important qualities that are relevant to team success interview question 12. what type of environment do you prefer to work in so this question is rather cleverly assessing whether you are someone who just wants to plod along and you know have a safe working environment or do you want something that is buzzing and productive and somewhere that you can continually grow and develop so i would suggest that the lotto one is the best place to work in here is my example answer what type of i prefer to work in a busy productive environment where there's lots going on and people are all generally working towards the same or a similar goal i believe this is the type of environment i would be the happiest in and i would also get to learn from a variety of different people all with varying skill sets and experiences so that shows that you are enthusiastic and you are passionate about your work interview question 13 how would you handle a disagreement with someone in authority wow this is a difficult question so it's important to be mature if you have disagreements now of course it would be good to say i don't tend to have disagreements but you also want to be somebody who puts forward your opinions and your views but if they don't get taken on board then you have to handle them maturely and move on and work towards the goals of the team so here's my example answer for you how would you handle a disagreement with i would hope not to have too many disagreements with my managers or supervisors however if i were to disagree with the decision they made i would not be phased by it i would always respect their experience and knowledge and i would go ahead with what they wanted me to do with vigor and passion i would always put forward my suggestions in a team in a constructive manner but i would also be aware that what i suggest is not always going to be get taken up as other people may have better ideas of how we can achieve our team goals that's the perfect mature response to that question interview question 14 if you experienced conflict with a co-worker what would you do now conflict happens in organizations and teams all of the time but how you respond to it is very important here's my answer for you i would certainly try and sort it out as soon as possible because any conflict has the potential to drag on and hinder the team from moving forward it can also cause other people in the team to be uncomfortable around the people experiencing the conflict i would speak to the person in private to see if we could find a way to reach a compromise and i would assess my own actions and words to see if i were contributing to the conflict hopefully we could find a way forward but if that wasn't possible i would suggest we spoke to our manager or supervisor to see what could be done to facilitate a successful resolution you would want to hire that person because they are mature and they are able to deal with conflict in a professional manner and that's important interview question number 15 how would you deal with a complaint from a customer or a client so you don't need any experience to answer this question but you need to think logically and always put the customer or the client first here is my example answer i would start off by listening to their complaint and whilst doing so i would show effective communication skills there is nothing worse than making a complaint and the person at the other end isn't paying attention after they had the time to speak and vent their concerns i would ask them probing questions to drill down into the problem and to also make sure i had all the information i needed next i would apologize unreservedly for any problems that had been caused and i would put forward a suggestion of how i plan to resolve their complaint once they informed me that they were happy with my suggested solution i would go ahead and take action before contacting them to inform them things had been resolved finally i would apologize once more to the customer before making sure the company learnt any lessons from the complaint and any improvements were implemented that's another rock solid answer this is really good interview question 16 tell me a time when you made a mistake this is a common interview question do not say oh i don't really make mistakes you have to be honest tell them a time you did make a mistake and how you learn from it here we go when i first started studying for my exams i spent many hours reading from textbooks this proved to be a mistake because my mock exam results were not what i was expected to achieve the mistake i made was not just sorry was not understanding exactly how i learn and retain information immediately following my mock results i analyzed the best way for me to learn and that ended up being through visual infographics and being tested with flashcards now being positive about my mistake and not dwelling on it i managed to change the way i studied and my exam results improved significantly that's a great answer if you have no work experience interview question 17 what motivates you what drives you here's my answer for you the thing that motivates me the most is meeting deadlines and completing tasks to a high standard it's always good to receive praise from supervisors and managers and if you do a good job it usually doesn't go unnoticed because we spend so much time at work i want to feel happy in my role but i also want to feel like i am making progress as i mentioned in an earlier response i am saving up for a house at present so doing well at work is certainly a big motivator for me right now that's a great answer interview question 18 how would you how would your previous manager describe you so if you haven't had a previous manager you could say i've not had a manager but my teacher described me in the following ways so when they describe you it's good to give some good things but also an area that you could improve upon here's my example answer when i carried out some work experience a while ago my manager at the time said i was a passionate and driven worker and someone who was also good to be around he also said i needed to slow down and try not to do things too quickly because that's when i made mistakes that was good advice and whilst i still work at a fast pace i make sure everything is done accurately and to a high standard that's a good interview question 19 what are your salary expectations here's a model answer for you i did carry out some research before the interview today and i found out that the average salary for this position for someone of my limited experience is anywhere between twenty thousand dollars and twenty six thousand dollars whilst i personally feel i am worth the higher salary band i understand i must prove to you my worth and on that basis i would be happy with a salary of 22 500 and i feel confident you will see a positive return on your investment if you choose to hire me at that salary that's a good way to negotiate because you are giving a range based on your experience and then you are acknowledging that you need to prove your worth because the worst thing to do would be to go in and say 26 000 is the the top end and i am worth that because you have limited experience interview question number 20 do you have any questions for us it's always good to ask questions at the end of your interview don't say no it's okay you've answered everything for me here's some questions that you should answer you should ask the interviewer thank you yes i just have several questions i would like to ask please number one what has frustrated you about freshers who have held this position in the past i'd be keen to learn from anything they've failed to do question two what are the plans for your company over the next few years and if i proved to be a good employee would there be an opportunity for me to stay here number three what would you want me to concentrate on in the first few weeks of starting in the role if i am successful three very good questions never ask any questions about leave or holiday or anything like that ask questions that are relevant to the company and the role that you are applying for and those are great questions to ask so the next thing make sure you do click that link in the top right hand corner of the video go through to my website my full set of 20 great answers to interview questions for freshers i hope you've enjoyed that it took a little while to work through but i have no doubt it will help you to pass your interview don't forget to hit the subscribe button because i will help you throughout your career i promise you that and please hit the like button i wish you all the best for parting your job interview have a great day

- PHIL ELLIS'S Season 20 Interview | Taskmaster: Kind: captions Language: en Hello. I wanted to do a forward roll then. That could have ended terribly. >> You can still do one if you want. Feels a bit forced now, doesn't it? I feel like I've Phil. Hi. quite natural. >> How you doing? >> I'm good, thank you. How are you? >> I'm good. >> I'm excited to be here. >> Is that Yeah. You all right? >> Yes. Yeah. >> You good? >> I'm here, too. >> You are here. Be weird if you weren't. And I I wonder if anyone's ever broken it. Do you want me to open this? >> Yes. >> Is it a task? >> No. >> Oh, >> sort of. >> Is it? >> It's tasking. Beat Alex at table tennis while being interviewed by him. You must answer one question per point. Look, I score or you score? >> Doesn't matter. >> Cool. Normal table tennis rules apply. Tops off. Where did you play? Your time starts when Alex serves. >> Okay, so normal table tennis rules. >> Yeah. >> Playing up to >> Well, when the wardens come in. >> And we scatter. >> What number? What number? >> How many points does the winner get? >> Does the winner get? >> Let me think. Forest Gump. I've seen Forest Gump before. >> Run. >> 12. >> 11. >> Normal rules. But if you win a point, you have to put a duck on your half of the table. Ready? >> If I win a point, I put a duck >> on your half of the table. >> Yeah. Cool. Yeah, of course. Yeah, I know. >> So, try to answer the question during the rally. >> During the rally? >> Mhm. >> Okay. Definitely hand on hip, I suppose. So, here we go. What's your name? >> Phillip Michael Ellis. >> One nil to Philip Michael Ellis. >> I put a duck on my table. >> Oh, wait. I don't want everyone to tell my middle name. I'm joking. >> What is your mo? >> Uh, what? Oh my. What? Like, um, I forgot what M. >> Like, you know, live long. >> Go. Okay. Two. Your serve. Duck on your half of the table, please. I'd like that point. >> By forgetting what ML meant. >> What are you very average at? Off we go. >> Table tennis. Knowing what ML means. >> Um, yeah. Sport in general. Really? Very very average. >> Well, average isn't bad. >> Okay. Below average, then I guess I'll bounce it on my side. >> Oh, cool. Are you a singer? Second. You can have second serve. Am I a singer? >> Are you a singer? >> Um, yeah. I was avoiding some jokes about I'm going to move on. Uh, yes, I do like to sing actually. >> I do like a bit of singing. >> Nothing too taxing. >> If it hits a duck, that just counts as part of the table. >> Oh, does it? Mhm. >> Okay. You >> want me to sing? >> No. Phil, are you competitive? >> Not at all. No, I am actually. Yeah. Yeah. only like um the people I don't like. >> Right. >> If I if I Oh, >> that's unfortunate. >> If I feel sorry for someone like, you know, I don't mind I'll let them win. >> right down there. >> I found a qu my serve. Sorry. >> 3-2. >> Can I ask you any question? >> Cool. You could if you want. >> Oh, yeah. >> Do you want to? >> Are Are you a Are you competitive? >> Really? >> But you seem quite like together like you don't need to be competitive. >> Damn. >> Oh, no. It turns out he's right. >> 33. Duck on the table, please. Phil. >> Duck on table. >> A long lost T-Rex song. >> When are you most spritly? >> Uh, when I'm being chased. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> When does that happen? >> Well, quite a lot. You know, I'm often clutching something that doesn't belong to me, >> right? >> Or uh running away from a bus stop. Damn. >> Good rally that. >> Yeah, it was good though, was it? I was remembering some good old sprattly times. >> 43. Your serve. >> Yep. >> Oh, is that how it works? >> Do you know second serve? >> Like second serves. >> Do you know much about nature, Phil? >> I know loads about nature. Come on, Phil. >> I'm being really bad at this. Yeah. >> 53. Ready? >> Do I have to finish the nature question? I just said you loads, didn't I? >> Yeah. What What other comedian are you most like? >> Oh, god. One of the dead ones. >> Oh, really? >> Yeah. Shame, really? Well, bookings wise, if you look at my look at my gig diary, very Bill Hicks these days. >> And what other comedian do you most like? Uh, dead ones again. Really, to be honest, it's quite sad. Is it? >> Come on, Phil. You need some ducks. >> I need some ducks. >> It is 73. >> Okay, so favorite comedians. Um, Vic and Bob. >> That'll do. 83. Come on, Phil. >> Okay, ask you a question. >> Who are your favorite comedians? >> I like Rick and Bob as well. >> Yeah. Good. Aren't they? >> Oh, dear. This is terri. Why am I being so bad at this? Right, I'm going to get into it now. >> These questions are very >> Hey, Phil. Are you a really cool dresser? >> Yeah, I love wearing brown leather. Ah, I love wearing brown leather. Anything I can find that smells of musty and I have to patch up. I look like a struggling artist. >> Match point, Phil. >> Match point. >> First to 11. >> Fair play. If you hit one of these, you'll probably win the rally. Come on, Phil. >> I'll win the rally. I can I can do this. It's been a really short interview otherwise, isn't it? >> What makes you sad, Phil? >> Losing rallies. A god. It's really sad. Have I lost? >> Good interview. Thanks very much. Anyway, did I get the job? Off you go, Phil. >> Yeah, feel bad about that. Wish I gone to prison. For more Taskmaster, subscribe now. [Music]

- Detector Calibration Parameter ( As Per IP Guidelines): Kind: captions Language: en foreign welcome to Pharma glp in this video we will discuss detector calibration parameters as per IP guideline for calibration detector the parameters are digital linearity and wavelength accuracy for both these detector calibration parameters the chromatography conditions and mobile phase are same so first we will understand how to perform digital linearity before starting with detector linearity let's understand what is difference between detector linearity and injector linearity in detector linearity the injection volume is kept constant and the concentration of calcium standard is changed whereas in inductor linearity the concentration of caffeine standard is kept constant and ingestion volume is changed to perform detector linearity we require hplc grade water splc red methanol p80 node C8 column caffeine standard analytical weighing balance and glass pairs such as volumetric flask prepaid and Beaker for dilution first Repair Mobile says same as inject linearity that is by mixing equal volume of hpl cigarette methanol and water in a ratio of 50s to 50 volume by volume and the guess for few minutes to remove air bubble from the mobile phase Now set the hplc system using chromatography conditions such as column is the 18 or C8 having 250 mm length 4.6 mm inner diameter and 5 Micron particle size mobile faces methanol and water in a ratio of 50 to 50 chlorate 1.0 ml per minute injection volume 10 microliter detection wavelength UV at 272 nanometer runtime is about 10 minute the expected retention time of caffeine Peak is about 5 minutes after that we have to prepare detected linearity solutions for this accurately weigh about 100 milligram of caffeine standard in a 100 ml volumetric flask dissolving a 10 mL of methanol make up to the volume with mobile phase this will give 1000 PPM stock solution from the stock solution further dilute accordingly with mobile phase to get Solutions having concentrations of about 0.001 mg per ml 0.01 mg per ML and 0.1 mg per ml that is 1.0 microgram per ml 10 microgram per ML and 100 microgram per ml respectively or else we can say 1 PPM 10 PPM and 100 PPM respectively to simplify this first we will understand how to convert mg per ml value into microgram per ml value or PPM value and then we will understand how to make dilutions to prepare linearity levels so as to achieve these concentrations 1.0 mg per ml can be converted as 1 mg in 1 ml that is 1 divided by 1 into 1000 corresponds to 1000 microgram per ml or 1000 PPM now next is 0.001 milligram per ml can be converted as 0.001 mg in 1 ml that is 0.001 divided by 1 into 1000 corresponds to 1.0 microgram per ml or 1 PPM 4.01 mg per ml can be converted as 0.01 mg in 1 ml that is 0.01 divided by 1 into 1000 corresponds to 10 microgram per ml or 10 PPM and for 0.10 mg per ml can be converted as 0.10 mg in 1 ml that is 0.10 divided by 1 into 1000 corresponds to 100 microgram per ml or 100 PPM now coming to our detector linearity level as our stock solution is 1000 PPM so from this stock solution we can prepare our linearity levels using the basic formula n1v1 is equal to N2 V2 let's consider our first level that is 1 PPM solution in this N1 value is 1000 PPM V1 value in ml we need to calculate then N2 value is 1 PPM and V2 value is 100 ml so we can calculate 1000 into V1 is equal to 1 into 100 this can be further calculated as 1 into 100 divided by 1000 will give 0.1 ml so using this formula we can calculate our remaining levels that is 10 PPM and 100 PPM based on this calculation we can prepare our energy levels as 4.001 mg per ml or 1 PPM solution take 0.1 mL of 1000 BPM stock solution into 100 ml volumetric flask and dilute with mobile phase 4.01 mg per ml or 10 PPM solution take 1 ml of 1000 PPM stock solution in 200 mL volumetric flask and dilute with mobiles is and 4.10 mg per ml or 100 PPM solution take 10 mL of 1000 PPM stock solution into 100 ml volumetric flask and dilute with mobile Fizz allow the system to stabilize then inject blank solution as mobile phase and then inject in duplicate 10 microliter of 0.001 mg per ml 0.01 mg per ML and 0.10 mg per ml or we can say 1 PPM 10 PPM and 100 PPM Solutions of caffeine record the chromatogram and from the obtained data upload the graph of mineral counts of duplicate injection on y-axis versus concentration microgram per ml or PPM on x-axis and calculate the value of R square the express criteria is the R square should not be less than Point triple and zero now our next parameter is wavelength accuracy in which first is wavelength accuracy for photodiode Ira detector that is PD detector for PD detector they detector wavelength at 200 nanometer to 400 nanometer the caffeine solution of 0.01 mg per ml concentration is injected for entire range such as 200 nanometer to 400 nanometer and detector response is recorded foreign system using chromatographic conditions same as the linearity inject blank solution is mobile phase and an inject 20 microliter of 0.01 mg per ml solution of caffeine record the Spectrum and Report the maxima and Minima the acceptance category is the wavelength Maxima found should be between 273 plus minus 2 nanometer and 205 plus minus 2 nanometer and a wavelength Minima found should be between 245 plus minus 2 nanometer now the next is wavelength accuracy for variable wavelength detectors that is vwd detector the casting solution of 0.01 mg per ml is used and the test is performed for different wavelengths such as 205 nanometer to 45 nanometer and 273 nanometer set the HQ system using chromatographic conditions same as digital linearity in this create 32 equation programs with same parameters except change in wavelength at the interval of 1 nanometer each and the sequence is run for each wavelength that is 4205 nanometer the wavelength ranges from 200 to 210 nanometer or to 45 nanometer the wavelength ranges from 239 nanometer to 249 nanometer and for 273 nanometer the wavelength range is from 269 nanometer to 278 nanometer inject blank as a mobile phase and then inject 20 microter of 0.01 mg per ml or 10 PPM caffeine solution and sequence is run for each wavelength and digital response is recorded the quarter chromatogram and Report Maxima and Minima the acceptance category is the wavelength Maxima found should be between 273 plus minus 2 nanometer and 205 plus minus 2 nanometer and wavelength minimum found should be between 245 plus minus 2 nanometer that's all for today's video I hope this is useful thank you for watching and see you in the next video

- Top 20 Interview Questions and Answers : Interview Tips in Hindi: Kind: captions Language: en Why should we hire you for this position? What are your strengths? Tell me about your weakness? You want to join what are your career for in. [Music] In my last video on interview skills, I explained how to prepare an introduction. Some people wrote in the comments that there should be a video in which interview question answers are discussed. Your orders sir. So in this video I will discuss with you the top 20 questions that are asked in the interview. You cannot predict your interview as to which questions will come. But if you prepare these top 20 questions, then you will be able to handle any question about yourself, your personality, your behavior, your skills without any fear. In this video we will cover all types of questions asked in the interview. Be it a basic question on strengths and weaknesses or a behaviour question on your leadership example or a mistake or a stress question like what if you are rejected. But preparing these 20 questions will make you well researched and well prepared about yourself. You will be able to understand the interviewer's point of view behind each question and you will be ready for any kind of non- academic question. And the purpose of this video is not that you memorize these questions and use them in your interview. As I always say, your answers should be according to you. It should be according to your personality. It should be based on your individual experiences. If you use the same answers, they may be over realistic or under realistic depending on your personality. So from this video you can take hints, tips, ideas, help, understand the mindset of the interview but prepare your questions naturally as per your own convenience. Because if it is natural it is good. While watching this video, wherever you feel like noting something, you can take a note or take a screenshot or take a photo with your mobile or add this video to favorites so that you can refer to it later. So let's start with the basic questions first. First Question: Why should we hire you for this position? Because I don't want to buy an iPhone and if I get a job, I won't have to sell my kidney. By giving such answers you will definitely get the answer. When I ask this question many times in interviews, some candidates take this question negatively. But this is not a harsh question. This is not a negative question. Basically the interviewer is asking for your help to tell him why he should hire you? You Give Him a Reason So That He Can Hire You? If we look at every question properly, there is an opportunity hidden in it to express ourselves. Let us see in this question what is the interviewer's expectation? Why should we hire you for this position? Meaning you have to link yourself with this position. So to prepare for this question, read the job description of the job you are applying for carefully. Understand it well and see how your qualities, your qualifications, your skills relate to that position. How you fit for that job. For example, there is a job of a technical support consultant and its description says that the job requirement is to provide technical support to customers. Actors: A link between strategic customers and engineering team. Should have knowledge of Java networking concepts and C++. Requires assistance in end-to-end incident management. Should be able to read, comprehend, and maintain understanding of technical documents. Now you can prepare your answers according to wherever your skills match. Let us take an example. Since this position involves interaction with customers as well as the engineering team, my passion for development projects is evident from my choice of engineering as a career. I have also done internship with ABC software there I learned about Java and C plus plus. My people skills combined with decision making ability will certainly add value to this position. So you told about yourself and linked yourself with that position. This also lets the interviewer know that you are serious about the position because you took the time to understand the job description, research it, and relate it. Second question, another basic question, what are your strengths? This may be going on in your mind. My strength is that if you call me right now, I can gather 10 people. Hockey, bullet, baseball bats will all be collected. But you have to tell your strengths that are worth mentioning. Oh ok ok. Always remember that the interviewer is interviewing you because he wants to know you better. The purpose of every question he asks is to know you better. So you also help him. Tell me about yourself in detail. One way to answer this question could be to simply tell your strengths. Such as my strengths sir communication skills and determination. I am a hard worker and a team player. Or whatever your strength is. But this answer can be explained better. You can back up your strength with an incident or an example. Communication skills is one of my strengths, I work well with different kinds of people and understand different perspectives of everyone. Apart from that I am a determined hard worker and an active team player. So in this way you gave the reason in your answer as to why you think this is your strength. This shows that you know yourself well and you act with logic. Yes, keep your answers natural. It is not that you should give examples of every strength. Explain one strength with an example and mention the rest of the strengths along with it. Let us look at another example. One of my most important strengths includes commitment as I always ensure meeting my deadlines and work consistently towards my boards. My other strengths include positive thinking, punctuality and interpersonal skills. I do n't know my strengths. Many times I am asked this question that we do not know our strength. If you do not know your strengths, then I am giving you a small tip with the help of which you will be able to find your strengths. Write down every achievement of your life, big or small, on a paper. Look at those achievements carefully. You will see your strength in it. If you are into sports, your strength could be leadership or being a team player. If you have participated in debates then communication or presentation skills. If you are good in relationships then interpersonal skills or listening skills. So it may be small or big, of any scale, of any size. Open your achievements box. You will get strength from within it. Next question tell me about your weaknesses. My weakness Alia Bhatt. Control control control, yes, in many websites, books and trainings, it is taught that one should express one's weakness in such a way that it appears positive. I'm over committed at times. I focus on work so much that I forget my family life. I am not in favor of this method because it can sometimes look artificial. As an interviewer, we conduct many interviews in a day. So we understand from your answer whether you are speaking honestly or you are speaking because you have read it somewhere. And we can see honesty somewhere or the other. The truth cannot be hidden. Paper flowers cannot smell good. The truth cannot be hidden by artificial principles. First type of thing. So the method I would recommend for answering this question is that you should tell about your weakness. Tell me honestly. But along with that weakness, also tell what action you are taking to correct that weakness and what results you are getting. For example, I had the habit of procrastinating. Now I'm Improving and Becoming More Organized by Using To Do Lists and Reminders. Such answers show that you know yourself well. You accept your weaknesses. You believe in taking actions and you are getting results. This type of answer shows your honesty and also your positive approach. Next question: Why do you want to join our company? We need a job. What difference does it make if any company gives it ? Hey, who is this friend? Behind every question we have to see what can be the expectations of the interview? And what should be our approach? For example, in this question why do you want to join our company? Means the interviewer wants to know how you are able to associate yourself with this company ? Like earlier we linked ourselves with the position. In this question you have to link yourself with the company. This question also lets the interviewer know whether you have done research about the company ? I have tried to get to know the company. If you have done so then you are serious about this company. So to answer such questions, you should research about the company a few days before the interview and link yourself with the size of the company or the values of the company or its type. For example, I always wanted to work with a company which recognizes my talent. As I want to grow and contribute towards the growth of the company with my technical and organizational skills. Looking at the growth trend of your company from the past three years. It will be an honour to work with such an organisation. So here you describe yourself, link yourself, and provide a reason behind your link. Which shows that you have researched the company. You are serious about this position for this company. Another example can be My goal is to achieve the highest level of proficiency. I found your company which is India's most admired company the right place where I can best utilize my educational and skills. So this shows what you want? And you know about the company. You researched that this company was the most admired company in India. And you are thinking about both your and the company 's benefits. Next question tell me about your achievements. Try participating in my achievement competition, you will finish the whole bottle in half an hour and you are out, man, out of the stadium. Stadium means every question of your interview is like a ball, the interviewer will give you many balls, now it depends on your preparation whether you have to get out on every ball, defend, take a single or hit a sixer, if achievements are asked then you can either tell it in a simple way like I was chosen as the captain of college cricket team and won state level big competition and take a single run or you can get more runs by telling about your qualities. Because of my leadership skills I was chosen as captain of the college basketball team. And as I am fond of staying updated with current affairs it made me win state level quiz competition. So you told about your achievements and also your positive points. Meaning, simply tell about your achievement that I was the captain and I won the competition. Instead of that, you also told your positive points. Meaning, instead of taking a single on the same ball, more runs were taken. Next question: What do you look for in a job? There should be a break of two hours. There should be unlimited samosas in the cafe area. There should be no tension regarding holidays. Obviously you are not going to do social work or charity in your job. You are going for your own benefit. But a right employee is one who looks after both his own benefit and the company's benefit. And these are not just interviews either. If you really want to grow in life then look for your benefit in the company's profit. This is the quality of leaders. This is the quality of achievers. So your answer should contain things that will benefit both you and the organization. Such as teamwork, positive environment, growth. So your answer can be I look for opportunities that enable me to grow as a professional and help me in serving the organization. And another example can be I look for challenges which can bring the best out of you. And a scope to give knowledge which enables me to advance in my career path. You will take challenges, gain knowledge and want to move forward. This is beneficial for you as well as the organization. Next question. What are your career goals? What would be the interviewer's intention behind this question? Do n't be silent in this. No one is asking you. Your interviewer is trying to check whether your career goals match the organization's goals or not, whether you will leave in a few days and the company's money, energy and time spent on you will not be wasted. And They Want to See You're a Good Fit. Because if your goals are linked with the organization then you will be able to grow in this company. They will be able to give you opportunities and they will also be benefited. Many times when I ask this question in interviews, candidates often just tell me their immediate short term goals. But if the question is what are your career goals? So you should tell your immediate as well as long term goals. Yes, if specifically asked what are your short term goals? So short term, what are your long term goals? So long term goals. This makes it clear that you do not think only short term in your life. You also think long term and you plan ahead. And if your goals are linked with theirs then it is a win win situation for both. So your answer can be My immediate career goals include consistently adding value to myself through learning and upgrading skills. In the long term. I would like to grow as a leader and make myself capable of taking up management positions. While contributing significantly to the growth of the organization. So in this your immediate short term goal and long term ambition were visible. Again everyone's answer will be different. You can take ideas from this answer according to your career goals and prepare the answer accordingly. Next question, Where Do You See Yourself in Five Years From Now? I was once hiring for a top multinational company. So the package was 5 lakh per annum. The candidate comes and sits in front of me. I asked this question. Where Do You See Yourself in 5 Years From Now? And I remember his answer. He said I see myself as CEO of the company in five years. Right now the answer shows his big thinking or confidence but I will call it over confidence and unrealistic answer. Because the dream of becoming the CEO of a top multinational company is not wrong. But from fresher to CEO in five years, this dream is wrong. Because if you want to reach the position of CEO in such a big organization, then a lot of learning is required. A lot of experiences are required. You need exposure to multiple positions. Knowledge of how many departments is required? From how many angles should the company be viewed? Then you are able to run such a big company. And only then will you be able to become a successful CEO. So my point is that in order to show big thinking, do not give over ambitious unrealistic answers. The right answer will be one that reflects your vision and your commitment to that vision. So as a fresher your answer can be like this. My first and foremost aim is to learn new skills and enhance my personality. Five years down the line I see myself at senior positions while taking more responsibilities and contributing more to the growth of the company. So in this answer you told that you are not in such a hurry for growth that you do not want to learn. Learning is important for you right now. And by making this learning a ladder, you want to reach senior positions in the future. Next question: What challenges did you face as a student and how did you handle them? This is a behavioral question in which the interviewer wants to see what kind of challenges you have. How did you respond? How did you find the sessions ? What approach did you follow? So through such questions the interviewer is trying to judge your behavior. And such questions are a good opportunity for you to explain your strengths with real life incidents. Let me give you a strategy to deal with behavior questions which will be useful to you in many places. In such questions, first you tell the problem, then tell what action was taken and what was the result and this approach is called PROPER APPROACH PROBLEM ACTION RESULT APPROACH. With such a strategy, you can structure your answer. When you state the problem, you are able to define the situation. With action, your thought process, your attitude, your behavior becomes clear. And with the result, you are able to make your answer convincing, authenticate it and make it strong. Try it and see how many behavior questions you answer with PA R , the answers will be ready in a very clear and structured manner. So, let's take an example of an answer. Since We Only Grow When We Face Challenges. So, I value you's challenge of my life. I always had a problem coping up with the subject of Economics. I did not want this to affect my results and career prospects. So I learned time management to ensure extra time to be spent on the same. I went back to basics and sorted help from my teachers and friends and as a result of my determination I scored 83% in final year. So here you have pointed out the problem, copying up with the subject of Economics. Action was told, learn time management, go back to basics, short health and result was told 83% in final year. So such answers show that you are the one who accepts challenges, you are the one who finds solutions. It turns out that your decision making skills, your thought process, your commitment, your determination, everything is revealed. If you answer this with PAR approach. Let us take another example. So that PAR approach should come completely into us. During my third year I was captain of the college basketball team. While we were preparing for one of our important matches, the team was demotivated, and was losing hope as our next match was with a very strong team. Who has tall players and they were winning almost every match. And as motivation can do wonders, I took it as a challenge to everyone and ensure victory of ours despite all the factors which were against us. I draw charts to highlight all our strengths. I refer to all our past victories and the reasons behind them. I converted entire worry time of team into performance time. And as a result the match went very competitive. We gave our best and won that match. So tell the problem that the team was demotivated and tell the action that highlighted the strengths. Referred to past victories and converted Worry Time to Perfection Time. And the result that you won is the match you made it possible. You are a champion. So, in many such behavior questions you can use the PAR approach and prepare your answers. Next question, tell us about your college and why you chose it? And in case of experience candidates, it can be tell us about your last organization and why you chose it. Many times when I ask this question to the candidates, I get to hear such answers. My last organization was not very supportive. Many times students cover up their shortcomings by blaming the college. I could have learned better but we have to do things by ourselves, teachers were not good. They were not nosebleed. And for once, literally, I got this answer. Sir my college it was a jail. There are positives and negatives in everything. But if you only see the negative then it becomes clear that your attitude is negative. If you are hired, you will spread negativity in the company. You will spoil the environment and no company will want to hire such an employee. But if you have been speaking ill of a place for so many years and suddenly you are asked about its good qualities, then it is possible that you may not be able to depend on your answer. I can't say anything. That's why this video has been made. So that you can prepare every answer first. It is in your mind. So look at the good things about college. If you look, you will definitely find it. So your answer can be like this. While looking for a right college I have got to note that one best thing about this college is its immediate focus on overall personality development of students. Apart from academics, important stress is placed on participation in events and activities. Which hair helps students like in developing confidence and team spirit. And in these tenure years in this college, the efforts of the faculties are evident in the strong foundation, which has been laid in each one of us? Next question, what type of salary do you expect for this job? I only want 10 stomachs. In case of freshers, if you wish, you can not tell the amount. Because in fresher hiring generally slabs are fixed. So your speaking is not going to make much difference. And when it is not going to make any difference then something better should be said. As a fresher learning is more important than learning. So my main focus is to gain knowledge. And I do trust that company with pay main consistency to the market. With such an answer, you also told that this is the beginning of your career, so your focus right now is on gaining knowledge, which should be the case. And I also told you that I have faith in your company that whatever it pays will be right as per the market. Meaning it is a question of your respect brother, you will do it at the right price and you heard that oh hello, I was asking for only Rs 10. Well, if you have to tell the salary then in these cases you have to tell the amount. Whether you are experienced or in a pressure hiring party or in any situation, if you have to tell the amount, then I will tell you some things on the basis of which you can prepare the answer. First Research Well. Research thoroughly to find out what the market standards are for the profile and position you are applying for. What range is available in the market? What's trending? Seconds calculated. Do your calculations as to what will suit you. What goes well with you according to your expenses and your expectations. Third provide range. In such answers, you can also mention the range instead of the exact package. Like between 6 lakh to 8 lakh annually. This way you leave a scope for yourself and the organization to discuss further. So the matter will not end with yes or no. There will be scope for negotiation. Fourth question: Again, there is no fixed rule but if you feel like it according to the situation, you can postpone your answer. That means you can question them. For example, I would like to understand more about the job position, more about the work profile or career prospects before I quote my salary expectation. This again shows that you have to pay the amount but before that you have to pay the career. You can also ask them to see if they have a specific budget. What is the standard salary package offered by your organization for this position. Meaning at this point we can hit the four. Next question: Give me an example of your perseverance or initiative or resourcefulness or leadership skills. Meaning give me an example of any of your qualities. When you are asked about any such skill or quality, then this is also a behavior question in which you can answer by telling about your achievement or you can answer with PAR approach. You can share examples from your internship, your college life, your school life, your personal life. In this, your interviewer or employer wants to see how you handle situations? What qualities do you have that can be useful to him? What is your approach to different events in life? And as I always say, never lie. Many times in my workshops, participants say that we lie about our qualities because we do not have them and this cannot happen. You should look at your life properly. You have qualities within you. If you observe properly you will find it. Have you ever taken any initiative , assisted someone or have good qualities like reaching on time or maintaining discipline or getting work done from people or completing some work by taking responsibility. So whether it is a big example or a small example. But if it is true then you will be able to give your answer confidently. If you lie, the interviewer may catch you by cross-questioning you. So let us take an example of leadership. I successfully let the event management team in a college from. I was able to take everyone along while handling challenges and taking collective action. It was a successful event and our team was appreciated by everyone. Give a meaningful example of your initiative. As it is he who decides that knowledge should not be shared. I created a WhatsApp group of my classmates to share new words, idioms, phrases etc. Initially, I was the one who used to contribute. Gradually many of my classmates have started hearing and as we all are getting better tech. Next question, why did you choose a career in this field? The interviewer is looking to see what the reasons are for choosing this career. How much planning is behind this decision of yours ? This will let him know your inclination towards this career. So remember all your reasons and see what can be told and how it can be told. For example, I was always interested in knowing the other side of any product right from my schooling. And while doing my career research I explore various career opportunities and discuss with the teachers as well. These influences let me choose MBA as a course and marketing as my specialization. Next question. What If I Say That You're Rejected? Rejected? No. This is a type of stress question that checks how you react. You give up so easily. So how do you handle such thoughts and because we are positive, whether we watch videos of Canpit Les Brown, Sandeep Maheshwari, TS Mala and this Nachis, that is why we did not learn to cry and I am sure that you will handle this question positively too, so your answer can be like this, I prepared well and performed my level best but if I am rejected I will try to see opportunity of learning ahead of it, I will evaluate and improve myself further to make myself work for positions like this next question tell me about the mistake you learnt from that tell me type of questions, these are a kind of experience based questions in which the interviewer wants to see your experiences, your behavior, your life. And if you read from somewhere and give such readymade answers, I am so hard working that I did not realize that family is also there. One mistake I remember is that I was so dedicated to timelines that I spoiled my health. So don't be too happy by giving such answers. Because interviewers have become accustomed to such ready-made artificial answers. So if this is not true then don't say it. Because there will be conviction in your words and confidence in your attitude only when you speak the truth. No interviewer is looking for perfection in you. Because no one is perfect than no one. They want to see your growth, your progress, if you made a mistake, how did you handle it, what did you learn? So tell me honestly, he made this mistake, he learned this, he corrected it like this. Be honest, while compiling one of our project reports in college, I assumed and misunderstood the instructions of my team leaders. Which like to delay in completion. So to avoid any such time and energy waste in future. I took a lesson, that's inside of assumming. It's always better to ask questions and clarify. Next question, describe the ideal working environment for you in an organization. Again your answer should match the interest of the organization. If it is not there then neither you will be able to be happy nor the company will be able to be happy. So your answers should be team oriented and skill oriented. Since the model workplace is so dynamic one should be able to excel in diverse environments. I am more productive in an environment that has good communication and great teamwork. So I believe that will be the ideal working environment for you. You also told that you are adaptable, can adjust and also told about your ideal environment. Which is in favor of the organization as well as in favor of your career. Your answer will be even more impressive if you link it somewhere to the research you have done about the company. For example, in this answer, since the modern workplace is so dynamic, one should be able to excel in diverse environments. After this you also added your research. Since your organization has less special emphasis on team building, I am also more productive in this environment. That has good communication and great teamwork. So I believe that will be the ideal working environment for me. Well, many questions may not have cross questions. So when you prepare an answer, then also think in your mind that what can the interviewer ask on the basis of this answer ? If you have preparation for that in your mind, somewhere, then your interview will become even better. For example, the interviewer may ask further questions after this answer. How Do You Know That We Emphasize Much on Team Building? So, you can tell me whatever your answer is. For example, I went through your company's website and Facebook page while doing organizational research? I notice a lot of team building activities taking place while top management is equally involved in them. So in this way you also showed that you have done proper research on the company. You are a serious candidate. You did not come to the interview with your head held high. You hit your stride, you're a go-getter. And that is what the company wants. Next question, what kind of people do you find difficult to work with? Whenever I ask this question in an interview, I often get such answers. I can't work with people with negative attitudes. I can't stand people who are egoistic. I hate people who do not respect time. Such answers do not give you any positive image. Because everyone knows that there are all kinds of people in every company and only the person who can deal with all kinds of people can grow. If you always remain irritated that I cannot tolerate such people. I cannot be in a team with such people, so what work will you do if you are always irritated? So instead of saying that I don't like such people or cannot tolerate them. It would be better to say that it is a bit difficult to work with such people. But I have solutions or I am looking for solutions. For example, to be flexible with all sorts of people, as a belief, everyone has their own way of receiving things. At times people who do not stay by their equipment are tough to deal with, but I always try to find ways to ensure that deadlines are met without any personal disagreement. So, in this you answered , showed your flexibility and also showed your team spirit. Next question, what makes a true manager? This may change according to your profile or degree. It can be what makes a true engineer, what makes a true journalist, what makes a true doctor? I am using manager for example because this is the most common question. Because everyone has some manager or the other. A true manager is someone who can guide and direct an entire team in a result- oriented business environment. They Understand How to Motivate, Delegate, and Follow Up to Get the Job Done. Give a clear perception of what it is that they want and how to deliver it to meet and exceed expectations. Again, give your answer according to your degree, your profile, your comfort level and your language. Next question, have you ever failed in any of your decisions? How and why? To avoid failing in answering this question, we prepare for it also. This is also a behavior question. You have to tell about your behavior and also get the job. If so, this is your answer which I heard recently in an interview. I have never failed. I have been successful in all I do. Answering like this and remaining silent are the same thing. Because if you have never failed, it means you have never done anything new, never learned anything new , never tried anything, never taken any risk. You can also answer this question with PAR approach. As students of journalism we organised a news reading competition in our college. We managed to get good entries, sponsors, logistics and everything was in place. But on the day of the event, the audience for football was 20% off what we expected. We have the responsibility of not promoting it well. And try to learn lessons from it. We Did Not, Not, Not, Not, Not Give Up and Tried Again Next Year. We used active promotion strategies to create trust and increase football while making the event successful. So you told me that you failed. You told me how you failed. But I also told you what I learned from it and how to improve it next time. Remember Quitters Never Win and Willers Never Quit. This is the second time in the entire video that the gentleman has threatened. Well done. Last question. What did you learn from your internship? For experienced candidates, this could be: What did you learn from your previous job? This question is last but not the least. This is my one of the most important question which I definitely ask to freshers. Because the internship of freshers is a kind of trailer of the movie of your entire upcoming corporate life. So, from this trailer of yours, i.e. your internship, the interviewer will get an idea about how well you go in a corporate environment. So, let's take an example of a hotel management interview. In my final year, I had the opportunity to work as an intern in Obra Group in Food and Beverages department for two months. The practical training about customer service and kitchen operations was very helpful for me. I Got More Insects on Ensuring Quality Standards in the Back End While Achieving Customer Satisfaction in the Front End. So, this last question is on the test drive of your corporate life. That means your internship is on. Prepare this well also. The strategy I would suggest you for preparation is that first write the answers to these 20 questions in your own language and in your own way. You should have answers to these 20 questions in the written exam. Then prepare these answers confidently. Prepare them well by standing in front of the mirror , recording them, making friends listen to them, making others listen to them and then speaking them alone. Gain confidence. By doing this you will get complete insights about yourself , your profile, the job and the company. You should prepare all this first, do as much as you can. But it is very important for you to be relaxed on the day of the interview. So on the day of the interview, go with a relaxed mind. That day, don't worry about what was written, what words were there, what was to be said? You have made preparations. Let the answers come out naturally on the basis of that preparation. If you liked the video, please like it and write in the comments whether this video was useful to you? What did you like, what did you dislike? What is it that you want me to cover in the next topics? You will find many such videos on career and growth on my channel. If you haven't subscribed yet, you can subscribe to my channel. This friendship of mine is always with you. You can go to your mobile and turn on notifications. So that you keep getting updates of my videos. So my heartfelt best wishes are with you for your upcoming interview. Stay blessed, stay inspired, all the best. [applause] [music]

- Extractables & Leachables: Overview: Kind: captions Language: en when pharmaceutical companies seek new drug regulatory approval it isn't just the drug itself that undergoes scrutiny impurities that may arise from sources external to the drug product are also a key Focus the packaging the drug is stored in is a potential source of impurities that may migrate to the product and is therefore an important component that studied as part of the approval process the drug product container closure system manufacturing process components food contact material and medical devices such as those used in the storage and administration of the drug should not release chemicals that can accumulate in quantities sufficient to present a risk of toxicity to the patient consumer user or affect the drug stability or efficacy consistent with regulatory expectations a comprehensive evaluation should typically include a controlled extraction study and leechable assessments controlled extraction studies are material based and are used to understand the extractable's profile of the material for the purposes of predicting potential leachables aggressive organic solvents or solvent mixtures acids and bases are used with oxalate or solvent reflux and other techniques to extract materials oxlet and reflux are both time consuming manual processes at risk of cross-contamination also important to note is that the extraction conditions should not be so harsh as to deform or degrade the material of Interest which would affect the extractable profile typically the extracts are then analyzed using various techniques such as headspace gcms direct injection gcms LC uvms LC CAD Ms and or ICP MS2 for volatile semivolatile non-volatile and inorganic species the compounds that are present in the resulting extracts are called extractables we study them to create a worst case scenario and prediction of potential leachables to assisted material selection and early risk assessment leachables are product-based compounds that have migrated into the drug product Matrix under normal application or storage conditions leachables are some Times classified as a subset of the extractables we can perform forced or accelerated migration studies to assess for likely potential leachables that migrate under simulated environmental conditions by analyzing drug formulations or simulation solvents after exposure to evaporated temperature we can perform forced or accelerated migration studies to assess for likely potential leachables that migrate under simulated environmental conditions by analyzing drug formulations or simulation solvents after exposure to elevated temperature however if the leachable interacts with the drug product or packaging materials new compounds can be present these are termed secondary leachables drug formulations often contain buffers surfactants fillers and other excipients this complexity means that there are sometimes secondary leachables that only can be identified after long stability studies over the typical drug shelf life which necessitates the requirement for untargeted analysis and the ability to retrospectively evaluate data taken together other this is known as extractables and leechables Analysis there are four main challenges you're likely to face when performing this type of analysis confident detection and quantification of unknowns lowering limits of detection and limits of quantification reducing analytical uncertainty factors and being able to increase sample throughput while reducing manual errors and sources of contamination thermoscientific offers a variety of tools that provide operational Simplicity through hands-free operation and increase throughput capability to provide the right solution for enl analysis see how thermoscientific makes enl analysis easier at thermofisher.com extractables and leachables PPD part of Thermo Fisher Scientific is a leader in supporting enl Consulting study design and testing for the pharmaceutical industry and can help design and conduct studies that support your product submission needs

- Top 20 Interview Questions & Answers || Analytical Balances ||: Kind: captions Language: en hello everyone welcome back to yet another learning video in this video we are going to decode 20 interview questions and their answers related to balances before we begin today's video let me tell you one thing that those who have seen our previous videos on the balance calibration for them it will be very easy to answer all these questions which we are going to discuss in today's video so let's get started without any further delay [Music] question number one what are the USB Jana chapter numbers for the balances so the answer to the question is there are two USB Channel chapter numbers related to the balances and those are USB Channel chapter number 41 and USB Channel chapter number 1251 question number two what are the balance television parameters as per USB Journal chapter number 41. so answer to the question is there are two balanced television parameters as per USB Channel chapter number 41 and those are repeatability and accuracy question number three what is the formula for repeatability calculation so answer to the question is formula for the repeatability is 2 into standard deviation divided by smallest net weight in 200. question number four why repeatability test is performed so answer to the question is repeatability test is performed to check whether Valance is able to give the same results for the same object under the same conditions every time question number five what is the smallest net weight so answer to the question is smallest net weight means the minimum weight below which weighing is not acceptable for example if you have a calculated smallest net weight as 10 milligram then you are not supposed to take any weight below 10 milligram on the balance question number six what is the formula to calculate smallest net weight so answer to the question is smallest net weight is equal to 2000 into standard deviation so this standard deviation value will be taken from the repeatability test where we will take the 10 measurements of a test weight sometimes standard deviation value is less than the 0.41 D in that case formula for the smallest net weight will be 2000 into 0.41 d question number seven what is D in the formula small as net weight you can see the formula 2000 into 0.41 D so what is D here so answer to the question is D is called as scale interval or the readability which means the least value which your balance can read question number eight how the accuracy question is to perform accuracy test a single test weight is selected and its weight is measured after that accuracy is calculated with the help of this formula certificate weight minus observed weight divided by certificate weight into 100. question number nine what is the acceptance limit for the accuracy test so answer to the question is acceptance limit for the accuracy test is not more than 0.10 percent question number 10 how much weight should be taken for the accuracy test so answer to the question is to perform accuracy test weight should be between five to hundred percent capacity of the balance question number eleven what are the balance Collision parameters as per USB Journal chapter number 1251 so answer to the question is as per USP Journal chapter number 1251 there are four balance Collision parameters and those are sensitivity eccentricity linearity and repeatability and if you remember repeatability test is also mentioned in the USP Journal chapter number 41. question number 12 what is the title of USP Journal chapter number 1251 so answer to the question is title of the USP Journal chapter number 1251 is Weighing on an analytical balance I will repeat it once again Weighing on an analytical balance and if you remember title of the USB Journal chapter number 41 is balances question number 13 how much test weight should be taken to perform sensitivity test so answer to the question is wait close to the balance capacity is taken as the test weight to perform sensitivity test for example if the valence weighing capacity is 220 gram then you can take a 200 gram weight as a test weight to perform sensitivity test question number 14 what is the acceptance limits for the sensitivity test so answer to the question is limit for the sensitivity test is not more than 0.05 percent and along with this you can see the formula for the calculation of the sensitivity that is certificate weight minus observed weight divided by certificate weight into 100 The observed value should not be more than 0.05 percent question number 15 what is the difference between the accuracy test and the sensitivity test well friends if you see the calculation for the both the tests accuracy test and sensitivity test then you will find that both the tests are having the similar formulas however there is a one difference between both the tests let us see what is that so if you remember accuracy test is performed by selecting test weight between five to hundred percent capacity of the balance whereas sensitivity test is performed by selecting test weight near to the balance capacity or I can say that sensitivity test is carried out by selecting the maximum weight whereas accuracy test is performed by selecting the test weight between five to hundred percent capacity of the balance so I hope the difference is clear to you now question number 16 what is eccentricity test and how it is performed so well friends in a Center City test a test weight is measured at the all corners of the balance band and compared with the weight at the center position suppose a balance span is of rectangular shape then the first weight will be measured at the center of the pan and then remaining test weights will be measured on the all these four corners of the balance after that eccentricity will be calculated with the help of this formula weight at the center minus weight at individual corner divided by the weight at the center into 100 the obtained value should not be more than 0.05 percent question number 17 what is the formula to calculate eccentricity so answer to the question is wait at the center minus weight at individual corner divided by the weight at the center into 100 so this is the formula for the calculation of eccentricity question number 18 what is the acceptance limit for the eccentricity for the eccentricity test is not more question number 19 what is the acceptance limits for the linearity test so answer to the question is limit for the linearity test is not more than 0.05 percent here you can remember one very important point that for the linearity eccentricity and sensitivity test the acceptance limit is not more than 0.5 percent or I can say that for all these three tests the acceptance limits are same and that is not more than 0.05 foreign how much test weight is taken to carry out the eccentricity test so answer to the question is test weight should be more than 30 percent of the balance capacity to carry out the eccentricity so guys this was all about today's video hope you have learned something new today before winding up today's video let me tell you one thing that in next video we will learn about the types of the weight boxes which are used for the calibration and types of the balances till then stay tuned to firm appeal bye-bye and happy learning

- Fresher in pharmaceutical industry | 20 Interview Question and answers.: Kind: captions Language: en Yes friends, the fresh candidates in the pharmaceutical industry have to face a lot of problems to enter the form. In the initial stage, they have to go through different interview processes. Now, in that interview, very tough and different types of questions and answers are asked to them for the first entry. So, the focus of my video today is the questions and answers asked to the fresh candidates in the interview. We will discuss the selected ones in this video today. So, let's move ahead and before moving ahead, you are watching my channel Voice of Kani and I am Safad Khan Kani. See friends, first of all, you will be asked a non- technical question which is about the plans of the technical industry. The question in it is that you have to keep yourself prepared for it. First of all, you can be asked, tell me about yourself. You have to tell about yourself and you have to go after being prepared. Why did we hire you? Why should we hire you? What are your weaknesses? What are your strengths? Imagine yourself after 5 years. Where do you look in this company, on what basis should the company hire you, such questions will definitely be asked to you in the beginning, you have to go prepared for this, remember this, okay, the second technical question which is very important that you will be asked is what is the difference department in pharmaceutical industry, what are the departments in pharmaceutical industries, you have to answer this, in pharmaceutical industries there is a production department which does manufacturing, there is a quality control department and quality assurance department, there is a marketing department, there is a sales department, there is an HR department, there is an admin department, in pharmaceutical industries there is a listing department and there is a dispatch department and there is a warehouse department, these different departments exist in pharmaceutical industries, after this number question number a three a what are the dosage forms in pharma, what are the dosage forms in pharma industry, so in pharma industry you have to simply answer, there is a tablet form, dosage form includes capsules and syrup It is in the form, we will consider it in liquid form, there are ointments and creams, okay, apart from this there are IV solutions, apart from this injections are manufactured, apart from this powders etc., all dosage forms are being manufactured in the pharma industry, okay, after this the question for what is pharmacopoeia, what is pharmacopoeia basically, so in this context you have to say that pharmacopoeia is basically a guideline, normally in the pharma industry two types of pharma cops are focused a lot, in this US USP United States Pharma Copy and British Pharma Copy, these are telling you the proper manufacturing procedure, how to handle the instrument, voice pharm is also being told to you, apart from this, all the guidelines for quality operations from calibration to validation to compliance, you get all those guidelines inside this authorized book, these are reported books, okay, basically these are guidelines, you have read it. You have to answer this, apart from this, question number five is what is GMP and cGMP stands for, what is this, basically what is GMP, Good Manufacturing Practices, its answer is what is cGMP, what do you see in the current manufacturing practices i.e. current category, another question number six related to this can be asked to you, what is the difference between GMP and cGMP, see, let me explain it to you in very simple words, you were working in the good manufacturing practices of GMP and the current good manufacturing practices of cGMP, i.e. GMP, in today's era, the FD approved plants of compliance companies go on cGMP, what is there in cGMP, for example, in today's scenario, if any pharmaceutical companies are using old instruments, using old software, using old guidelines, it means they are following GMP, but what is cGMP, that today current In the scenario in which you are standing, at the time you are standing, in the air you are standing, if advanced instruments have come in the market, advanced technology has come in the market, if you are adopting those things in that sense, you bring advanced technology to your system, your plant, it means have you gone on CGMP, in simple words you have to explain to them, well one more thing what do you know about HPLC will inevitably be asked, whether someone is fresh or senior, in this context it is a natural question, you have to answer this, HPLC is a high performance liquid chromatography is a separating technique, on its basis normally on this you isolate any compound from within a different mixture and you are ascertaining how much percent pure that compound is in the sense of assay, this is the main content main instrument of pharmaceutical industries, apart from this very important different questions can be asked to you related to this, what is assay in pharma, what is assay in pharmaceutical industries Let us consider what is Assay basically, you have to tell, checking the purity of any such compound, any such raw material is called Assay, that is, at the stage when the compound product comes to you for testing in the quality control department, in that how much percent pure is the API of the generic, its efficacy is tested in the form of Assay, we call it Assay, apart from this, the very important thing and what is the difference between generic and brand name, so in this you have to answer that which is generic, basically the main constant in your product which is going in the market is API, which we call it, it is the active ingredient which is reacting for some disease, we call it API, apart from this, the API which is being sold by a name in the market, it has a brand name, it has a product name, basically in the market people are knowing it by the brand and product name, we will differentiate it in this way, API is an active There is a role in that product and the market name by which that product was being branded and sold is called its brand name, it is also called the market name, we also call it the product name. Difference is another question number 10 difference between semi finished and finished product, how will you differentiate in this, it is very easy, so definitely you have to answer in this, the product which is not in your final stage, that is, it comes under quality control at the intermediate stage, we call it semi finished, the product which is not finished like granules, like bulk capsules, like syrup for pH or any tablet for DT, etc., is called semi finished product, but if any product comes to you after final stage packing, coating, manufacturing, feeding, whose base is on, you can launch it in the market, you cannot launch the semi finished, so the product which is to be launched in the market, the product which is in the final stage, we call it finished product, another very important thing is what is potency in pharma What do you understand by potency in the industry? What is potency? It tells the efficacy of any product or any material, that how much percent pure a thing is. If we talk in the case of raw material, then checking the potency of raw material means how much percent pure that raw material is. This is the potency when you check a semi-finished or finished product, then you see whether the percentage of active ingredients added in it is that much percent pure or not. Checking at the semi-finished or finished stage is called its potency. What is the difference? Question number 12 between edge potency and dried potency. What is the difference between the two? Edge potency is that which is inside a compound in the same condition, for example, if water is present in a compound, water can be mixed with another molecule. The potency calculated with it will be called edge. When water is eliminated from the molecule within any potency, the potency that you calculate and get out is its dried potency. It is called BMR, it is cleared, one more question number 13 WTB BMR, what do you understand by BMR, what is BMR basically, the back-fetch record which is being done in the pharmaceutical industries for product manufacturing, from the initial stage to dispensing to the final stage and at the difference stage, its record of testing, manufacturing, these processes are being recorded, of each stage, of granules, semi-finish, finish, blister, warehouse, dispensing, line clearance, testing, quality control reports, with which the base number of that product is made, all the bunches are made, this is also called magistrate, this is called BMR of that product, it is for a particular specific patch, okay, secondly, what is SOP, what is meant by SOP, see pharmaceutical industries, whenever you have to define SOP, what is SOP basically, it is a return procedure on the basis of which you are performing any operation, any process, SOP There are control documents in pharmaceutic industries, uncontrolled SOs are not allowed. Whether you are doing testing, you will have SOPs, whether you are operating the instrument, there will be operational SOPs for it, whether you are performing any manufacturing process, there will be SOPs for that, whether it is any stage of blister formation, or whether you are working on any process involved, there is a document for them first. Before performing any operation, it is very necessary to have SOPs in the pharma industry, that is, there is a written procedure, there is a control document on the basis of which you are performing your process, so we call it SO, it is called Standard Operating Procedure. One more thing, what is the role of QC and production department in pharma? What is the role of QC and production in the pharma industry, so remember that if we talk about production, production has a very big role because all the manufacturing that is happening in the pharma industry is the production department. The production company gets as much profit as it gets. There are orders and they are being fulfilled in the sense of manufacturing, but along with this, quality insurance and quality control department also play a very big role. There is a big QC department in the pharma industry. The quality control department basically checks whether the production that is happening in manufacturing is being done properly or not. On the compliance side, on the cGMPs, on the GMPs, documentation is being done. It is the job of the QC department to start that thing. This is a basic role, very big. Another thing, what do you know about the stability study in the pharma industry? What is stability testing in the pharma industry? Basically, you can answer this. Look, any product that is being manufactured in the pharmaceutical industry, after a particular time, what effect is it having on it, is there any variation coming in it, can there be changes in it due to the effect of the environment, the effect of temperature, so checking that thing after a particular time, after particular intervals, is called stability study. There is a mandatory department in the pharma industry, without it you cannot launch any product. One more thing is what is the key component of the drugs. What are the key components of any drug manufacturing that you are doing, then there are only two key components of it, number one is your API ( active ingredients) and second is your excipients and there is a list on the expense, there are a number of excipients and there is only one API, but there are many products in which there is more than one API. What is GLP in pharma, what is Good Laboratory Practices, see, what is Good Laboratory Practices, this is also a guideline, I am telling you its answer, question number 18 is a guideline, in this you see the practices of the laboratory, what are the best practices in the laboratory, you would be looking at that, what does the guideline say on KS, what is CFR 21 telling you, what is Good Manufacturing Practice, within which, within GLP, you also see the calibration of the instrument Let's see validation as well. All the processes that come under GLP from QC operations, but GLP itself comes under GMP. This is how you have to answer. GMP is a big guideline, GLP is coming under it. What is calibration in farm industry? What do you understand by calibration in farm industry? You have to answer this in question number 19. Calibration basically insures all the instruments and machinery that you are using in the farm industry, be it in QC, production or warehouse, whether those machinery and instruments are working accurately or not. The process of calibration insures that thing. Calibration is a very necessary activity, operation of the dress and guidelines and different areas of services, their maintenance requirements are there, without this you cannot use your instruments or machinery in the farm industry. So, this term of calibration insures your instruments and machinery that they are working accurately or not. Question 20 Last what is the role of DRAP what is the effect of regulatory in the pharma industry so DRAP plays a very important role because the pharma industry is under whose control it works, that is DRAP, the country in which you are operating, be it Pakistan, India, US or any other country, like the control was coming under the US FDA, we talk about DRAP, similarly there is regulatory in India, so the companies which are reported to the pharmaceutical industry, which edits it, which approve the pharma industry whether you want to run this operation, this industry or not, that comes under DRAP, there is a very big role of DRAP, there are government bodies in any country which check whether the pharma industry is working properly or not, this is the role of DRAP, if you must have liked this video then share it, comment and I will say again that those who are new to the channel, then definitely subscribe so that such technical videos keep reaching you Thank you for watching Allah Hafiz

- The 20 Interview Questions Employers Rely On (And How to Answer Them Perfectly): Kind: captions Language: en These are the exact formulas and sample answers for the 20 interview questions you must master in a competitive job market. These are the questions interviewers [applause] rely on the most. And you'll hear some of them in nearly every interview. The reason why my videos have led to hundreds of thousands of job offers landed is because it is not about memorizing scripts because those fall apart under pressure. This is about developing a pattern and an overall strategy to your interview answers so that you are never tripped up. I've also pulled in a ton of new examples from different professions in this video. So, comment your profession below so that I can use it in an example for a future video. All right, let's get into the three-step formula to answer why should I hire you and an example answer of this all in action. Step one, review the role. When asked this question, rather than dive into who you are, take a moment and reiterate what you know about the role and what challenges you see that you'll be facing if hired. This tells them that you're businessminded, that you're focused, and that you did your homework. For example, you might say something like, "From what I understand, this role is meant to streamline the process for X and help clients with Y, and the biggest challenge is likely going to be Z." This brings us to step two. Tell them about your relevant experience and skills. Don't be a generic Eric here. Tell them about specific skills you have that address those challenges and things that need to be done that you just made. This should sound something like based on those business goals, I can bring my experience doing X in Y industry to achieve goal Z. This is so powerful because at this point you're essentially matching the top priorities to your skill set. It is the best way to clearly show your value. And then to drive it home and move your answer from mild to fire to the ablo, give a few examples of experiences from your past that are relevant to the challenges this company is facing. Now, ease up their sport. And remember, you don't have to list every seemingly relevant accomplishment. Clear and concise answers beat long and rambling ones. Step three, ask your interviewer. Now is the grand finale where you turn your answer to why should I hire you into a conversation and make absolutely sure that you aced this question. After answering it with the first two steps, I want you to flip the question and ask the interviewer, "Is this how you see me in this role?" Seriously, this approach is so powerful. It keeps the interview flowing naturally like a conversation and it gives your interviewer the opportunity to either agree that you are the perfect fit and they'll hear themselves say it out loud of how you're a great fit. I music to my ears or address where maybe you're misaligned so that you can answer any of those concerns right on the spot. Immediately you know if you flubbed this answer or if you did a really great job and you have the chance to expand further in the moment. Can't you see why you are going to want them to ask this question? It is an absolute ace in the hole. Now here's a sample answer for how to respond to why should we hire you in the job interview. So with this formula in mind, your answer should one clearly review the role, two, share relevant experience, and then three, flip the question on the interviewer. Here's the example. As I understand it, this customer success manager role focuses on deepening enterprise client relationships, boosting product adoption, and improving retention. One of the biggest challenges you mentioned was how that several accounts are using only a fraction of the product capabilities which limits both their results and your expansion opportunities. So in my last role at Luminate, I managed a portfolio of enterprise customers and introduced a success plan process that increased adoption by nearly 30%. By focusing on like education and proactive check-ins, we turned several accounts that were at risk into multi-year renewals. And across my seven plus years in customer success, I've become known for spotting those gaps early and coordinating with product and sales to remove those blockers and increase client retention. And I also enjoy mentoring newer team members and building repeatable processes that raise the team's performance. Is that how you see me in the role or are there specific customer challenges you want me to focus on first? Are you interviewing with other companies? This one really trips job seekers up because I've heard them say that they feel awkward, that they're considering other opportunities because it feels unloyal or distracted. I don't know. But it's actually the complete opposite of this. It is a very good sign to be wanted by other companies. It shows you have marketable skills. So there is one answer and only one answer to this question and that is yes. I'm currently in a few interview processes. And if it makes sense, you can continue by saying and I'm especially interested in this opportunity because what do you want in your next role? This is a job interview question that you can greatly mess up if you're not careful. And a lot of job seekers forget that employers desperately want to make sure that you are not only capable of doing the job, but that you also sincerely want the job. Too many hiring managers have been burned by hiring someone overqualified or wanting to make a career pivot and then settling for this job opportunity and then leaving as soon as they get a better job offer. So, your answer here could allay concerns that you are not strapping on your sneakers and going to pull a runaway bride. We got to go. We got to go. We got to go meet Bob. >> A mistake is to be abstract here or say something super vague like, "I am looking for roles with a lot of creative problem solving at an innovative company." Translation: I don't know what I want and I'm keeping my options as open as Denny's at 2 a.m. >> Good value for 40 years at Lenny's. Denny Denny's. >> Instead, say the exact job titles you're targeting, which should be essentially the same as the role you are interviewing for. And then pretty much describe the job you're interviewing for without saying you're describing it. It sounds like this. Let's say I'm going for a director of finance role at Hyatt. My answer would be for my next role, I am targeting director of finance opportunities focused on financial management, leading a team and finding areas for cost efficiency and revenue generation, preferably in hospitality. And that's it. That is going to make them so confident in you. And heck, I'm just pulling this straight from the job description. Now, in addition to knowing the answers to top questions, there are more advanced strategies you will want. So, I put them all in my book, Reverse the Search. You can go over to bookstore, library, and grab it. [laughter] I know. We'll see if we should keep that in or not. There are three key rules of thumb that you need to keep in mind when you're answering the question, why are you leaving your job? Why did you leave your last job? The first one is make sure your answer is short. I'm talking one to three sentences. A grave mistake people do is they give too much description and detail. This question is a quick check the box question. They're just trying to understand, did something go wrong in your past role? Is there something about your past ro that you didn't like that's actually the same here? So, you're just going to come here and then leave us? They're trying to check for a few skeletons of closet, quick peek, then they're closing the door. Number two, keep your answer positive. And I see a lot of job seekers find this very challenging. Especially if your last role was oh so toxic. But what's going to be going through your interviewer's head is if you say anything bad about your previous boss or company. They're going to think this person is going to speak this way about us. And we also don't want this employer to dwell on your past drama and instead we want them to focus more on your future. Number three, you have to be confident. We often forget that we write our own narratives. You get to tell this story. however you want to and the employer will only see it as a soba story or a difficult situation if that's how you make it out to be. So answer quickly, confidently, and make like a cow and move on. Now, let's walk through a bunch of different scenarios and have example answers for each that follow these criteria that I just said. So, let's say you were laid off. Say something very brief. I mean, this wasn't your fault. So, bonus points if you reference how big the layoff was. if it was sizable. So, you could say something like, "The company went through some tough financial times and laid off 40% of the workforce. Unfortunately, I would have loved to stay there. It was a great place to work." Okay, now let's walk through some responses. If your reason for leaving your last job wasn't really related to that job or possibly even your career at large. So, let's say you left for family reasons. You could say something like, "I took some time off to take care of a family member, but now I'm eager to get back to work." If you had to relocate, you could say something like, "I recently moved to this area because my spouse is getting their master's degree at the University of Alabama and I'm looking for a new job in the city." Or if you were pursuing education, you could say, "I took time to get my MBA and now I'm excited to apply what I've learned to my next role." I've actually had quite a few clients who are entrepreneurs who I help them transition back into the workforce, which is very challenging, but absolutely doable with job shopping strategies. So, here's what you want to do if you're in that situation to make it 100% clear that you are moving on from your entrepreneurial endeavors. Such as, I took time to do my own freelance consulting, which was a great learning experience, but I greatly miss being on a team and I'm eager to get back into a company. Next, let's talk about how you're going to explain if you were fired. You should avoid saying that you were fired by any means necessary. A good way to frame it is to agree with the termination, such as the company hired me for one role, but then it changed to be outside of my skill set, and that led to an amicable split. Which is why I'm so excited about this role at your company because it focuses on my strength areas of X, Y, and Z. Now, let's say you're still at your job or you left your job voluntarily. I want you to keep in mind the rules we set at the top of this video, okay? So, you may not want to give your real reason and instead give a more secondary reason or a bit of a watered down story, we'll call it the Disney version instead of the gritty documentary version. So, if the real reason you're leaving your job is because the workplace is toxic, or your boss is alone, your co-workers are mean, leadership is completely out of touch with reality, we are going to leave that fodder for your memoir and instead focus on a bit more of a secondary reason. What could that be? Well, first, you could blame it on the company's financial situation. My current company is going through some tough financial times, so I'm looking for something more stable and secure in a company that has a really strong future. It's also really easy to blame it on the commute. I enjoy the work, but the commute is long and it's taking a toll on me and my family. I'm looking for a position closer to home to reduce my commuting time. You could blame it on a recent merger. the company underwent significant changes due to a merger that changed my team and roles significantly and shifted away from my career goals. Or talk about how you want to change industries to something more exciting such as I have a deep passion for artificial intelligence and it's my dream to work in that industry or the absolute banger of an answer that so many people have said works really well for them. I hit the ceiling of growth in my role and when I explored new opportunities within the company, I found that they were limited. That's why I'm excited about this role. I want to learn new skills and gain unique experiences such as X. Now, I want to be clear when I say give a secondary reason or don't talk smack about the company. Still, whatever you say should be true. It shouldn't be completely made up. I'm more saying that let's take the negative reasons out. We don't want to say bad things about the employer and focus on things that are a bit more neutral. Give an example of a goal you set and how you achieved it. Or another version is what is your greatest accomplishment? Depending on your profession, you can usually predict a more specific version of this question such as if you're an event planner, they might ask what is the greatest event you've planned or if you're a salesperson, what is the best deal you landed? Basically, they are opening up the floor to you and saying, "I'm giving you a moment to shine. Show us what you got, kid." For this answer, you need to pick an answer that has two components. The first is relevancy. Too many job seekers pick their favorite accomplishment of theirs, such as, "I've heard job seekers pick that they are proud to be the first person in their family to get an MBA." But that doesn't set you apart, nor does it share the value you're actually going to deliver in the role. And then the second thing is to focus on it being impressive. Choose an accomplishment where you did something really well and the results were great. Here's an example. In my role as VP of talent acquisition, I was given the goal to reduce time to hire for our critical technical roles which had been sitting at more than 70 days and causing major delays for engineering and our product teams. And so I set a target to bring that number below 45 days within two quarters. Now the first step was diagnosing where the process was breaking down and I found inconsistencies in how hiring teams were evaluating candidates. There were long gaps between stages. There was lack of clarity around what a great candidate looked like. And so I partnered with the engineering leadership to rebuild the competency profiles, created structure interview guides and I trained every interviewer on how to use them. And then from there, I implemented a new scheduling workflow that removed bottlenecks and introduced a simple dashboard so leaders could see the real-time progress. Then within 4 months, we reduced time to hire to 43 days and increased the number of offer acceptances by more than 15% due to this coordinative, more responsive process. And those improvements allowed the company to accelerate some of their product initiatives. And several of those frameworks we built ended up becoming the standard process across other locations. Tell me about a time you failed or tell me about a time you made a mistake. When picking your answer, look for a story in your past where it truly was a mistake or a failure. We don't want to dodge this question, but the most important part is how did you react to that failure? How did you rectify it? A story with a strong lesson is the one you should choose. Here's an example answer. In my last role as supply chain coordinator, I was responsible for placing weekly replenishment orders with one of our key suppliers. And one week, I misread the demand forecast and I placed an order that was significantly lower than what was needed. And I didn't catch the error until the warehouse team notified me that we were about to run short on a high volume item which put production at risk. And immediately I took ownership. I called the supplier to request an urgent shipment. Because it was my mistake, I also worked with our logistics partners to secure expedited transport and reorganize the production schedule so that the team could prioritize work that didn't rely on that item. We avoided a full shutdown, but it was definitely a stressful thing that I put the team through that didn't have to happen. Afterward, I met with my manager to walk through what went wrong, and I realized I had been relying too heavily on a single forecast view. And so, I built a simple crosscheck process that compared the last four weeks of demand and open orders and safety stock before submitting anything. And since putting that system in place, we didn't have another replenishment issue. And that experience taught me the importance of validating data from multiple angles, slowing down, and making sure that you are protecting accuracy. Do you have experience with specific tool or software like Salesforce? This is a quick check of your skill set. So, answer briefly and confidently, and they will ask follow-up questions if necessary. If you don't have that skill, share how you're working on it or share how you've built similar skills. Your answer can sound like, "Do I have experience with HubSpot? Well, I am doing HubSpot Academy courses so that I can get comfortable with the platform." And I also have a lot of experience with platforms that are similar like Mailchimp and Active Campaign where I'm setting up sequences, tagging, logic, reporting, all that. Now, you can study all of these questions and still get really nervous in the job interview and not sell yourself, right? If you need to boost your confidence, I will link a free class called Unshakable Interviews down below. What did you like doing most in your previous job? Have you been asked this in a job interview? This is a common strategy to understand what motivates you in a job. What gets your juices flowing? What gets you in the zone? Auto zone. >> Where you can go wrong here is focusing on a part of the role that isn't relevant to the role you're interviewing for. So, if you're going for a heavily customer-f facing role and you talk about how much you love project management and managing stakeholders, that's not really the main feature of this role. So, the interviewer might think, "This person isn't going to enjoy this work. So, think of something really core to the role you're currently interviewing for and then explain what you liked about that in a previous role and even throw in an accomplishment for good measure. This could sound like, here's an answer for a director of HR interview. The part of my role that I enjoyed most was building systems that made work better for employees. Such as in my last position, our onboarding experience was inconsistent across departments. So I redesigned it from the ground up. I partnered with department heads to map out their needs and created a standardized framework and introduced manager training so that expectations were clear and within 6 months the new hire engagement scores rose by 30% and early turnover dropped significantly. What did you not enjoy about your previous role? Be very careful if you were asked this in a job interview. But I do have the perfect answer. The interviewer is trying to understand what about previous roles motivates you less so that the team can properly place you in the right role and manage you. That being said, if you say the wrong thing, it is very easy to get yourself disqualified here. So, make sure that the thing you liked least is not something that is core to the role you're doing next. Such as don't say you didn't like that you didn't get much credit for your work if you were doing more of the behind the scenes administrative work. Additionally, don't say something that looks a little poorly on you, such as don't say how you don't like working with jerks and then continue to complain about people who you've worked with in the past. What's the advice you give to your younger self? >> Spend less time with >> Spend less less >> less time with They just waste your time. >> I can't believe a father would say spend less time with your kids. >> No, >> What's he saying? [laughter] >> This just makes you seem hard to work with and quite negative. So, choose something that is relatably not enjoyable. such as in my previous engineering role, my least favorite part was when requirements would come to us very loosely defined. I am able to work through ambiguity. But having to guess at what a product owner really wanted sometimes led to unnecessary rework. And so I found that when expectations were clear up front, I delivered faster with fewer revisions. And now I ask so many more clarifying questions early. Here is the best formula for how to answer tell me about yourself in a job interview. Part one is a concise statement of the type of professional you are in relation to this job. If you are pivoting, don't focus on your previous career. Only focus on the new skills you have built towards this new career and your transferable skills. They already invited you to this interview. Don't talk them out of it by pointing out how you might not be the perfect fit. Oh, and I will link below a worksheet with [snorts] this three-part formula with examples as well, and this is my most popular resource. Folks have sent me thousands of emails saying it was a huge help. So, you can just grab that in the comments and the description to go along with this video. Part two, your highlights. Now is the time to dive into your past experience. Touch on your most recent work experience, give a couple of highlights about it, and then move to your role before that, and then speak more briefly about roles farther back in time. You don't need to walk through your whole work history, just the important roles. And you can round it out by saying something like, "And I held several junior level roles and internships prior to that." What's so important here is to not explain your past roles super accurately, but instead explain them where you're only focusing on tasks and accomplishments that are most relevant for the opportunity you're interviewing for. Such as if you're going for a program manager role, but your biggest accomplishment from your last role was closing a big business development deal. Now, Mr. Wolf of Wall Street. That is impressive, but don't mention it because that's not going to help you land this role. If you're a recent grad or switching fields, pull from class projects, volunteer work, or even hobbies where you've used similar skills when you share your highlights. You don't have to pull exclusively from official work experience because once more, say it with me, focus on what's most relevant. Also, brevity is your best friend here. So, keep your answer to under two minutes. The resume already gives them your entire discoraphy. This is about making your greatest hits playlist. Part three, why this role? This third part is the secret to ending your answer with a bang and keep from trailing off at the end of your answer trying to figure out how to tie it up with a bow. Share why this role at this company is the right next career step for you. The reason why this is so powerful is it focuses the interviewer now on the future. a future where you are in it. Because interviewers genuinely want to know, are you truly interested in this role? Are you likely to stay in it? You shouldn't recite the company's mission statement like a robot. Instead, share some things that interest you about the job description and the company to show that this role fits with where you see your career going. Maybe you're interested in the product. Maybe the role has a global scope that excites you. Maybe your friend works there and says, "This company is simply the best. >> Whatever it is, connect the dots." This final part of your answer tells them, "I know what I want, and it's this." Here's an example of a seasoned finance professional. I am a finance leader focused on operational forecasting and strategic planning in the health tech industry. In my current role as director of FPNA, I manage planning for a business unit that grew from $90 million to $250 million in three years. I've led budgeting cycles, built forecast models, and partnered with product and sales teams to align investments to company strategy. Before that, I spent several years in corporate finance where I improved reporting processes and led a team responsible for monthly close, variance analysis, and board level presentations. Earlier in my career, I held several analyst roles where I developed my foundation in modeling and business partnering. And what interests me the most about this senior finance manager role is the focus on building forecasting discipline during a period of a rapid scale. And that aligns very well with what I've done in the past of creating that clarity, reducing those surprises, and helping the leadership make informed decisions. And so I feel like I could make an impact right away. What are your salary expectations? Simply ask, "What is the salary range for this role?" And you could tell them whether or not you're comfortable with it. If they don't have a range, you can say that you're flexible and looking for the best overall package. If they really want a specific number, you can say based on the other similar roles I'm seeing, companies are paying X to Y, does that fit in your budget? Now, a bonus question I'm going to throw in here, which is actually one of the most important interview questions you'll be asked, is do you have any questions for me? And well, I put together a free download of 15 excellent questions you can ask in the job interview. I will link that below. When can you start? Now, they might be interested in knowing if you can start right away. And if you can, that's great, but you also may need to give your employer a bit of notice to make sure you preserve that relationship. An answer can sound like, I can start within a week of a signed offer. Does that work with your timeline? Tell me something not on your resume. We always need to ask ourselves, why would someone ask this question? And what I uncovered because I personally would never ask this question is the interviewer wants to see you as a whole complete person and see if you're a culture fit and what truly drives you. Okay, sure we can play that game. So knowing this, I would say something that connects to your values and shows something about your character. So it could be volunteering for a cause that you believe in. It could be a side project that you've been building that shows you're a self-starter. It could be that you're upskilling in something to show that you have a growth mindset. Here's an example. Something not on my resume is I've been building a small side project for about a year now. It's a simple productivity app for my own use because I could never find one that specifically matched my brain. And I'm not trying to turn it into a business or anything, but I've just loved teaching myself the basics of user flows and testing features and improving it based on just experimenting with it. It's just another way that I love just experimenting and tinkering with things. Describe a situation where you had to deal with a difficult coworker or another version is where you had to resolve an interpersonal conflict. Raise your hand if you've been personally victimized by this question. Oh, this is a very common question and one that I've had to help my clients with a lot because this answer could make you come off the wrong way like you're talking smack on your co-workers. Essentially, the interviewer is asking you this because we've all worked with difficult people in our day and they're trying to understand your ability to communicate and adapt. So, pick a scenario where there was a bit of tension and where you were the bigger person. Don't share that you avoided them or you had any sort of attitude about it. A good answer would sound something like this. When I worked as a staff nurse, I had a co-worker who often changed patient care tasks without communicating it to the rest of the team. For example, she would adjust medication timing or move a dressing change earlier in the shift, and the rest of us wouldn't find out until we checked the chart, and it led to duplicate work and more importantly, confusion to the patients. I asked if we could talk in a quieter moment, and I approached it from the angle of patient safety and teamwork, not blame. I said something like, "I've noticed a few times the care plan gets adjusted without the rest of us knowing and this makes it harder for us to coordinate and I just want to make sure that we're giving the patients the most consistent care. Is there a way that we could sync more clearly?" And she explained in her previous unit, the nurses were encouraged to update tasks on the fly to move quickly and she didn't realize that our team relied so heavily on verbal confirmation. We agreed to do brief check-ins at the start of each shift to go over any planned changes and to send a quick message through our internal system whenever adjustments were made. Very quickly, within days, our whole workflow smoothed out. The whole team communicated better, and she later told me that she appreciated me coming to her with explicit expectations rather than everyone having to guess. If you were an animal, which animal would you be? or really any offshoot of these wacky questions that have nothing to do with the role or your competency. Not that you asked, but boy, do I hate these questions. >> Let the hate flow through you. >> Yes, they're asking you this to see what your personality is like. And they likely have some convoluted pseudo psychology rationalization of what different answers mean. But really, this question is a bit of a power trip where they are watching you squirm. [screaming] >> For any of these types of questions, a special trick to think of a really good answer is to think of the trait you want to exhibit for this role and then build your answer back from that. An example is if you were a chief of staff and a core skill you would have is anticipating needs. And so I'm thinking, okay, what animal is good at anticipating needs? Um, how about a seeing eye dog? So you might say, well, if I was an animal, I'd be a seeing eye dog because they are great at watching people and anticipating needs. Or another version of this question is, if you were a superhero, what would your superpower be? And so again, we're thinking, okay, anticipating needs, what superpower would that be? You could say, "Well, if I had a superpower and I would be the power to see into the future because I can predict what's going to happen and I can anticipate needs for the team." So, that's the trick to these questions and it is exhausting, but here we are. Describe yourself in three words. Going into the job interview, you have deeply studied the job description and reviewed your notes from your previous interviews where they gave you additional information about the role. Right. Right. So, when you answer these questions, use three words from the job description. Here's what you're going to do. You're going to name one trait and then give a quick example from your experience for each trait. So your answer would sound something like >> the first word I would use to describe myself is coach because as a director of sales over the past two years I've helped five reps move into senior roles by giving them structured training and opportunities to stretch and then do an answer like that for two more words. When answering why do you want this job? Why do you want to work here? You should touch on three potential areas. The first is the role. This is the most important thing to talk about because they aren't looking for someone who simply loves the company and is trying to get their foot in the door. No, they want someone who is allin on this specific role, the duties, the projects, the goals. They want you to be a master of it and see yourself in this role for years to come. So say specifically why this role is the best next career move for you. Geek out about what you like about the duties, how you're eager to jump in on the projects that you'd work on, and how you feel like you could make a great impact. Next, you can talk about the team. Talk about the people you've met in the interview process. If this question comes up a few interviews in, and say their darn names, okay? It's going to sound like you're already a member of the team. Say specifics of what stood out to you in the conversations with them, how you could learn so much from them and vice versa. How you could see you all working well together and how working with great people makes all the difference. You know, you're lobbing on that sweet praise of true things that you noticed about the team. Finally, you can talk about the company. Discuss what you like about the product, what you're looking forward to accomplishing, why you're excited about the future of this industry, and how you feel that the company is aligned with your values. Now, warning, I would say stay away from an answer that includes things like the location, commute, salary, benefits, because a lot of that is quite similar across roles and companies. such as a huge mistake I see people making is they answer this question with one of the reasons being I'm really interested in this role because it is remote. Okay, millions of jobs are remote. It's like asking someone why are they interested in dating you and they say it's because you have brown hair. Not really a reason with any sort of depth that you would feel good about. Here's an example. I'm excited about the product marketing manager role because it's the blend of work I want to be doing next. I am specifically interested in patientf facing products where I can own the go to market strategy. I also really enjoyed meeting Marcus and Sam. They were honest about the challenges and clear about the direction they want the team to go in. And I'm excited about the company because I've been following your past few releases and the way you're building those AIdriven features. It really shows a long-term vision. It feels like a place I could be for the long haul. The first question is, are you familiar with our company? This is usually asked in the first round recruiter call. This is not a test. They're really trying to figure out how long they should make their explanation of what the company does so that you truly understand. It is impressive to know some things about the company, saying things like, "Yes, I downloaded the app." Yes, I was on your website last night. Yes, I saw the news article about the new product that launched. That will instantly put you in an advanced bracket above other candidates. And then say, but I'd love to hear more about the company and role from your perspective. Here is the two-part formula for answering what is your strength. Part one, name a strength or two that matches a key competency of the role. So take a look at the job description and pay special attention to the prominent skills you see. Take for instance this job description for the VP of business affairs and legal. What are some of these skills that they emphasize? It says here skilled in complex negotiations and handling conflict resolution. What you could emphasize is your strength being excellent at negotiation. Of course, if this isn't one of your strengths, don't say so. But I'm guessing if you're going for this role, I have a feeling you're likely pretty strong at it. Part two, we've got to give an example. A major mistake I see people doing with this answer is they list descriptors and only descriptors. Naming cliche adjectives that you think your interviewer wants to hear is not going to set you apart. Here's an example for a creative director. One of my key strengths is my ability to translate ambiguous ideas into clear creative concepts that teams can execute on. In my last role as creative director at a techdriven wellness brand, we were preparing to launch a new product category with very little creative direction from leadership. And so I led a discovery sprint. I pulled insights from re user research and I built three distinct creative territories that all aligned with broader brand strategy and this gave crossf functional teams a concrete vision to rally behind and we produced a campaign that generated the highest engagement of the year and it helped drive a strong first quarter launch. Now let's move into the second part of the question which is what are your weaknesses? If talking about your weaknesses intimidates you that tracks because I warn you that you can say a weakness here that could be detrimental and they'll kick you to the curb. Don't necessarily view this question as them trying to bamboozle you. Every human has weaknesses and a good manager wants to understand what are your weaknesses so that they can best manage you and set you up for success and put you in a role that plays to your strengths and doesn't rely on your weaknesses. Here's the three-part formula for answering what are your weaknesses. Part one, name something that you're legitimately not great at, but don't choose just any weakness. Choose one that you're already working on and improving. and make sure it is not a core component of the job. Such as a salesperson should never say a weakness that they're working on is cold calling or facing rejection. Those are too important to the role. Here are weaknesses you can say when you're asked the question in a job interview. What is your greatest weakness? A lot of roles require some element of doing a presentation, but it's usually not a huge part of the role. So, this is a really good one to say and it's super relatable. Public speaking is the top fear of humans besides death. Another weakness could be not taking enough risks. You can talk about how in the past you regretted not making bolder moves and decisions in your jobs. You can talk about how you might feel uncomfortable initiating conversations at networking events. This is again very relatable. A lot of people feel like they're not good at this. Part two, explain how you're working on it. Describe the steps that you are already taking to improve that weakness. Part three, articulate the results you've seen from improving. It's not about the weakness going away completely because then they may ask you for another weakness that currently exists, but this shows that you are working to better yourself. The best answers are ones that showcase your ability to take feedback well or demonstrate your self-awareness and they prove that you take the initiative to level yourself up. Here's an example of a weakness also for a creative director. A growth area I've been actively improving is resisting the urge to jump into execution mode too early. I am a hands-on creative by nature and earlier in my career I sometimes found myself adjusting designs or copy instead of guiding the team to explore the solution themselves. And so to address this I've built a practice of asking more coaching style questions in the early reviews and establishing clearer creative principles at the start of each project. And I've also done some leadership training focused on creative empowerment. So now my team definitely feels more ownership. I do like to dabble sometimes, but it's been a lot better now that I've been able to take a little bit of step back.

- How to Perform Autosampler and Column Compartment Calibration   as per IP Guidelines: Kind: captions Language: en hello everyone welcome to Pharma GNP in this video we will discuss Auto sampler and column 1 calibration parameters as per IB guideline for calibration of Auto sampler the parameters are injection volume accuracy injection volume Precision injection volume linearity and auto sampler temperature accuracy in our previous videos we have covered pump related calibration parameters if you have missed those videos you can check it out before continuing with these videos I have given a link of those videos in the description now starting with ingestion volume accuracy to perform injection volume accuracy we require hpl cigarette water analytical weighing balance and hplc while the instrument with hplc red water and program the hplc system with chromatographic conditions such as mobile phase hpl cigarette water flow rate 1.0 ml per minute runtime is about one minute injection volume 20 microliter now fill the hplc wire with hpl cigarette water and close with the cap weigh this wire using analytical weighing balance and record the weight in grams this will give initial weight of wire as W1 the water is used for injection volume accuracy test as its density is 0.0982 gram per ml at 20 degree and point double n70 gram per ml at 25 degree this introduces less than 0.3 percent error when volume is assumed equal to weight inject 20 microliter from hplc yl and repeat it for 10 times that is 10 replicate of injections from the same hplc while after completion of 10 injections remove the wire and weigh again to get final weight as W2 value now calculate the average volume in microliter injected per injection using the formula as average volume is equal to W 1 minus W 2 divided by 10 into 1000 will give macriter per injection the acceptance criteria is the average volume for 10 injections of 20 microliter should be within plus or minus 0.4 microliter now in second parameter we will understand how to perform injection volume Precision in this the chromatographic conditions required to perform injection volume Precision are same as required for flow rate consistency performed during pump calibration so to determine injection volume Precision we require hpl secret water hpl secret methanol c18 or C8 column caffeine iprs analytical weighing balance and glassware such as 100 ml volumetric flask 1 ml prepaid and Beaker for dilution flush the HKC system with hplc red water for about half an hour prepare mobile phase by mixing equal volume of hpl secret methanol and water that is in the ratio of 50s to 50 volume by volume and guess for few minutes to remove air bubble from mobile face now accurately weigh about 100 milligram of caffeine iprs that is caffeine standard using analytical weighing balance in 200 mL volumetric flask add about 10 mL of methanol and dissolve and then make up to the volume with mobile Fizz to get stock solution having 1000 BPM concentration further take 1 ml of this solution into 100 ml volumetric flask and dial it with mobile phase to get solution having 10 BPM concentration after that set the hplc system using mobile phase methanol and water in 50 to 50 ratio column is c18 or C8 having 250 mm length 4.6 mm inner diameter and 5 Micron particle size the floret is 1 ml per minute injection volume 20 microliter detection wavelength UV at 272 nanometer runtime about 10 minutes the expected retention time of caffeine Peak is about 5 minutes allow the system to stabilize then inject blank solution as mobile phase and then inject 6 replicates of 10 PPM caffeine solution record the chromatogram of 6 injections and calculate percentage RSD of peak area of caffeine as obtained from chromatograms the acceptance criteria is the percentage RSD for the peak area of caffeine should not be more than 1.0 percent now in third parameter we will understand how to perform injection volume linearity again the chromatographic conditions are same as required for injection volume precision and fluoride consistency so we can Club these three parameters together or can be performed individually the injection volume linearity is performed using the same 10 PPM calcium Solution by varying injection volume such as 5 microliter 10 20 50 and 100 micrometer in this the concentration of caffeine standard is kept constant and injection volume is changed Now set the hqc system inject blank solution and then inject 10 PPM caffeine solution with duplicate injections of 5 microliter 10 20 50 and 100 micrometer and detector response is measured from the data obtained plot the linearity graph of mean area count of duplicate injection on y-axis against injection volume on x-axis and calculate the value of correlation coefficient or R square the acceptance criteria is the R square should be not less than 0.090 now in fourth parameter we will understand how to perform Auto sampler temperature accuracy to perform Auto sampler temperature accuracy we require calibrated digital thermometer set the sample compartment temperature at 40 degree and allow the system to stabilize for 10 minutes after about 10 minutes record The observed temperature using a calibrated probe with digital thermometer now repeat the same procedure at 30 degree 15 degree 10 degree and 5 degree and record The observed temperature the acceptance category is the observed temperature should be within plus minus 2 degree of the set temperature now we will discuss calibration of column 1 to perform calibration of column 1 again we require column on temperature at 60 degree allow the system to stabilize for 10 minutes after about 10 minutes record the temperature using a calibrated probe with a digital thermometer and repeat the same procedure at 50 degree 30 degree 20 degree and 10 degree and for The observed temperature the acceptance criteria is the observed temperature should be within plus or minus 2 degree of the set temperature that's all for today's video I hope this is useful thank you for watching and see you in the next video

- Jackie Wilson 20/20 Interview Pt. 1: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] how does a rock star who makes so much money lose it all if you're too young to remember American band stand in a Heyday you may not know Jackie Wilson he was one of rock and roll's first big names stars who were the Envy of their generation not only having the time of their lives but making fortunes along the way yet in Jackie Wilson's case Bob Brown found a different story if the music of rock and roll helped shatter Innocents the business of rock and roll was not an innocent game come on here floor let's rock he had flashy stage presence and a voice with the power of an operatic tenor Ro rock and roll star Jackie Wilson build as Mr excitement sold millions of Records in the 50s and 60s lonely teardrops to be loved higher and higher were some of his hits and he created a performance style that singers from Elvis Presley to Michael Jackson have imitated some people are entertainers and some people are great entertainers some people um are followers and some people make the path and are pioneers Jackie where you are I like to say I love you and thank you so much Jackie was a performer's performer he had the the smile The Flash that's what was just great he would do this and the women was you know and he fall down on his knees you know God that was just great he was a great performer Jackie Wilson on stage he he personified what I considered Rock and Roll Show Business to be about you might think that an artist of Jackie son's stature and talent Who Sold millions of hit records could have enjoyed the financial Independence and security that some other rock stars were able to build but this is a story of how Jackie Wilson died riddled with debts without even a headstone for his grave a man whose money problems had worsened through the years because of the way his managers had shuffled his income and expenses and tax obligations Academy award-winning songwriter Al casasia got his start writing for Wilson he didn't know how deep in the hole he was getting further and further in the hole to them and and the books were never honest anyway I became very much aware of of his plight you know as a lot of the other singers had the same situation singer Mary Wilson formerly one of the Supremes and Joey D Who Sold millions of twist records in the 60s understand from their own experiences how a star as big as Jackie Wilson might wind up with very little to show for it there were lots of Double Deal in double Contracting and uh just sheer ripping off of of the ACT you you must understand the acts in those days uh were teenagers going against corporate people and as kids you don't you don't think that it's a cold business I think you grow up and you find that out look out R my back while I'm in pain and when you grow up it's often too late kiss me with your ruby red lip bu me so I turn a back over flip back Jackie Wilson's final years were spent on the rock and roll Revival circuit this 1975 performance was filmed by a Boston dis jockey who followed his career it was Wilson's last complete performance on September 29th 1975 Jackie Wilson had an apparent heart attack and collapsed on stage at the Latin Casino in Cherry Hill he was 41 years old and for the next 8 years until his death he remained incapacitated brain damaged in a New Jersey nursing home that was when some of the financial realities caught up even though he'd been a star for more than 20 years Jackie Wilson was in debt he owed an estimated $300,000 in back taxes and well over a 100,000 to a company owned by the man he had trusted to keep his financial affairs straight it was a classic story of how money had melted away from a young Performing Artist and materialized IED in other people's hands and it began back in the 50s Wilson's manager was a man named Nat tarnopol who was also president of Brunswick the recording company for which Wilson made all of his hits the debts that Wilson owed to Brunswick were in fact among the most common means of exploiting an artist's earnings advancing him money to live well for the present and setting up a future in which Jackie Wilson would be constantly on the hook to Brunswick records and Nat tarnopol who exercised control over his income did he know as a performer that he wasn't getting all that he deserved in terms of the monies that were coming back to him I don't think he really knew uh because he was always going to his managers and Publishers for quotes advances or something that he would want to buy and but the game that was being played is okay Jackie buy it and they no protection of his money in fact it was actually stealing of his money and and and saying you now look's look at the books you took this amount Jackie was never aware you know of how much he took or how much he was spending you have to ask those questions because more than likely people won't ask them for you and in in those days you know um I'm sure Jackie just assumed it was all being taken care of Not only was there no investment on behalf of Jackie Wilson's future and Not only was a mountain of debt being run up against his name shortly before Wilson's collapse in 1975 Nat tarip and other Brunswick record Executives were indicted for tax evasion and maale fraud in a bribery and Peola Scandal among other things it was charged that Brunswick record artists and Jackie Wilson was Far and Away the most popular were defrauded of royalties the money they were supposed to earn from sales of their records according to the indictment Brunswick made hundreds of thousands of worth of record shipments that were never put on the books so the artists were never paid royalties on them in essence it was alleged that the same company that had run up debts in Wilson's name was also cheating him out of the money he could have used to help pay them back Nat tarip was convicted in 1976 a federal appeals court overturned the conviction 18 months later but the judges took pains to add in their opinion that they were satisfied there was evidence from which jury could find that Brunswick artists had been defrauded a jury never had a chance to evaluate that evidence because a second trial never took place and even if one had Jackie Wilson would have been incapable of taking action or testifying because he lay in a nursing home brain damaged from his collapse in 1987 Nat tarip died of heart failure and we were led to one last small but telling footnote on his career by Jackie Wilson's friend Al casha who told us why some songwriters may never get credit on their work if you look at the back of the record you start seeing other names you know the names of some of the Publishers names some of the record producers names who did write those songs we did look and one of the things we found was that on Jackie Wilson's record of Dogg and around the writing credit is listed to a Paul tarip Paul tarip is Nat tarn's son he wasn't even born when dog and around was recorded it was sad but not all that unusual that are

- You've Got A Friend In Me | Innovative AAC Solutions: Season 6 | Ep 7: Kind: captions Language: en The primary purpose of innovative AAC solutions the podcast [music] is to educate and inform. The views expressed during all episodes [music] are solely those of the individuals involved and do not constitute educational or medical advice. They are [music] not necessarily the views of special school district of St. Louis County. >> [music] >> Hey everybody, we're back with another episode of Innovative AAC Solutions and I just want to welcome everybody back from break. We are in 2026. Bridget, do you feel restored and relaxed? >> I'm so happy to be back. I had a great break. How did How about you? >> It was It was great. It was great. Um I'm ready for warmer weather, but you know, we'll get there eventually. Um, since we're back from break, one of the questions I wanted to ask you about was we're kind of into the data season. We're, you know, we're in deep with IEPs and data collection. And I get that question a lot about like, well, how do we how do we track data? How do we take good goals? And I was curious if you have any good resources or tips for our listeners. >> Yeah. And specifically thinking about that generalization piece um and tying in continuous improvement which we all know is you know at the heart of what we do in special education. Um that data collection piece should be obvious to our students and we should make it clear to them how they are performing. And um the way that I personally did it and I think that you can do it in many different ways but the way I did it was twofold. One was um just a simple paper chart. Kids had folders in my room. We'd pull out the folders. Part of their entrance routine and part of their exit routine was going over their data. And either they would color it in or I would assist them with coloring it in or we would put stickers up to their, you know, goal line, whatever it was. And it was also non-contingent on reward. It was not based on anything except, you know, this is your goal. Hey, did you meet it? And if you didn't, how can I help you get there next time? Um, the other thing that I did was remember the dark days of COVID. We all kind of learned some lessons from that. And I created digital tracking sheets because it was too much to like sanitize the markers and sanitize the colored pencils and get out the stickers. And um, you can also digitally data track and just show your students um, this is the digital goal. This is this is where we're performing. you know, how can we help get there next time? And I think that something really cool about that is just helping our students um understand like one, you can do it, and two, if you're doing it here, how can I help you do it there as far as generalization goes? So, maybe we're we're really good at doing it in the therapy session, but maybe we need to move our therapy sessions into the cafeteria or talk to support staff about like what that looks like in the classroom setting. So just kind of um breaking down those barriers, making it obvious, brightening the lines of like did I reach reach my goal and did I make successful you know um demonstrations during this session. [clears throat] >> Yeah, I love that. I defin we can add those if for examples and things like that. We can add that to the show notes in case you guys are curious what those actually look like. Um, but I think it's really applicable to the interviewee that we have on today's episode because just like taking data can be kind of overwhelming for folks. I also think this idea of carryover for Gustalt language processors can be really overwhelming and I get a lot of questions about like what that can look like or how do we incorporate these these principles of child-led play across environments and activities and take data. And so all of those questions, I had a chance to sit down with Katie Arnold and kind of pick her brain a little bit about this topic and share some other fun details and some surprises that she has coming on the horizon. So without further ado, let's jump into our interview with Katie Arnold. Hey everybody. I am so excited to inter interview and introduce you guys to a friend and our next guest on the podcast. Um, this is Katie Arnold and she's amazing. But rather than me tell you all about how amazing she is, I'm going to let her introduce herself and kind of give you a little bit about her background and then I'll jump into kind of our topic for today. Hi, I am Katie Arnold. I am a speech language pathologist about 18 19 years now. Um I have worked in a variety of settings. Um I'm a spouse to a military service member and so I've gotten a chance to travel around and um work in early intervention and private practice in schools. Um and so yeah, I've I've always been in pediatrics and um kind of have found myself in the specialty area of uh focusing on um gestalt language development and um I came into the content probably around um 2011 and I found um Marge Blanc's article finding the words to tell the whole story um because I was a little bit frustrated with looking at progress over time, seeing a lot of the same goals. And then again, I was moving from like one place to another, going from very little ones to my older high school age, young adults, and I'm like, what is going on here? There has to be more. Um, and so thankfully, I came across um Marshblanc's content later. um devoured her book, Natural Language Acquisition on the Autism Spectrum, um once that was published in 2012 and um found my way into working with um Alex Ekos of meaningful speech um in 2021 and really been spending the last few years of my career supporting clinicians and educators in understanding more about Kashal development. And you know, last season we did the entire season on Gustalt language processing and what that looked like and we couldn't just nail down an interview, but this season Katie is all about carryover. And I was like, who could I have on here to talk about carryover and what that looks like? and you were the first person to pop into my head because I just think you have such a well-round because of what you just mentioned, you have such a well-rounded view on the ages, the different types of of um like communication styles that someone might have and then how that all relates to gestalt language development. So, we keep using this term GLP, gestal language development. If someone has never heard that term before, could you just give a little brief overview of what that is? >> Sure. So, when we think about language development, we often think about our little ones that um start with individual words um and they point and they reference it and then they get two words together and they combine those two words and three words and beginning grammar emerges. And that is one way that we develop language. That's considered analytic language development. There is another way to develop language and that is gestalt language development. And for our gestalt language processors um who are going through that natural process of gash language development their first stage isn't a single word. It is a intonationally defined unit of meaning or a whole chunk. Um and they're tuning into the sound stream of our language. They're the rise and the fall of our language. And so for our gashalt language processors, their first stage of gestalt language development is delayed echalleia or scripts or gestalts. Um and so they are listening to the language around them and then during meaningful experiences they are tuning into that language and storing it for later use. So, um, you might hear very rich inonation, um, because they're using the same intonation as the original speaker. Um, and so, in in stage one of Gashall English development, they're acquiring all of this these whole chunks of language around them. And then they can move through the stages of of gashalling English development, moving into stage two, which is mitigation, a breaking down and trimming down of those gestalts, stage three, isolating those individual single freed words. Um, and so at that stage, it's they're processing those words for kind of the the first time as a one for one meaning. And that those individual words have flexibility, and then they move into stage four, where those individual words are now put together flexibly, and they're starting to begin to develop grammar. Um, and then they can move into more complex grammar as they move into stage five and six. >> That's such a great little like summary of everything. [laughter] I think I might even throw in the show notes maybe some one of our amazing handouts or graphs related to that development chart because I love how you kind of summarized in how it is just a natural way to develop language. It's not a diagnosis. It's not a treatment method. It's just how a child might develop language. Um the only other thing I was going to add for someone who's an AAC user and using creative communication, you mentioned that inonation piece. Sometimes that even for our creative communicators looks like using their body >> or using manipulating media and showing you that that's how they are processing. They're processing in chunks. They're processing in in meaningful intonation whether it be music or audio clip or a video clip. And they might be showing you um replayment of that within their natural their natural environments. Right. >> Yes. >> So speaking of Oh, go ahead. >> No, you're good. So, speaking of natural environments, what would you say or would be some good environmental supports in in whether homes, classrooms, clinics, um you know, thinking about some tangible takeaways that staff or families could use to support a gustalt language processor? Well, we've talked about how it's a natural process of developing language. And I think when individuals are delayed in a process, whether it be an analytic language processor or gal language processor, it seems that from my observations, and I've done it before, we almost strip it down our interactions to be very bland and very um robotic. And so my number one strategy would be don't do that. [laughter] keep it natural. Um, making sure that we are communicating with the child in front of us. We're not um we're thinking about them as as a child or as an individual. or thinking about them um and the the exchange in and wanting to communicate with them um in a way that is meaningful and that is connected and that has an authentic relationship to it. Um because who wants to who wants to talk with somebody who is correcting them all the time, telling them what to say, how to say it, when to say it. Nobody does wants to do that. And so if we can really keep things natural and keep a nice flow to the conversation using kid-friendly language um that can be really helpful um and just continuing the spontaneity um of of language in the exchanges. That would probably be my top broad tip there. Um, on the topic of kid-friendly language, um, using language, knowing that a gestal language processor in particular in stage one or is acquiring whole chunks of language, um, thinking about shifting our language from questioning um, and prompting um, to more of just declarative language um, modeling language about, you know, that's more commenting or I really like self-narration. Um like if I'm talking about, you know, I almost like want to give a child a choice. Do you want this or that? And that becomes very again kind of um I don't know, very clinical. It kind of becomes very much of a of a teaching language moment. But I still kind of curious. I'm I do a lot of selft talk like ah I wonder what we should eat. Hm. How about apples? And usually the child will jump right in and you know if they want apples they'll let you know they want those apples and if not um they can always you know be able to to show us and tell us in other ways. Um but a lot of selft talk can be really helpful because if that language is acquired by a gashalt language processor and you stored and used later in that meaningful moment they too might say how about some apples um and so that is um a one way to be able to support their their language and what I love about the examples you're giving Katie is that they're natural so you know there's a natural opportunity for flow and for acknowledgement and versus like that systematic clinical approach you're talking about, right? Like if I pull a flash card out and I have a picture of an apple on it and then I say apple, like that's not natural, right? So like what how does that really relate to my environment? How does that relate to my day? Like there's not that >> that natural piece of processing and understanding it versus how about some apples is if we're pulling out an apple cuz it's lunchtime. Like there's that natural ability to to learn and make a connection. And then you know research supports that too, right? There's research that says if you learn something as a child naturally in play, it only takes 16 around 16 opportunities, 16 to 20 to be able to embed that and have that in your inventory versus 200 plus opportunities in some kind of rigid context, right? Um I'll see if I can find that that [clears throat] citation for for the notes here, but I think that makes that makes sense to us, right? We're wanting our kids, even our gestalt language processors, we're wanting to make natural connections. We don't want them to just have like a bank of things that they can recite or um pull on command, right? That what what you and I would call survival language, right? That robotic like, oh, I can pull that word, >> right? And I think that you can hear it too in the exchanges. You can hear what is naturally acquired from a child um because it sounds natural when it when they use it. Um, and versus a more taught language approach, it can sound very robotic. It can be very rigid. It doesn't feel authentic to the child themsel. Um, it's not as joyful even as as natural language that can be naturally acquired. Um, so >> and it's that easily carried over. >> Right. Right. And that was, you know, one of the things I was thinking about when you were talking about carryover. Um, one of the things that I enjoy most about supporting gasholing processors through like through a very natural um interaction, a very child-led interaction is there isn't really need for carryover. Um, you know, you >> like systematic carryover, >> right? Right. you're modeling in in the moment during natural interactions during those meaningful experiences. And so as you're looking at um you know across you know their school day or the home environment or you all of all of that happens a lot more naturally where you don't have to think about okay now I've taught this skill and now I have to figure out how can I generalize this skill. Okay. Now, I'm gonna create a new um curated situation in this other environment and try to teach the skill that in this environment. Um it the carryover happens just so much more naturally whenever you're approaching it from um a very naturalistic, you know, interaction. Um, so that would be I mean that kind of leads me into another I guess tip if you will is thinking about in some environments I think having child-led interactions. That means um taking sensory preferences into account um thinking about um you know gestalt thinking like a whole part thinking um allowing for the child to lead in both play and in their language. um not really having a plan, being kind of the supporter of we know what the child has in mind as opposed to being the keeper of it. Um, so when we're working with a gashol language processor and wanting to support some environments, I will say are easier to be childled more often than others. But I would also encourage others to not say, "Oh, I can't do it. You know, I'm in a school setting." School settings can be challenging. There is a lot of the day that is very structured and very adult- driven, but I think you can still find moments to be child- led. And those small moments can build to some really big things for a child. It can allow for them to feel safe in their environment and not judge. They can take more risk. Um, when we're thinking about why be child-led, um, I go to like self-determination theory where it's like, you know, you want to be able to build, um, you know, autonomy, competency, and relatedness. And through those things, you know, the child becomes intrinsically motivated. We all do, not just the child. I I feel more motivated when I have autonomy, competency, and relatedness as a part of my workplace, a part of my relationships. Um, and so when we can just find those small moments to be more child-led, um, and build intrinsic motivation, um, some really great things can happen in in the classroom, in your therapy sessions, in the home environment. Um, and I think that's one thing that can really just support carryover, if you will, across all environments. >> And I'm actually thinking back like because you were the moderator and I think still are for the meaningful speech forum and some of those questions. Um, and I'm thinking of one that popped up is like I work at a school. How can I do this in a school? Like this is not we have all these things scheduled out for us. We have to meet our core curriculum standards and whatnot. Uh, and I remember how us tag teaming on that question and going, "But you can. You can do it. What are their interests? How do you pull those interests in? How do they have their own determinations within the curriculum? We don't have to be so rigid. What can we do to to model natural language in a way that is meaningful to them?" Whether that looks like increasing our inonation, offering some consistency around transitions throughout their day, like we're going we're going to lunch, it's time for lunch. Um and and then, you know, one of my favorite things to do is pulling in if their if their jam is Spongebob, if their jam is apple picking, if their jam is Mario Kart, whatever it is, how can we pull that into our literacy? How can we pull that into our science experiments? what you know you have any other thoughts on that topic as well. >> Yeah, I mean I think I I too really enjoy pulling in um interests of a child, things that they are just that bring them joy. um be and and then weaving in some of the academic concepts to that or even if you can't do maybe bringing in say like a character into it but thinking about how to make some of um the goals in our academics be more um meaningful um instead of again teaching language kind of in a vacuum not so great for supporting language development also So skill development within the classroom and academics, thinking about ways to make those interactions uh more meaningful. So instead of just maybe our basic math facts, being able to incorporate math into um how you're interacting with um different materials, maybe we're feeding an animal and we're counting them when we're taking away a couple. And just again thinking about ways to make it um kid-friendly as as child led as you can. If you can again weave in those interest that can be really helpful but also just providing a lot of um you know meaning and context to what we are doing and kind of the why behind it. >> Yeah. And when we do that it's universal supports in some capacity. It's not like your analytic language processors or your other students in your group are not going to benefit from that. Um, so I love that. I love that tip. That's such a tangible takeaway here. Um, so we talked a little bit about how to embed it. One of the things though I think a lot of people get hung up on is this idea of gestalt language processing and literacy. >> Um, >> and I'm just curious, do you like what are some of your go-to resources for that if if we're exploring that topic? Yeah, I think that is an area that there are there are a lot of questions. I think there's probably more questions than answers. Um, and I can't really recommend a particular resource for like, okay, if you have a gestalt language processor, this is how you how it should be done and this is the resource to to look at. Um my resources have become um listening to parents who are supporting their gestalt English language processors in particular um parents who are homeschooling and kind of going at their child's own pace. I think that they have so much um to provide in what has worked for their child and that looks a little bit different across kids. Um one person um I hope I don't butcher her name but uh Dr. Jamie Horics has a a substack um that she has thought a lot about um gashalt language development and literacy and has a lot of thoughts on that. Um she is a autistic gestal language processor um and so I think she has a lot of really great insights. Um but again I think this is a a topic that people are talking a lot about thinking a lot about exploring kind of documenting their journey. Um some things that we might think about um in working with a gestal language processor and how that works with with literacy is for gash language processors who are whole to part thinkers and processing both language and also um large amounts of information often in that way. Um there's adult gestal language processors who talk about they explore math through that kind of wholeart thinking or they explore recipes through that wholeart thinking um and so thinking about if a gestalt language processor is in earlier stages of gestal language development um and they're looking at the whole more they're not yet in stage three where they're indiv they have kind of isolated those individual parts we might see that also in their their literacy development. Um and so there have been some people who are thinking okay let's approach it in more of a whole part fashion in particular in earlier stages. So looking at whole words, looking at whole um written gestalts um and and accessing you know literacy development through that way and there are a lot of people who are thinking as they move into stage 4 where there's more flexibility with language that more aligns a lot closer to phonics. Right? When we talk about phonics, we're looking at those individual sounds and how they can be put together and blended together into syllables and words. Um, and having that one for me, one meaning in particular for reading a noun, this relates to this. So that's much more of a stage three to a stage four gal language processor where they're at in development. Um, so I don't think phonics is off the table at all. I think that it suits a lot better. um as the child maybe moves into stage 4, but there's not a whole lot of research or anything that we can lean into. So, this is just observations and thinking about um the child in front of us and it's going to look different for for different kids. Um Yep. I think I couldn't say it better myself. I think that if you're leaning into those resources, just continue to follow some of the people that we know that are are learning from it. Um we know a lot. there is some level of relatedness to hyperlexia as well for adult language processors who are distic um and so if you notice some of those things lean into it and and just explore what's the most beneficial um >> also I'm sorry I was just going to add I think one thing that is important is a lot of people think about um literacy and supporting literacy solely just through like reading, like actively reading. And I think there's so much that we can still do to support language and literacy um in being really um creative in how we're making the connection between language and written language before we even have to get to the point of actually reading. Um, and so just having reading moments that are positive and that are fun and there's not a lot of pressure to it, having just that print motivation, if you will, um, can be a really great thing to to have. um thinking about some of our earlier stage gal language processors when we're acknowledging their their language as one of the strategies that we really encourage is you know if a if a good language processor is using any language whether it's intelligible or not we want to be acknowledging that language sometimes we might be um speaking it back to them but we can also write it down and we can say oh that sounds really interesting and how about some help um and we can write that making the connection between language and print. Um we can explore that connection too and as we are reading um acting out some of the scenes with them um and making that connection between the written language and and the meaning um behind it. um taking pictures of um activities that the child is doing um and creating your own book and exploring, you know, having that event and then having them dictate and however they might be able to um you know, share about those events and they're and writing that down for them. I think those are all really great ways to lay a really solid foundation um to support them as they move into like the act and skill development of physically reading the words. >> And I think we're talking about these different language developments, but it goes without maybe maybe it needs to be said that there's not like a you don't need to be at a certain level to be able to listen to be exposed to reading and literacy. Um, and I know you have a special passion project like this is one of your passions is literacy and gestalt language development. So I would love for you to share. Do you have anything in the works that you know is kind of um on this topic that maybe we could share with the listeners? >> Yes, I do. I'm very excited. Um I have been thinking about um where some of the gaps are in supporting parents and educators even speech language pathologists as well in in this area. And um one of the things that I decided to do is to create some children's books that are written with gestalt language processors in mind. So, um they I have two books in the works currently and more percolating and I can't wait to get to them. Um but they are going to be um children's books that have just friendly characters, the best of buddies. Milo and Benny are my first two characters that I'm working with now. Um, and it's just natural kid-friendly language um that our gashal English processors, should they store it for later use, would serve them well for different communicative functions, language that can be broken down and easily mitigated. And then also content for um educators and the adults in in their child's life um to learn more about good language development along the way. But it's also just a really great way to have access to books that um the language again would support them, but some of their gestalts you might even find in the book and be able to kind of um read along or have the adult read with them and have some really positive um joint book reading experiences. >> I just had an idea that I'm going to tell you about offline. >> Oh, okay. [laughter] um cuz I cannot wait to to see and share these and I think all of the listeners should check them out because I think that um so um fun fact about Katie is that when I was working on the AAC course is that she actually was like my go-to person to help me with graphics and so I just know that these are going to be graphically appealing too because you have such a great eye for that. Um, and I know I've told you that, but I just I need the listeners to know that you are amazing and um, you have such a a good way and a creative way of blending visuals with the language piece of this. So, that is very kind of you. And I'm working I am working with like an amazing illustrator who I just I um thought about doing it a little bit more on my own. all the back matter and whatnot will be will be me. But um it has been really interesting to be able to work with somebody who is so artistically inclined and bring my ideas to life um through through her her talent. Um but I our gest language processors deserve really good high quality illustrations, something that's going to catch their eye. Um and I hope that these will will do it for um for our kiddos. So, >> I love it. Okay, so I can't let you leave. We got to land the plane soon, but because we could talk all day, you know this. Um, we have in the past. So, I can't let you go though without asking if you have a favorite AEC moment, whether or GLP moment that we could share with our listeners. I one of my favorite AAC moments that is GLP as well is something I actually wo into my second um book that I that I was writing that um has a character that uses multimodal communication. Um but I had a um child that I was working in kind of a sensory room kind of space and he would we were having a great time. was just, you know, following him around and he was super just joyful, interactive. He was crashing and jumping and we were acting out scenes together. Um, and he would keep on going back over to his uh tablet and he was replaying um the beginning of Toy Story, the you got a friend and me part. Um, and at first I thought, well, maybe it's just regulating to him because he was he was we were kind of getting a little rowdy. And and I think that in a way it was, but I what I noticed was when I acknowledged it um and said it back to him, try to keep similar intonation, he looked at me and kind of smiled and then it was just this brief pause and he went on. I was like, you know what? I'm going to put this into his AAC. Um and so I did and then as we um you know across the next like week or so um I was getting reports from mom that he was using it in different environments and um he was using it communicatively like this is a lot of fun like I'm having fun with you and in those moments and so it was a great way for him to share with others and I loved that I it was something that kind of went overlooked using media as communication until I put it into his AC device, you know, that everybody goes, "Oh, this, you know, it kind of switched for for some of the people in his life that that he was using it to communicate." Um, but it was just a sweet way to um to interact with with him um and his in his gishol. Yeah. >> Yeah. And that's what it's all about is the connection piece. So, oh, what a great example to to leave our listeners with. >> I will we'll make sure to put um the show notes in here, all the resources we talked about, including your new it's all going to be available on your website or what's the best way for them to access that? >> Um if they go to echo and growress.com um that will be my website and that where where you can access um the books when they're available. In the meantime, if you go there, there is a freebie handout. It's a lengthy one because, as you know, I can talk a lot. I can write a lot, too. So, I made [laughter] a a freebie handout for you um that you can get on the website. Um so, yeah, you can find me there at echopress.com. I love it. Okay. Well, on behalf of Innovative A Solutions, we just want to thank Katie for being on today. Check her out. She's amazing. um follow her and um she'll just catch you all next time. Thanks, Katie. Thank you. [music] Hey everyone, it's Bridget Sberg again and I'm here with another fun find and it's Mr. Potato Head. Such a classic. Um so Mr. potato head would be a great way to work on generalizing body parts. So, putting on feet and eyes, all the body parts and accessories that go along with it. And it's a really fun and playful way to engage students and to again work on that body awareness, body parts, and um making sure that you know kids are aware of naming their body parts because we think about you know having fun and playing with Mr. Potato Head and that's great. But the other piece that we might not consider is that sometimes our students have their body parts all mixed up language-wise and that unless we're directly teaching them um they're not able to report that their ear hurts because you don't know the vocabulary of ear or they might say that their you know arm hurts when in reality it's their finger. Um so going over that vocabulary is a really good idea in a playful and fun way. And maybe it looks like Mr. Potato Head for, you know, our elementary and middle school kids. And um maybe it would be incorporating a book with Mr. Potato Head afterwards or writing your own book using um Maro Reader, taking pictures of the steps for Mr. Potato Head and then extending that to their own bodies with their own pictures and writing a book that way. Um, but again that generalization piece of we need to know this vocabulary to be able to communicate functionally with parents, with a nurse to report, you know, health status. Um, and that's just really important and it's something to consider and it's a fun, playful way to incorporate Mr. Potato Head and you can find it at the IRC if you don't already have it in your therapy supplies.

- ICH Guidelines (International Council for Harmonization) in pharmaceutical industry. Q & A.: Kind: captions Language: en welcome we will start with very basic question what is the primary objective of IC guidelines in the pharmaceutical industry the primary objective of the IC guidelines in the pharmaceutical industry is to harmonize and standardize Global regulatory requirements ensuring the quality safety and efficacy of pharmaceutical products and facilitating their development registration and approval across different regions and countries what is correct full form of IC correct full form of I is international Council for harmonization of technical requirements for pharmaceuticals for human use here in ic C stands for Council how are IC guidelines developed and updated IC guidelines are developed and updated through a collaborative process involving experts from regulatory authorities and the pharmaceutical industry next question what are the main regions involved in the IC collaboration the main regions involved in the I collaboration are European Union the United States Japan Canada and Switzerland what is the significance of IC q1a and IC q1b guidelines in stability testing the IC q1a and q1b guidelines provide standardized approaches for stability testing q1a outlines general principles while q1b specifically addresses photost stability testing these guidelines ensure that pharmaceutical products remain safe and effective throughout their shelf life helping to protect Public Health as per IC guideline how many key principles are for good clinical practices that is gcp there are 13 key principles of good clinical practices that is gcp all are mentioned here you can refer those for your reference purpose what is the purpose of IC Q2 guidelines regarding analytical method validation the purpose of IC Q2 validation is to establish the reliability accuracy and suitability of analytical methods used to assess the quality and safety of pharmaceutical products ensuring that these methods produce consistent and meaningful results throughout the products life cycle explain the key Concepts in iq3 guidelines related to impurities in Pharmaceuticals the key Concepts in iq3 Pharmaceuticals include defining impurities setting limits for specified and unspecified impurities and ensuring their safety evaluation and control throughout drug development and Manufacturing this one is very important and very frequently Asked question question is what are the key steps of risk assessment according to IC q9 there are five key steps for risk assessment according to IC q9 these are first risk identification second risk analysis third risk evaluation fourth risk control and fifth risk review [Music] how can IC guidelines be applied to the management of post approval changes in pharmaceutical products as outlined in ic q12 companies can use the principles of I q12 to streamline regulatory submissions and approvals for post approval changes ultimately benefiting the pharmaceutical products life cycle management what are the major categories of IC guidelines and what do they cover first category is quality guidelines they come under Q Series second safety guidelines they come under S Series third efficacy guidelines come under E Series and final last one is multi-disciplinary guidelines that come under M series what are the different climatic zones as per I guideline as per I q1 a R2 stability testing of new drug substances and products there are four climatic zones you can refer below table for different stability zones their climatic classification and example of regions that come under that specific stability Zone how do iq12 guidelines promote the life cycle management of pharmaceutical products IC guidelines are used alongside or with the 21 CFR guidelines to promote Global harmonization streamline drug development and facilitate intern interntional collaboration in the pharmaceutical industry what is the role of IC E6 guidelines in the conduct of clinical trials for pharmaceutical products the IC E6 guidelines provide a framework for good clinical practices that is gcp in the conduct of clinical trials they ensure the ethical and scientific quality of Trials data integrity and the protection of participants ultimately supporting the reliability of clinical trial results this one is very basic question what are the key differences between IC guidelines and National regulatory requirements the key differences between is guidelines and National regulatory requirements are that is guidelines aim to harmonize Global standards while National requirements may vary by country which tragedy lead to formation of IC guidelines the thalidomide tragedy in the 19 50s and early 1960s played a significant role in shaping the need for international cooperation in pharmaceutical regulation thalomid was a drug prescribed for morning sickness in pregnant woman but caused severe bir defects in thousands of children what is the significance of the qbd that is quality by Design Concept in ic guidelines the quality by Design or qbd Concept in ic gu gu lines emphasizes or focuses a systematic and science-based approach to pharmaceutical development it's significant because it encourages proactive quality control optimizing manufacturing processes and ensuring the quality safety and efficacy of pharmaceutical products what is the role of IC guidelines in ensuring the quality and integrity of pharmaceutical data and documentation the role of IC guidelines in ensuring the quality and integrity of pharmaceutical data and documentation is to provide standardized science-based principles for data generation management and Reporting next question list down all IC guidelines in Q Series here all the IC guidelines title along with their number are given you can use this information for your reference purpose last but very important question which countries are part of I and plays key role in I here are the top 10 countries that are part of IC that is and plays key role these are European Union United States Japan Canada Switzerland Norway Iceland Len Singapore and South Korea comment if you like the information subscribe to channel for more videos related to our pharmaceutic IC industry

- Good Manufacturing Practices-I: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] digital india educated india hello dear students uh i'm dr muna simulti from hnb gadwal university srinagar gadwal so dear students i welcome all of you in this module and today we are going to discuss gmp part one okay so general uh requirements as per uh gmp for the cell manufacturing of food and beverages cosmetics as well as for pharmaceutical products okay so let's see uh your learning outcome so uh introduction to gmp you are going to learn and good manufacturing practices for premises and material under this heading general requirements okay warehouse area production area quality control persons and health clothing and sanitation of workers manufacturing operations and control so all these things we are going to see in this module we are going to discuss in this module okay now good manufacturing practices now let me introduce you to gmp gmp uh good manufacturing practices okay the full form is good manufacturing practices are the practices which are required in order to conform to the guidelines which are recommended by certain authorized agencies that control the or that control the authorization and licensing of manufacturing and sell of food and beverages cosmetics pharmaceutical product dietary supplements and medical devices so this is the definition of gmp and what these guidelines provides us these guidelines provides the minimum requirement that a manufacturer must meet to ensure that the consistently good quality or quality of its product from batch to badge and for their intended use so general requirements under that location and surrounding so the basic requirement is the manufacturing company should be located far away from the public area or from the crowded place okay so as we uh generally say that the any manufacturing company is should be situated uh in the outer part of a city okay so this is the basic requirement as to avoid the contamination there should not be and contamination from the external environment including the open sewage rain public laboratory and any factory which produces the disagreeable obstructions order fumes excessive shoot dust smoke okay and chemical and biological emissions next is building and premises now what are the requirements for building in premises for manufacturing processing warehousing packaging labeling and testing purpose okay so it should be compatible with the drug operations number one okay adequately it should be provided with the working space to allow orderly and logical placement of equipment material movement of persons okay now the next is each the manufacturing area should be designed constructed maintained to prevent the entry of insect pest burst homicide rodents okay and the air condition should be provided in areas where the operation and the doses form under production takes place okay air control facilities the three door airlock system i am talking about with reference to our pharmaceutical doses form okay it also depends that what kind of air control facilities are required if we go for the parental production if you go for the capsule and a solid dose is formed semi-solid doses form so there uh that the requirements of the different products uh manufacturing is different okay proper drainage system uh should be provided for a different categories of product which shall be of adequate size and so designed as to prevent the back and flow and or to prevent the insects and rodent entering in the premises the walls and floor area uh where the manufacturing of the drug is carried out shall be free from cracks any kind of cracks the surface should be smooth should be easily cleanable should be easily one can easily clean disinfect it okay so these are the requirements now moving to the water system uh water system this is one of the very important and very crucial segment of a uh pharma manufacturing company or that should be a complete validated system uh should be there for the treatment of water drawn from own or any other source which rendered it portable in accordance to the standards specified by the uh by the bureau of indian standards for local municipality ah as in case maybe okay so ah purified water uh is generally used and purified water should be produced and shall be used for all the operation except washing and cleaning operations okay so there is a proper uh manufacturing system of this portable uh this purified water which is to be used in manufacturing of the product disposal of waste okay this is also very important uh thing to keep it in mind that disposal of waste there should be a proper system of disposal the disposal of sewage and influence solid liquid or gas from the shall be conformity with the requirement of environment pollution control board okay so the guidelines for the disposal of waste should be followed as per the recommendations of environment condition control board okay so all biomedical waste uh it shall be destroyed as per the provisions of bio medical waste rules 1996 management and handling okay uh additional precautions shall be taken uh for the storage as well as for the disposal of rejected drugs okay record shall be maintained for the disposal of waste okay now provision shall be made for the proper and safe storage of the waste material okay waiting disposal hazardous toxic substances flammable material and so it should all follow the recommendation provided by this governing body warehouse area so next is warehouse area now adequate area shall be designed to allow the sufficient and orderly wear housing of various categories of material and depending on the type of material to be stored in that warehouse area the facilities should be ensured a warehousing area shall be designed to adapt to ensure the good storage condition as i mentioned and they shall be clean dry should be maintained within the acceptable temperature limits okay and as far as the special storage conditions are required say for example for temperature and humidity okay so uh the temperature and humidity should be monitored recorded and storage area shall have appropriate housekeeping uh uh appropriate housekeeping okay and there should be proper uh facility for the for the stored uh uh the products or the the the products which are stored in warehouse proper racks beans platform shall be provided for the storage of material as per the requirement the next is receiving and dispatch based shelf protect material and from the adverse feather condition okay the where the quarantine status is ensured by warehousing in separate uh and mud area in the same house or store this area shall be clearly demarcated okay so as to make it clear for the persons who are dealing with that particular where of that the products which are stored uh the the whatever kind of products which are stored in warehouse what is the next to be uh what is the procedure which is to be adopted for them for the next coming days okay so it is about warehousing uh the the important thing which i want to mention here that highly hazardous poisonous and explosive materials such as narcotics psychotropic drugs and substances presenting potential risk of abuse fire and explosion shall be stored in a safe and secure place okay and the printed packaging material shall be stored in safe separate and okay and secure areas and the there should be separate dispensing area for the beta victim uh for the hormonal section and for psychotoxic substances and sampling and dispensing of sterile material shall be conducted under the septic condition conforming to grade a which can be performed in a dedicated area of the dedicated area within the facility uh the last two points which is regular wreck shall be made to ensure the adequate steps to be taken against a spillage breakage and leakage okay so it is about the detailed requirements of warehousing next is production area now production area shall be designed to allow the production preferably in uni in uniform with the logical sequence and operations okay so in order to avoid the risk of cross contamination separate dedicated and self-contained facilities shall be made available for the production of sensitive pharmaceutical products like panacean and biological preparation with live micro organisms the next is under production the working and in process space shall be adequate to permit orderly and logical positioning uh of equipment and material okay and moment of persons to avoid the cross contamination and minimize risk of omission okay so this we are discussing the general guidelines okay for the uh manufacturing uh for the production area so these are general guidelines but when we uh when we will talk about the specific guidelines as for the production of trial parental load swarm for the production of solid surface foam so this uh guidelines may vary a little uh depending on the type of manufacturing product we are going to discuss okay so pipe work electrical fitting ventilation opening and similar services line shall be designed fixed and constructed to avoid the accumulation of dust next is ancillary area okay now uh rest and refreshment room shall be separate from the other areas okay so these are some ancillary area we are talking about this area shall not uh lead directly to the manufacturing at storage area facilities for changing storing clothes and for washing and for the toilet purposes shall be easily accessible and adequate for the number of uses okay toilet separates for male female shall not be directly connected to the production storage area so there should be a kind of provision that these facilities this ancillary area must be there but quite uh should be located uh or situated uh in in such a way that they are not directly connected to the manufacturing and storage area of pharmaceutical product the maintenance of workshop shall be and away from the production area whenever space change parts and tools are stored in the production area so this shall be kept in a dedicated room especially okay in locker rooms so ah area housing animals shall be isolated from the other area and should follow the requirements as per guidelines next is quality control area see quality control area means quality control laboratories shall be independent of production area okay and that means there should be a complete setup a different setup for the quality control area separate area shall be provided uh each for physical chemical biological and microbiological and for radio isotope analysis okay a separate instrument room with adequate area shall be provided for sensitive and sophisticated instrument employed for analysis a second is quality control laboratories shall be designed appropriately with the operations to be carried out in them okay so adequate space for each as per the guidelines should be provided okay and sufficient and suitable storage space shall be provided for test sample retained sample and reference standard reagents and for records the design of a laboratory shall take into account the suitability of construction material and ventilation so separate air handling units and other requirements shall be provided for biological macrobiological and for radio isotope testing area and quality control laboratory shall be divided into the separate section okay there should be division of separate section chemical microbiological and wherever required biological testing because the uh because the requirements for each type of section is different and it should be followed as per the recommended guidelines next is personal the general uh general requirements uh as per gmp for the persons who are working in the manufacturing area the manufacturer shall be conducted under the direct supervision of a competent technical staff the manufacturing okay should be carried out under the direct supervision of competent staff with the prescribed qualifications and practical experience in the uh relevant doses form okay or in for active pharmaceutical ingredient okay the head of quality control laboratory should be independent of the manufacturing unit then that means the person who is supervising the manufacturing section should be independent to that of the other sections including quality control laboratory the testing shall be conducted under the technical staff persons for quality control and quality assurance operation shall be suitably qualified and experienced okay written duties of technical and quality control person shall be laid and should be followed strictly that means there should be a complete uh task or a chart uh the which states the assigned tasks and duties to the employees who are working okay a number of persons employed should be adequate and in direct proportion to the work load and the next is the licensee shall ensure in accordance with the written instructions that all the persons in the production area or in to quality control laboratory shall receive training appropriate to the duties and responsibility designed to them okay next is health clothing and sanitation of workers so this is also very important as to avoid any kind of contamination as well as cross contaminations the person's handling especially the beta electrum antibiotics shall be tested for the penicillin sensitivity this is the first step they should be tested for the penicillin sensitivity before their employment and those handling the sex hormones psychotic substances and other potential shall be periodically examined for any kind of adverse effect this person should be moved out of this section except the dedicated facilities by rotation okay as a health safeguard okay next is a prior to the employment that means prior to their appointment in that particular section all the person shall undergo in medical examination including their eye examination and shall be free from the tuberculosis skin and other communicable and contagious diseases okay they should be medically examined periodically at least once in a year and record should be maintained or for their routine examinations also the licenses shall provide the services of qualified physician for assessing the health status of persons who are involved in the different different parts of the manufacturing company okay all the persons prior to the prior and during the employment shall be trained in practice which ensures the person's purpose their personal hygiene okay a high level of personal hygiene shall be observed by those engaged in the processes so uh they are given instructions uh for this uh and the employee shall be uh instructed to uh report about their illness and uh abdomen about their abnormal health conditions and their immediate supervisor to the to their immediate supervisor so that the appropriate action can be taken okay no person showing at any time or the apparent illness or open lessons which may adversely affect the quality of the product shall be allowed to handle okay and starting material packaging material in process material and the direct contact shall be avoided between and between the unprotected hands of personal and raw material okay intermediate or finished or unpacked products all the person shall we are a clean body covering appropriate to their duties before entry into the norm before entry into the manufacturing area okay and there shall be a change room separate for each male female and adequate facilities for personal cleanliness such as wash basin running water uh clean towels hand towels dryer soap disinfectant etc okay smoking eating and drinking chewing keeping plants foods drinks and personal management shall not be permitted in the production laboratory storage and in other areas okay so these are also ah and comes under the general guidelines for the persons next is manufacturing operations and control all manufacturing operations shall be carried out under the supervision of a technical staff approved by the licensing authority okay this is under contents of all vessels and container used in the manufacturing and storage during the various manufacturing storage stages shall be uh conspiracy labeled with the name of the product batch match size and stage of manufacturing okay so all this information which which will help uh the other staffs also uh to deal with the current procedure which is going on the licensing shall prevent mix-up and cross-contamination of the drug material and drug product okay from the environment and from the environmental dust by proper air handling system pressure differential segregation status label is of labeling and cleaning proper records and standard operating procedures thereof shall be maintained okay now the licensing shall ensure the processing of sensitive drug okay like beta electron antibiotics other antibiotic sex hormones psychotoxic substances in segregated areas or isolated products within the building or independent air handling units and proper pressure definitions so as per the requirement of the product proper facility should be provided as per the recommendation so this is the this is the overall conclusion okay and this is uh also inspected okay so it's not like a licensee uh can if licensee is not following any of the recommendations as per the gmp or his license shall be cancelled at any time so that is why these provisions and these recommendations are there and these are the minimum to be assured by a manufacturer okay so now next is uh to prevent the mix-up during production stages material and under processes uh the continuous labeling should be there and it should be maintained uh all equipment used for the production shall be labeled with their current status okay whatever the procedure is going on going on uh for them and packaging line shall be independent and adequately a segregated from manufacturing that means the manufacturing area the quality control area and the packaging area this all should be segregated completely okay they should not use the facilities of one another in any case okay if this it shall be ensured that all leftovers of the previous packaging operations including labels cartoons and caps are cleared before the the closing are next is the the manufacturing environment should be maintained at the uh required level of temperature humidity and cleanliness use of course and the authorized person shall ensure the changeover into the specific in their specific uniform only before undertaking any manufacturing operation there shall be a segregated secured area uh for recall or for the rejected material and for such material which are to be reprocessed or recovered that means there should not be any kind of confusion okay proper labeling of cartoons and proper labeling uh in manufacturing area in the quality control testing and in storage warehousing so that uh the whoever person is dealing with the any uh stage of manufacturing uh should not get confused at any stage okay next is sanitization and hygiene uh sanitization the manufacturing promises shall be cleaned and maintained in an orderly manner so that it is uh free from any accumulated waste dust diaphysis and other similar material the manufacturing area shall not be used for the storage material except for the material which is being processed uh the adequacy uh the adequacy of working on in process storage spatial permeate the orderly and logical positioning of equipment and material so is to minimize the risk of any mix between the pharmaceutical product or their component to avoid the cross contamination okay so production area shall be well-lit and particularly where visual online uh or visual online controls are carried out so dear students these are the references and that's all for this module that what all we have discussed let's summarize it so dear students uh this is a general guidelines which i discussed uh regarding good manufacturing practices for the manufacturing cell of the medical devices pharmaceutical products okay so us and here we are talking about pharmaceutical products only okay so what all we discussed today good manufacturing practices for premises and material okay general requirements uh general requirements of the lab of the location of the area where housing area their production area what all facilities are required in the area okay with reference to manufacturing with reference to quality control and with reference to its storage okay now health clothing and sanitization of worker also we discuss persons the persons who are supervising any manufacturing operations their qualifications and their subordinate stuff okay so all these things we have discussed as well as we also discuss the operations and control okay so uh this is gmp part one so in this we discuss still manufacturing operations and control okay guidelines as per good manufacturing practices general guidelines all right so that's all for this module and uh i will be coming with part two gmp uh part two uh in the next module so we will discuss uh remaining uh guidelines remaining general guidelines in our next module uh gmp practices general guidelines part two so dear students i hope you enjoyed this module so stay tuned for more videos and thank you so much for watching this video

- Ashley Benefield speaks in exclusive ‘20/20’ interview | 20/20 PART 1: Kind: captions Language: en NIGHT. STAY TUNED FOR AN ALL NEW "20/20" RIGHT NOW. >> Deborah: I HAVE THE EXCLUSIVE INTERVIEW AT THE BALLERINA AT THE CENTER OF IT ALL. NOT ON STAGE, BUT ON TRIAL FOR MURDER. AN ALL-NEW "20/20" BEGINS RIGHT NOW. >> I WAS LIVING A NIGHTMARE. AT HOME. IT WAS TERRIFYING. IT WAS LIKE TWO DIFFERENT PEOPLE, AND I CUSTOMER KNEW WHICH DOUG I WAS GOING TO GET. >> YOU'RE 24, HE'S 54. WERE YOU WORRIED ABOUT HER CONNECTING WITH THIS GUY WHO'S SO MUCH OLDER? >> THINGS DIDN'T START OFF WELL. IT WAS LIKE, OH, YEAH, EVA. THIS IS MY NEW WIFE. >> I FELT LIKE ASHLEY WAS TAKING MY DAD AWAY FROM ME. IT WAS ALL A MASQUERADE. . >> I MEAN, CAN I STRAIGHT UP SAY DOUG WAS NOT WHO HE PORTRAYED HIMSELF TO BE? >> THAT WAS SORT OF, WHAT'S GOING ON? >> SO YOU'RE THINKING THAT YOUR HUSBAND, THE MAN WHO LOVED YOU AND SEEMED TO ADORE YOU, WOULD POISON YOU? >> I READ THE ALLEGATIONS AND I THOUGHT, MY GOD, THIS IS CRAZY. DOUG NEVER POISONED ASHLEY. >> IS IT POSSIBLE THAT MAYBE YOU JUST IMAGINED THIS? >> MAYBE IT WAS ALL IN MY HEAD? >> YOU KNOW NOW THIS SOUNDS PRETTY DYSFUNCTIONAL. >> DOUG, WHAT ARE YOU DOING? SHE TRIED TO RUIN YOUR LIFE. >> I DON'T THINK HE COULD HAVE EVER GUESSED WHAT WAS GOING TO HAPPEN TO HIM. >> I'VE NEVER BEEN SO SCARED IN MY LIFE. ♪ >>> GROWING UP, ASHLEY BENEFIELD WANTED NOTHING MORE THAN TO BECOME A WORLD-CLASS BALLERINA. SHE NEVER DREAMED THAT ONE DAY SHE'D BE WEARING A COURT-ORDERED ANKLE BRACELET ALONG WITH HER POINTE SHOES. >> MANATEE COUNTY 9-1-1. WHAT IS YOUR EMERGENCY? >> OKAY, IT'S RIGHT NEXT DOOR TO ME. SHE CAME IN. SHE WAS QUITE HYSTERICAL. AND SAID THAT SHE ATTACKED HER, AND SHE SHOT HIM. >> WHERE IS THE GUN? >> I HAVE IT RIGHT HERE, MA'AM. IT'S SITTING ON THE FLOOR. >> WHERE IN THE HOUSE IS HE? >> MY BEDROOM. >> THE DEPUTIES ARE MOVING AS FAST THEY CAN. >> Reporter: A NORMALLY QUIET LAKEWOOD RANCH NEIGHBORHOOD TURNED INTO A BLOODY CRIME SCENE. >> WAS IT MURDER OFF SELF-DEFENSE? >> IT'S A STORY WITH A LOT OF TWISTS AND TURNS. >> THE 32-YEAR-OLD FORMER BALLERINA ALLEGING HE ATTACKED HER IN HER HOME AND THAT SHE FIRED BAKHMUT BELL TIMES IN SELF-DEFENSE. >> MS. BENFIELD WAS IN GREAT FEAR OF IMMEDIATE AND SEVERE BODILY HARM. >> A WOMAN OUT ON BOND STILL AWAITING HER FATE. >> SO MANY LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICIALS SAID, "NO, THIS ISN'T ADDING UP." >> FORMER BALLERINA AT THE CENTER OF THE SO-CALLED BLACK SWAN MURDER TRIAL. >> ONLY TWO PEOPLE KNOW EXACTLY WHAT HAPPENED. ONE OF THEM IS A SUSPECT FOR SECOND-DEG SECOND-DEGREE MURDER, THE OTHER IS DEAD. >> UNTIL NOW, ASHLEY HAS REMAINED SILENT ABOUT THE NIGHT OF THE SHOOTING, ABOUT WHAT HAPPENED IN THAT HOUSE IN THIS FLORIDA COMMUNITY. BUT TONIGHT, IN HER FIRST INTERVIEW, ASHLEY BENEFIELD TELLS HER STORY. >> CAMERAS ARE ROLLING. >> HEY, THERE. YOUR FIRST TIME DOING THIS, SO HERE WE GO. LET'S GO BACK TO YOUR LIFE IN THE BEGINNING. YOU WANTED TO BE A BALLET DANCER? >> YEAH. ACTUALLY, I STARTED WHEN I WAS 8. A FAMILY MEMBER WAS DANCING ON BROADWAY. AND I WAS VERY INSPIRED BY HER AND WHAT SHE WAS DOING. >> AND WHAT WAS IT ABOUT BALLET THAT CAPTIVATED YOU? >> IT'S COMPLEX. IT'S SOMETHING THAT IS BEAUTIFUL AND POWERFUL, BUT AT THE SAME TIME, THERE'S A LOT OF CONTROL, AND YOU HAVE TO BE RESERVED. I THINK IT'S JUST THE KIND OF DYNAMIC OF ALL OF THE THINGS COMBINED. >> ASHLEY GREW UP IN MARYLAND AS AN ONLY CHILD. HER MOM, ALICIA BYERS, SAYS THEY HAD A SPECIAL BOND. YOUR MARRIAGE DISSOLVED, YOU SPLIT UP WITH HER FATHER, AND YOU RAISED HER AS A SINGLE MOM. >>> UH-HUH. >> WHAT WAS THAT LIKE FOR THE TWO OF YOU? >> AT FIRST, IT WAS AN ADJUSTMENT. BUT, YOU KNOW, WE DID WELL. WE'RE -- WE'RE VERY CLOSED. SHE WAS BLESSED WITH A LOT OF TALENTS, AND SO IT WAS A REAL JOY RAISING HER. >> AND AT SOME POINT SHE BECOMES SMITTEN WITH BALLET? >> VERY, VERY, YES. SHE GOT TO THE POINT WHERE SHE DID IT SEVEN DAYS A WEEK. >> I WAS TRAINING DURING THE DAY, ALL DAY. IT WAS AN EVERYDAY, ALL-DAY THING. >> SHE SOON LEARNS THAT IT TAKES MORE THAN ABILITY ALONE TO MAKE IT AS A PROFESSIONAL DANCER. ASHLEY'S 5'9" AND CONSIDERED BY MOST BALLET COMPANIES TO BE TOO TALL, SOMETHING NO AMOUNT OF TRAINING CAN OVERCOME. >> THERE ARE HEIGHT RANGES IN COMPANIES. A LOT OF THAT IS BECAUSE OF PARTNERING AND COMPLICATIONS THAT CAN ARISE IF YOU'RE NOT WELL-MATCHED HEIGHTWISE. >> THE BALLET WORLD TENDS TO BE KIND OF COOKIE CUTTER. IT WAS HARD FINDING A GOOD FIT FOR A COMPANY. >> WITH HER HEIGHT AND THEN A HAMSTRING INJURY HOLDING HER BACK, ASHLEY DECIDES TO HANG UP HER POINTE SHOES IN HER EARLY 20s. YOU BEGAN TO SHIFT YOUR FOCUS A LITTLE BIT. IN 2016, YOU BECAME CAPTIVATED BY POLITICS. WHAT LED YOU TO THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN? >> WELL, I'D ACTUALLY ALWAYS BEEN INTERESTED IN POLITICS. I WASN'T LOOKING FOR IT. THE OPPORTUNITY CAME UP, AND I WAS JUST FINISHING UP WITH ONE CHAPTER OF MY LIFE. AND IT SEEMED LIKE THE RIGHT THING TO DO, SO I JUMPED IN. >> ASHLEY'S JOB FOR THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN WAS TO GO TO RALLIES AND SHE WOULD RILE UP THE CROWD, PRAY WITH THE CROWD. YOU CAN ACTUALLY SEE VIDEOS OF HER ONLINE. SHE THOUGHT SHE WAS GOING TO BE PART OF THE TRUMP TEAM. >> IN HER DIARY ENTRIES FROM THAT TIME, ASHLEY SAYS SHE FELT A SPECIAL BOND WITH CANDIDATE TRUMP. SHE WRITES, "WE GOT TO THE PLANE EARLY AND WAITED FOR MR. TRUMP TO ARRIVE." ASHLEY WRITES ABOUT HER HOPES FOR HER FUTURE. SHE WRITES A PLEA TO GOD. "I WANT TO BE A WIFE AND MOTHER, PLEASE BRING ME TO THAT SPECIAL MAN YOU'VE CHOSEN FOR ME." >> ASHLEY WANTED CHILDREN. SHE WANTED A FAMILY. SHE PRAYED THAT GOD WOULD BRING HER A MAN TO BE WITH HER. SHE MADE IT CLEAR IN THE DIARY WHAT HER PLAN WAS. >> IN AUGUST OF 2016, IN THE THICK OF THE CAMPAIGN, HER PRAYERS SEEMED TO BE ANSWERED. WHILE ATTENDING A FUNDRAISER AT DR. BEN CARSON'S HOME IN PALM BEACH, FLORIDA. AT SOME POINT, YOU MEET A MAN NAMED DOUG BENEFIELD. >> YES. >> WHAT DID YOU THINK OF HIM? >> HE WAS CHARMING. VERY FUNNY, REALLY SMART, CONFIDENT, BUT QUIET. WE WERE THERE FOR OUR POLITICAL REASONS, BUT THEN ALSO, HE WAS A MAN OF FAITH. SHARED SIMILAR INTERESTS. >> THOSE COMMON INTERESTS INCLUDED POLITICS, GOD, AND GUNS. >> THE FIRST NIGHT THAT DOUG AND ASHLEY MET, ASHLEY HAD A GUN IN HER BRA. DOUG, WHO HAS A MILITARY BACKGROUND, THOUGHT, "WOW, LOOK AT THIS GIRL. SHE'S STRONG AND SHE'S POWERFUL AND SHE'S NOT AFRAID OF WEAPONS." EVERYTHING ABOUT HER WAS JUST GREAT. >> HE NICKNAMED YOU ASHLEY OAKLEY. WE BOTH HAD VERY STRONG OPINIONS ABOUT THE SECOND AMENDMENT. THAT WAS SOMETHING WE BONDED OVER. I HAD A CONCEALED CARRY PERMIT AND WANTED TO BE A RESPONSIBLE GUN OWNER. WE TALKED THE WHOLE NIGHT. WHEN THE EVENING WAS OVER AND EVERYONE WAS LEAVING, WE WERE TEXTING AND UP TILL 3:00 IN THE MORNING. IT JUST SEEMED LIKE I HAD MET MY SOULMATE. WE WERE, LIKE, THE PERFECT MATCH. HE KIND OF SWEPT ME OFF MY FEET. IT WAS LIKE A WHIRLWIND. I THINK IT WAS ABOUT FOUR DAYS IN WHEN HE FIRST TOLD ME HE LOVED ME. >> FOUR DAYS? THAT'S PRETTY QUICK. >> YEAH, IT WAS QUICK. >> SOMETHING ELSE ASHLEY SAYS DIDN'T BOTHER HER WAS THE COUPLE'S SIGNIFICANT AGE DIFFERENCE. YOU'RE 24. HE'S 54. >> YOU'RE A YOUNG WOMAN. SUDDENLY, YOU'RE BEING ROMANCED BY THIS 54-YEAR-OLD MAN. DID ANYBODY IN YOUR LIFE SAY, SLOW DOWN, ASHLEY? >> NO. IT JUST KIND OF HAPPENED. >> BUT THE BLISS WOULDN'T LAST. ASHLEY LEARNS THAT THE MAN SHE'S FALLING FOR HAS BEEN MARRIED BEFORE. >> NOTHING WAS ADDING UP SOMEWHERE. I TRIED TO FIGURE THINGS OUT. THE MORE THE STORY CHANGED. >> AND SHE SAYS SHE BEGINS UNCOVERING SECRETS LEADING HER TO WONDER WHO DOUG BENEFIELD REALLY IS.

- Balance Calibration || Guideline References || Part-1 ||: Kind: captions Language: en hello everyone welcome back to yet another learning video do you know that what are the various calibration parameters of a balance what is the acceptance criteria for each parameter which guideline we should refer to learn about the balance calibration so all these questions will be answered in next few minutes so let's get started without any further delay [Music] a typical balance is calibrated with the help of five calibration parameters those are number one repeatability number two accuracy number three sensitivity number four linearity and number five is eccentricity so these are the five main calibration parameters of a balance which are used globally by all the pharma companies now comes the acceptance criteria for each parameter first comes the repeatability the acceptance criteria for the repeatability is not more than 0.10 percent then comes the accuracy the acceptance criteria for the accuracy is plus or minus 0.10 percent then comes the sensitivity the acceptance criteria for the sensitivity test is not more than 0.05 percent then comes your linearity and the acceptance criteria for the linearity is not more than 0.05 percent and finally comes your eccentricity and the acceptance criteria for the centricity is not more than 0.05 percent so here you can see that for these two parameters reproducibility and accuracy these two parameters have the same acceptance criteria that is not more than 0.10 percent and for these three parameters sensitivity linearity and eccentricity for these three parameters acceptance criteria is not more than 0.05 percent so this was all about your acceptance criteria for all the calibration parameters of a balance now comes the last learning of today's video that is which guideline we should refer to know about the balance calibration so answer to this question is guys u.s pharmacopoeia channel chapter number 41 and 1251 along with that one more guideline you can refer to know about the balance calibration that is european pharmacopoeia journal chapter number 2.1.7 if you will read usp channel chapter number 41 and 1251 then you will come to know that few of the calibration parameters are covered in general chapter number 41 whereas few calibration parameters are covered in jannah chapter number 1251 so let us see what are the calibration parameters are given in usp journal chapter number 41. so guys repeatability and accuracy test parameters are given in journal chapter number 41 whereas in jannah chapter number 1251 four calculation parameters are given and those are sensitivity linearity eccentricity and repeatability if you will see these two journal chapters then you will come to know that repeatability test is covered in both the journal chapters so guys this was all about today's video so let us quickly rewind today's learnings so today we have learned three things about the balance calibration the first thing which we have learned today is that there are five calibration parameters of balance number one repeatability number two accuracy number three sensitivity number four linearity and number five is eccentricity the second thing which we have learned today is that about acceptance criteria for all the calibration parameters and we came to know that for repeatability and accuracy tests are having same acceptance criteria that is not more than 0.10 percent whereas linearity eccentricity and sensitivity tests are not more than zero point zero five and third thing which we have learned today is that there are two journal chapters are given in the u.s pharmacopoeia which talks about the balanced calibration those are usb 41 and usb 1251 along with that we also came to know that in european pharmacopoeia general chapter number 2.1.7 talks about balance calibration hope you have learned something new today before winding up let me tell you one thing that we will be decoding all these usb journal chapters in upcoming videos till then stay tuned to pharmapeel bye bye and happy learning

- Qualification in pharmaceutical industry l Interview Questions: Kind: captions Language: en here are the top 12 frequently Asked interview questions about qualification in pharmaceutical industry subscribe to channel for more informative content we will start with the very basic question what is equipment qualification wh in anex 3 defines qualification as documented evidence that premises systems or equipment are able to achieve the predetermined specifications when properly installed and or work corly and lead to expected results second very frequently Asked question when we should perform equipment qualification answer is in three cases we should perform equipment qualification first at the initial introduction of new equipment premises or system to the facility secondly periodic requalification and third when major changes done to the qualified equipment premises or system next important question which qualification documentation are done prior to introduction of new equipment system to the facility answer is preparation of URS that is user requirement specification then fat that is Factory acceptance test sat site acceptance test purchase procedure and change control procedure are done for new introduction of equipment or system to the facility next question at which stage of qualification equipment specific Sops shall be ready answer is W anx 3 states that all relevant Sops for operation maintenance and calibration should be prepared during qualification however it is minimum requirement that at least draft sop shall be ready at operational qualification stage and shall be attached with respective qualification protocols next important question at which stage of qualification calibration of component shall be done answer is calibration shall be initiated during installation qualification to ensure that the system operates according to the described specifications and because the calibration status could have been affected during transport and installation thereafter it should be performed at regular intervals in accordance with the calibration program and Sops this one is very frequently Asked question why three batches or three test Cycles are considered for equipment qualification answer is consecutive three batches or test Cycles data gives enough statistical information to conclude on the repeatability of results one or two batches data May found insufficient whereas obtaining data from more batches probably will give repeative results next question which guidelines instruct about equipment qualification first one is usfd guidance for industry q7a good manufacturing practice guidance for for active pharmaceutical ingredients second wh anex 3 and third PDA technical report number 31 validation and qualification this one is a tricky question which document shall be prepared before URS or change control answer is URS that is user requirement specification document is prepared for understanding the expectation from proposed equipment or system only after complete and and approved URS we will be in state of proposing Change Control hence after agreement from all cross functional teams and approval of URS Change Control shall be initiated in qms next question is can we combine installation and operational qualification protocol as IQ answer is depending on your needs and the complexity of the system qualification protocols can be combined provided that all key qualification test are covered during Protocol preparation and its execution next question which qualification test are done after introduction of equipment in facility answer is design qualification installation qualification operational qualification and performance qualification next very commonly asked question is what is difference between qualification and validation answer is qualification is directly related to equipment systems or softwares and validation is directly related with the processes the term qualification essentially referred to equipment utilities and systems and it should be completed before process validation last important question whether deviation shall be raised during qualification stage answer is W anex 3 states that any deviation during qualification and validation should be appropriately managed that is it should be investigated evaluated impact assessed and documented and this is to be done through the appropriate quality management system thank you for watching subscribe to channel for more videos related to our pharmaceutical industry

- Nursing Interview questions and Answers | TOP 20 Interview Question for Exp ICU Nurse 🥇: Kind: captions Language: en hey friends welcome back to my channnel nursing study expert this is rosn sha and we are discussing today top 20 nursing interview question a for experienced ICU nurse what is ABG mention its components ABG is arterial blood gas analysis it is the invasive procedure to measure oxygen level in in the blood it is a procedure to measure how well your lungs and kidneys are working the components of ABG are pH 7.35 to 7.45 partial pressure of oxygen P2 is 8200 mm of H partial pressure of carbon dioxide ea2 is 35 to 45 m m m of HG and normal bicarbonate H CO3 is 22 to 26 or 28 M equivalent per liter which test you will perform before ABG modified allance test olude the radial and allar artery of patient and ask client to clench the fist for multiple times you can see whitish PL in the Palm slowly release the pressure from all our site you can see pinkish return in 3 to 5 seconds if it is more than 8 seconds we cannot use that extremity for ABG what are different types of oxygen Administration it is noninvasive and invasive the noninvasive method of oxygen Administration includes nasal pronx face mask ventury mask CPAP and BiPAP the invasive method of oxygen Administration includes mechanical ventilation in that andrial intubation and trach stop what are different modes of mechanical ventilation it is noninvasive mode and invasive mode the non-invasive modes are NIV pressure control mode and NIV pressure support mode the invasive mode includes volume control pressure control pressure support or CPAP volume support and SV synchronized intermediate mechanical ventilation what are the complication of prolonged ventilation ventilator Associated pneumonia ventilator Associated lung injury traal or lingal injury lingo tral stenosis stress ulcer hypotension and pressure ala what are the stages of pressure Elsa there there are total four stages of pressure aler stage one includes superficial layer of skin and the sign of grade one pressure aler is redness the skin will be intact grade two pressure eler involves epidermis and dermis layer of the skin first layer of skin is lost grade three pressure ulcer involves epidermis dermis and subcutaneous tissue and it may have SLO grade four pressure ulcer includes spoons and it can lead to osteomyelitis and the last stage is unable pressure uler where there will be black color scar over the uler in this picture the redness in shows stage one pressure ala where the epidermis and dermis layer includes in the stage two pressure ulcer and in stage three pressure uler it is spreaded to subcutaneous tissue and in stage four pressure elcer the bones are involved how will you prevent pressure ulcer in the prolonged bed rden client the prevention module of pressure ulcer is known as Skin module as for surface provide add mattress to the client another as for schem inspection keep checking the schin frequently k for keep patient moving change the position every 2 hourly I for incontinence keep patient clean and dry and and for the nutrition give high protein diet to the patient and keep patient well hydrated what are the shockable Rhythm ventricular techic cardia and ventricular fibrillation what are the types of shock there are four types of shock cardiogenic shock an atic shock hypmic shock and septic shock cardiogenic shock occurs when the heart is unable to supply apply blood to vital organs such as brain kidney liver and anilic shock anilic shock is another name of anaphylaxis it is the reaction of certain allergens hypo volic shock hyp hypovolemic shock is a life-threatening condition which is caused by rapid loss of blood or body fluids and it is commonly seen in vomiting diarrhea and excessive bleeding septic shock is a condition caused by severe localized or system related infection that requires immediate medical attention and it can cause organ failure and dangerously low blood pressure how long will you do suctioning of a tracho stomy tube 10 seconds the suctioning of of trosy tube cannot be done for more than 10 seconds and the suction should be applied while withdrawing of the catheter what is wall suction pressure setting for adults 80 to 120 mm of H what is narcotic policy narcotic drugs are prescribed by the doctors and no verbal or telephonic orders are acceptable for Narcotics the list of the narcotic drugs includes opium heroin cocaine or morphine or hydromorphine or it is pantal and the prescribed drugs should be collected from the IP Pharmacy by the registered nurse and preparation and administration of the drug should be done under supervision of seni yourness the empty fuel should be returned to the pharmacy in case if there is any remaining drug which needs to be discarded it must be done in the running water in the presence of senior nurse list down five emergency drugs used in ICU injection atropine injection adrenaline injection conate injection sodium bicarbonate injection dopamine injection adrenaline injection Lane injection medola and injection hydrocortisone what are the types of restraint how will you prevent restraint related injury there are three types of restraint physical restraint chemical restraint and seclusion examples of physical restraint includes ment restraint wrist restraint blanket restraint or jacket restraint and the chemical restraint includes injection benzo isipin or any antic psychotic drugs the seclusion means keeping patient in a quiet place away from others and how will you prevent skin injury in restrain patient keeping a two finger brid space and keeping easy release note release restrain every 2 hour and give range of motion exercise and check the skin every 2 hourly for any skin damage what are the immediate drugs used for the management of Shar injection medola and injection diin during cesur do not restrain the patient keep patient on sideline position on a flat surface and prevent head injury look for a tongue bite do not remove dentures and keep monitoring patient after Cesar clean the patient and monitor Vital Signs what is GCS explain the components of GCS GCS is a Glasco Coma Scale total score for GCS is 50 lowest score is three and less than 8 means comos components of GCS includes evm eye opening verbal response and motor response the score for eye opening is four the maximum score for verbal response is five and the maximum score for mtor response is six so if patient opens the eye spontaneously score will be four if patient is responding to verbal command score will be three if patient is responding to painful stimuli score will be two and if there is no response score will be one if patient is well oriented with time place and person score will be five if patient is confused score will be four if patient is responding with inappropriate words score will be three and if patient is making any incomprehensible sounds score will be two and give score one for no verbal response for the mtor response if patient is obeying the command score will be six if patient is responding localized to pain the score will be five if there is flexion or withdrawal to pain score will be four if there is decorticate posturing the score will be three there is d celebrate posturing score will be two and if there is no response to stimuli the score will be 1 so the minimum score is three and the maximum score is 15 if the score is 15 by 15 means patient is well oriented with time place and person what is fast hpit fast hug beit is a memonic used to identify drug related problems in ICU F stands for feeding a stands for analgesia S stands for Sedation T stands for thromboembolic prophylaxis H stands for head of B elevation U stands for ulcer prophylaxis G stands for glycemic control b stands for bubble regimen I stands for indwelling catheter removal and d stands for deescalation of antibiotic how to prevent sees with central line Patient First of all hand hygiene strict aseptic technique catheter site care with chlorexidine at dressing changes dressing and tubing changes according to protocol and avoid femoral lines what are the documentation tool used for fing for it's modified Moss for risk assessment tool for DVT It Is wealth criteria for pressure ulcer it is breaden scale and push to pressure ulcer healing chart for fles it is VIP score visual infusion flab score what are highrisk medications give example highrisk medications are a high risk of causing patient harm or injury if misused or using error and the examples includes a pinch a for antimicrobials P for potassium and other electrolytes and psychotropic drugs I for insulin n for narcotic opioids and sedatives C for chemotherapeutic drugs HED for Hein and other anti-coagulants what are Lassa drugs give example Lassa drugs are lookalike and sound alike drug list of lookalike drugs are tablet ail and tablet lasic tablet dsty and tablet Al injection Magnum iine and injection magnets list of sound alite trucks are injection Z loocks and tablet zipl tablet trotting and tablet trophy tablet atan and tablet ATX thank you I hope you guys are enjoying my video if you have any suggestions please mention in the comment section below and if you want me to create a video on some specific topic mention it in the comment section below don't forget to like share and subscribe my channel

- Serena Williams and Oprah on Deciding to Take GLP-1 Medications: Kind: captions Language: en But I love to dance. I can drop it. I got knees like Megan. Now, >> would you like to see? >> I would love to see. >> Okay. >> Okay. I'll be like, >> hi everybody. Thank you for joining me on the Oprah podcast. So great to be here with you who are watching and those of you are listening. and great to be with this fantastic audience in New York City. So, I am really, really, really excited for this episode because I have been waiting to share with you all the details of how my life has just opened up in ways that I could never have imagined. Okay. I feel strong. I feel vibrant. And I feel more connected and alive than I have in decades, in decades. And I can honestly say I feel liberated. I feel a sense of freedom. And the reason I'm so excited to share this is because just like me, I know that 74% of Americans, that's almost three4ers of us in this country, share the same struggle, being overweight or living with obesity. And besides cancer, did you know this that besides cancer and heart disease, this is the defining health crisis of the modern age? And for the first time, there actually is real hope. So if you're one of those hundreds of millions of people or you love somebody who is one of the hundreds of millions of people struggling with their weight because of obesity, maybe this rings true for you. I can say that almost for as long as I can remember, weight has been a source of shame and embarrassment for me. In fact, I can remember the very first time I was embarrassed by the idea of weight. I' I'd gotten a scale at the Kmart and I was in the hallway standing on the scale and I my father passed by and he says, "No need to you weighing yourself because you know you're going to be big. You're going to be big and no matter what you do, you're always going to be big." He says, "Have you seen your mother? have you seen your mother and your mother's sisters? And he tells the story. He says, I had your mother and your mother's sisters in the back of my Buick and I could hardly drive off with my Buick because they were so big. And I remember that moment and I carry that with me throughout my life. You're going to be big. You're going to be big. Remember your mother. Remember your aunts. And about three years ago, that core belief that I was destined to be big started to shift in the most profound way when I learned that for so many of us, obesity is a disease. The science is now clear. Obesity is not a choice. It is not caused by a lack of willpower or inherent laziness or you not doing enough. It is a disease. And this is one of the most astonishing revelations of my lifetime I have to say. So I want to introduce you to Dr. Ana Yastaster. She is an endocrinologist and professor at the Yale School of Medicine. And hi Ana. >> Hi. Hi Oprah. >> For 15 years Dr. Ana has been at the forefront of the research on the new GLP1based medications. And now she has written a book and I tell my weight loss story in the book. And the book is called Enough. Enough: Your health and weight and what it's like to be free. So my hope is that this book will help all of you who are on your own weight journey. Whether you are taking the new GLP1 medications or not, it is the book that I wish I had when I'd started and wish I'd had long ago when I didn't even know that obesity was a disease. So welcome back to the podcast Dr. Ana. >> Thank you. Thank you so much for having me. >> Uh you have been studying this now for decades and this is the thing that struck me that you all who've been studying this have known that obesity was a disease at least for the past 10 years. >> Yes. Yes. Yes. We have actually longer than that. >> Okay. Longer than that. Longer than that. Okay. >> And how did we all miss the memo? Well, it's one thing for a medical association to declare obesity as a disease, right? So, the AMA declared obesity as a disease in 2013. The WH declared it as a disease in 1948. And actually, we already knew that obesity was a disease back in Egyptian times. It's another thing to say that it's because of biology and to understand that there's an a biology that is driving that obesity. And it wasn't really until the mid 1990s with the discovery of leptin, which is a hormone made by our fat, that we started to understand that hormones communicate with the brain and that can lead to obesity biology. The the other part of it is the new medicines. The new medicines actually opened up an entire new world in terms of helping us to understand the biology of obesity. So until we had effective treatments, there wasn't necessarily a way to treat that obesity. And so they were key in helping us to understand the biology which is why obesity is a disease, not because an association declares it to be. >> Yeah, I I get that part. I So we what we all want to know and for you to explain in as layman's terms as possible um why it is a disease. Now, the very first time I heard this, I likened it into cuz I know there are a whole lot of naysayers and a lot of people who want to believe that it isn't, even though the science is saying it is, but you know, I've been through this. I've lived long enough and done conversations long enough that I remember in the very early days of doing the Oprah show like in like in 1986 1987 the very first time we did a show on alcoholism >> and doctors were saying it it is alcoholism is a disease the audience all the people although we did not have social media at the time were like oh no just put down the bottle why can't you just stop drinking people did not understand yeah >> that There are some people who are genetically prone >> for it being a disease and that everybody who drinks is not an alcoholic. But there are many people who drink and because of what alcohol does to their bodies because of their genes is very different than people who just So is it the same thing? Lots of people are eating in the world. Not everybody is carrying the propensity for obesity. >> Yes. Not everybody is carrying the propensity. Although as you pointed out uh 2/3 or 3/4s of us actually are. So if we had been born a 100red years ago all of us would likely weigh less. So somebody born 100 >> well because of our obesogenic environment. >> So an environment that is filled with ultrarocessed food, lack of physical activity, lots of stress, lack of sleep, all these things lead to the development of obesity. they confuse our biology and our biology is doing the best that it can to adjust. Um, but if we had been born, let's say somebody was supposed to be normal weight 100 years ago, fast forward to right now, they may actually have overweight or be overweight. If somebody was supposed to be overweight 100 years ago, if they were born now, they may actually have obesity. And that's because our environment changed much more quickly than our biology. because our biology evolved thousands of years ago, hundreds of thousands of years ago. >> Okay. So, is it a gene? Is it a hormone? Is it a something within my body that's not in Reese Witherspoon's body? >> So, >> I love Reese and I go to Reese because the first time you told me this and you were saying, "Well, it's our environment." I say I said Reese Witherspoon lives in the same >> Yeah. Yeah, she does. >> She actually lives in the same neighborhood. >> She does. She does. >> And Reese does not have this problem. >> Yeah. Um, and you may walk your dogs together. Um, so genetically she may have genetic thinness and I don't know I I don't know uh the details of of Reese Witherspoon, but she may be more likely to be resistant to that environment, but most of us most of us are not. Most of us end up gaining weight. Now, in terms of the genetics of it, for most people, it's not just one gene. There are people who have monogenic so single gene forms of obesity but for most of us it's polygienic. It's it has to do with our family. So as your dad had had pointed out um so if if our parents have obesity we are more likely to have obesity. Um so there's many genes that are involved but it's true some people are more resistant to that environment than others. >> Okay. Over the years I think I've gained and lost and gained and lost probably you know hundreds of pounds. Yeah. And everybody has seen me pull out the wagon of fat and I thought that was the end of it. And then I ran a marathon and then I've done Weight Watchers. I've done hundreds of diets just like many of you have done hundreds of diets. And I know so many of you feel as I felt like your body is fighting against you. >> And in the book Enough, you talk about >> us all having an internal thermostat. >> And mine I think is set at 211bs. >> Yes. And I say that because my body is always when when I first went on the did the fast back in 1988 and pulled out the wagon of fat. I started out at 211 lbs. After I ran the marathon, put the weight back on. >> I went back to 211 lbs. 211 seems to be the set point for me between 211 and 218. My body is fighting to get to 211. Why is that? >> Your your body's biology is extremely strong. Extremely strong. >> I see that she is. Yes. Yes, she is. Yes, she is. >> She's a tough old girl. >> And she's a tough old girl who wants to be 211. >> Yes. And I don't know anybody else who has more grit than you do. I mean, you have more grit than someone who has scaled Mount Everest. You have tried everything. You have dieted. You have run marathons. It's just like you said, you have so much grit. And yet, you cannot overcome this. And that's because we cannot willpower away the biology of obesity. >> Okay. This is the most important thing to know for everybody who's naysaying and doesn't really get it yet. Your body is always fighting to get back to a certain internal thermostat. >> Yeah. >> And for all of us, that thermostat is different. As I just said, mine seems to be between 211 and and 218. You all are all thinking about what your number is, right? Because you always, no matter what, end up back in in in in that in that range. >> And I can explain it with an analogy. So, we can think about a house and a house has a thermostat. We don't really think about it. It's just set to a certain temperature. Let's say 70° F. And when it is hot outside, what happens? The AC turns on. We don't think about it, right? When it's cold outside, what happens? The furnace turns on. And ultimately, that temperature is 70° F. It's just there. Your body does this with so many different things. It does this with body temperature. So, for example, body temperature 98.6. Are any of us sitting here thinking to ourselves, I must keep my body temperature 98.6. No, we're not. If we're cold, like we are right now, we shiver. >> If we are hot, then we will sweat, right? So, we keep it there. It turns out our body does the exact same thing with fat. It has this amount of fat in mind. And for Oprah, that amount of fat somehow equates to about 211 pounds. So, what does that mean? When Oprah diets, when she exercises, when she does all the things, all the things, what happens is her appetite increases. Her appetite increases and her body says, "Eat more and burn less. Be more efficient with the energy that you have." In the same way, what our body does is actually when we gain weight, it does the opposite. It turns down our appetite and it helps us burn more. But the way that we are built is to actually always want more. And the reason why we always want more and why our body doesn't think that it has enough is because we are built for survival. And so we don't want to starve. So every time Oprah tried to lose weight, her body was like, "You're starving. You better go eat something else. You better conserve your energy. Do not lose that weight. I do not want >> Is that what the food noise is?" >> That's what the food noise is. >> That's exactly what the food noise is. And and for those of you who have never experienced food noise because you live in a thinner body and you don't have obesity as a disease or as an issue for you, please explain what food noise is because I remember talking to somebody and they were like, "What do you mean? What do you mean food?" Oh, I know. >> Oh, you don't know what it is. Okay. Okay. >> So, food noise is a manifestation of that biology of that striving to survive. So basically what happens is if we are living below our um set point or our enough point. So again in Oprah's case 211 pounds. What happens is her body's like well we got to find a way to eat more. You got to eat more. If you don't eat more we're going to die. So constantly she may walk by the kitchen and be like is there something for me to snack on? Is there something is >> I call that that grazing thing where you're just standing in the pantry. you're standing with the refrigerator. You don't even >> you just you and so food noise is a manifestation of that biology. It is persistent. It is disruptive. It is intrusive. It really takes our attention away from all these other things that we could be doing. And any time that somebody is living below their enough point, they may experience food noise. >> But here's the thing. Here's the thing. The moment I took the first GLP1, I mean like the next day, the food noise subsided and I thought, "What the living hell is going on here?" Because all these years, I always thought that those of you who do not suffer from this, have not had obesity or the experience of it. I always thought you all were just stronger, that your willpower was greater, that you that in spite of all the things I've been able to do in my life, that some many of you have that thing that allows you to not to think about food and >> then I realized you weren't even thinking about it. >> That's right. >> You weren't even thinking about it. You describe in enough that the discovery of the GLP-1 medications is similar to the discovery of penicellin and insulin. Why are these medications different than anything we've ever experienced before? >> Yeah. Well, there are these moments in medicine like the discovery of insulin or penicellin. These medicines taught us about the diseases. They taught us about the biology and they save millions of people's lives. And that's exactly what these medicines are doing. They're teaching us about the biology just as we talked about. And they're going to save millions of people's lives. And they already are. And here's why. Because obesity in and of itself is a disease that affects so many of us. But obesity is also associated with over 200 other diseases. 200. So diseases like diabetes, like heart disease, certain types of cancer, hypertension, high cholesterol, all these things. And what is the number one killer of Americans today? It is heart disease. It is heart disease. And if you are a woman and you have obesity, your risk for developing heart disease is 50% higher. And if you are a man, it's 70% higher. And if you already develop type two diabetes, it is 90% higher. So if we can effectively treat obesity, we can treat 200 other obesity related diseases and literally save lives. >> Well, I think there isn't that's really I think there's still u I think there's still a lot of confusion around how and why the GLP-1 medicines work. the this book goes into great detail uh that I know is going to help a lot of you on the journey uh be able to wrap your brains around this. Can you explain it briefly how it works? How cuz you think it's working on your stomach, it's not. It's working on your brain. >> Yeah. Yeah. So, what happens is that um our body wants to survive. And so, it sets this in Oprah's case and in many many people's case, it sets a higher enough point. Our body doesn't think it has enough. So, it's always striving for more, for more fuel, for more fat, for more energy to store. >> That's why you called the book that. >> Yes, that's exactly why I called the book that. I woke up with the idea for the title shortly after the idea of for the book came up and it, you know, it really perfectly captured the essence and that's because our body doesn't think it has enough. Oprah's body doesn't think it has enough. And the medicines re-calibrate. They lower the enough point so that your body knows it has enough. Enough food doesn't need anymore. You just you just are you've had enough. The other reason why it's called enough is because we have so unfairly and tragically blamed people for having a disease that is not their fault and that is not their choice. This is about biology. This is about having a disease. And so we've had enough shame and blame. The book >> that's what the enough meant to me. Enough. enough like enough. We've had enough. >> Yeah. So, this is what I know for sure. Uh that some people, no matter what you do, you can't lose the excess weight. We've watched Serena Williams win championships after championships. You all know she is the GOAT, the greatest of all times. She is an elite world class athlete, working out every single day, eating healthy food. Even she could not win the battle until now. Come on out here, Serena Williams. 23time Grand Slam champion, the goat Serena Williams says her struggle with weight began after giving birth to her two daughters. In August 2025, Serena announced that she lost 31 lbs on a GLP-1 medication and is now partnering with the teaalth company Row to share her story. >> Well, this is the thing. when you came out for row, >> I went, "Holy Lord Jesus and all your disciples," >> I felt that that was a seinal moment and I was like so proud of you because I knew that you were going to get a whole lot of, "Oh, how dare you and what do you mean and what was that like for you that the the day that you came out for row?" >> Um, I just felt good, you know, first of all, you know me, I don't listen to the noise. I'm like, get in line. There's a very long line. >> Go all the way to the back and you're going to be a long time before I hear that complaint. But it made so much sense cuz as you were saying, I'm an elite athlete and I loved hearing what you were talking about cuz all that stuff makes so much sense. And I think everyone's personal body is different. Yes. And like the food noise, like all the benefits that the GOP ones can have. I just feel like for me, I just felt totally different. And I'm literally like my last my last match at the Open, I literally was working eight hours a day in the gym training and I never could lose an ounce. In fact, I feel like I may have even gained weight. >> Wow. Wow. And it was incredible how my body looked even though I was putting in hours and I'm talking we're in the summer in Florida putting in hours and hours and hours of training and I was eating like >> that's when I said Lord Jesus you know >> that if Serena Williams who's working out eight hours a day >> literally >> cannot lose weight something's up. The biology is >> I think it's biology and I think also when you have kids maybe that biology changes. But I feel like a little changes and then you just learn so much about the GLP1s and how much they're affecting your body with the different proteins that it's doing and >> And it's just >> So it did change for you after having your first child. >> I Yeah, absolutely. It did change for me. Yeah. I couldn't lose weight the way I used to. >> And it was actually virtually impossible. >> Yeah. With eight hours. I mean I I can't even imagine. and your workouts. We've seen your workouts. >> Yes. My workouts are insane. A professional athlete. I was actually playing a professional sport. >> So, I felt >> Drop the mic, y'all. That's it. >> I felt it so important to tell my story cuz I felt like a lot of people could relate to that. >> And I loved when you shared your story because for the very reason you are the most amazing athlete >> and all of time >> of all times. But I couldn't beat that weight. >> Yes. couldn't beat the weight. The one opponent I could not defeat >> is the weight. >> Yes. So, it was so exciting to work with Ro and then they really wanted with them, they really wanted to tell a story. They didn't just want to just single out like me. They really wanted to tell a story about so many people were dealing with what I was dealing with. And >> I read that you were initially skeptical of the GLP1. >> Absolutely. Because it's like the skinny shot and like it's a shortcut. And so for years I didn't well not for years but for a long time I didn't do it and I didn't want to do it. Yeah. And I thought like I'm not gonna take the shortcut, you know? I'm I'm gonna work harder. But then eventually I was like I I've tried everything. I've tried every diet. I've tried every workout. I've tried walking for hour. I would go to Europe and Paris and I would just walk for hours and the 20,000 steps a day like every single thing, you know, and nothing was working. Or I would get So this was killing me backstage. I would lose the weight, but my body liked to BE AT A CERTAIN WEIGHT AND THAT WAS SO EYEOPENING for me. I was like, I feel like I didn't know that. >> Enough point. >> Yes. I was like there and it's it's so weird cuz it's like whenever I lose weight, it's like all of a sudden I'll get even hungrier and I'm like my And when I reach a certain weight, it wants to go back to the other weight. And I'm like, no, it's your biology. That's your biology. >> You get hungrier. And guess what? When you're playing those amazing tennis matches, your body's burning less. It's more efficient. So, it's making you eat more and burn less >> because it wants to keep you at that enough point. >> Listen, and and I had enough of that >> That's right. That's right. >> So, what made you change your mind about trying the medications? Well, honestly, um I've heard a lot about this medication, about the GLP1s, not only for weight loss. So, that's the original reason I got on it because I was like, listen, first of all, I do want to lose weight, but there's also other benefits. I don't know if you can share those benefits. But anyway, I thought there I saw I read there's lots of other benefits in the GLP. I'm so excited to read your book because there are so many more benefits from GLP1, >> but I was like, let me at least try those benefits and maybe I can lose weight with it. But >> I would like to say again, everyone's body is different. So, I don't know how you guys all feel. >> I didn't lose you lost weight. You the food noise stopped for you. You said instantly. >> Yeah. It stopped like the next day >> a month or two for me. Really? >> Yeah. And I don't know if anyone else had that, you know, experience, but a couple of my friends are like, "Oh, I've been on it for a month and I've only lost like three pounds." I'm like, "That's okay. I I actually probably lost one pound." >> Um, so I think everyone's personal body talk like I'm like, "Talk to me about that. WHY WHY EVERYBODY LOSES DIFFERENTLY?" I I know somebody that just started, they lost a female who lost on the lowest lowest lowest dose lost 13 pounds in one month. That is highly unusual. I hear that there are super responders to this medication and there are low responders. There are some people who respond really really strongly to it and other people don't. >> And that's cuz there's different types of obesities. There's not one type of obesity. There's different types of obesity. We just haven't figured >> I had the tough time. >> You have the tough time. You have the tough but you responded which is really wonderful. And likely what what happened with you is you probably needed a higher dose. You got to start at the low dose. We'll talk about side effects later, but we got to start at the lowest dose and go up. >> If you don't start at the low dose, everybody, we will talk about side effects later, but if you don't start at the low dose, that's why a lot of people were having major side effects in the beginning throwing up, all of the gastrointestinal issues come when you take too high of a dose and you don't gradually move into higher doses. >> So, it's really good because it sounds like you started at at the appropriate low doses. You go by the book. Got to go by the book. Got to go by the book. And then you go up and you probably just needed to get to that higher dose. It just takes time. But that's a good thing. The weight did not come on overnight. We don't want it to come off overnight. We want to do it slowly. We want to do it well. We want to maintain all that wonderful muscle mass, right? We don't want to lose it all at once. So, this is very good. This is very good. Yeah. >> Good. So, you you you've been now taking the medications for nearly a year. What's changed for you? So, my life, I feel happier. I mean, I feel like I have more energy for my kids. Um, I have a I just feel like I can do more. Don't laugh, but I love to dance. I can drop it. I got knees like Megan now. Would you LIKE TO SEE? YES, I like to see. OKAY. >> WOW. So great, >> you know, but seriously, >> it affects my joints in a like my joints are so much lighter and so much better and I can I'm like, "Oh my goodness, I just wish I had have done this while I was still playing." Like it would have made such a big difference for me in my career. >> Come back. >> I could. But yeah, so it's just as I skip over that. Okay. It was it's just like it's affected me like I feel physically so much better. I feel more alert and it's just to be able to do things that I could never do. Like even when I was playing I could never do that at my highest because I realized it was extra weight that my joints were carrying. >> And like I I can go to the clubs now. >> We saw you. We saw you listen during the Super Bowl doing the thing we did. True. >> I hear I hear you. you you really want people to understand and I think this is so important that the medications are not a shortcut. I mean, first of all, I think that's why I was so proud of you because for you, Serena Williams, the greatest of all times to say you were having problems and now you understand that it was because of your biology and your enough point for you to not to be able to conquer the weight means it's it's it it's it's truly biological. Yeah. And it's so relatable because so many people as we see are dealing with this. Obesity is a real thing and the more I read about it, the more how it's just going to help so many things. >> Like you were talking about heart disease, which is the number one killer >> killer of Americans and it's just >> 13 types of cancer, diabetes, all these different things. >> Well, but yeah. Yeah. I love the way the way I I loved I love the row ad where you said, "I don't take shortcuts." >> Yes. I don't. >> You don't. >> And so I thought that was another thing and I loved how Ro wanted to put this together because I've never taken a shortcut in my life. In fact, I would go the longer way to make sure I was the best, to make sure I did the extra work, to make sure I did the most. And so for me, and that's why it took me a little bit to want to start on the GLP one because I thought, well, is this a shortcut? And it really wasn't. It's just if anything, it's just a shortcut to better health. And that's just the way to look at it. >> And and it's a way to get healthy. If you had diabetes, we wouldn't say, well, I'm sorry, you can't have any insulin. You got to do all these things. >> We wouldn't say, "Let me try to do without the insulin as long as I can." Exactly. let me concentrate really really hard and make my blood sugars normal. We would never say that to a patient. Why do we say okay for the rest of your life control every morsel of food that you're eating. Control every movement that you're doing for the rest of your life. Why would we ever do that? Let's treat the biology. Let's treat the biology just like we treat it for any other disease. So this is absolutely not a shortcut. This is a way to treat your disease. >> But I hate that we weren't looking at it as a disease. We were looking at it in a different way. But if you do change how you look at it and change the conversation, this is why this conversation is so important. I'm so glad we talked about this cuz I'm like we have >> I told you we was have to do something, >> you know, and so it's about having these types of conversations and educating people that this is a disease now treat it. >> Yes. And you're a huge part of that obviously. So is Oprah. >> Yes. Shade, what did you want to say? >> Oh my gosh, Shireena. I was on the subway on my way to work when I read the article about you being on the GLP1s and I immediately signed up with row while on the train because given that you are the goat and your career is evidence of that. I just knew I could see myself in you and just know that it's been working. I mean since August I've lost over 20 pounds. >> Wow. >> And as a psychologist by trade I've always appreciated how you've just showed emotional strength and vulnerability throughout your career. It's really helped women like myself and my clients be able to understand that like resilience is not about, you know, not meeting challenges, but really meeting yourself with self-compassion and grace. And while being uh with row on these GLP1s, I've just had so much compassion for myself. I mean, I was working out four times a week doing hit workouts. >> I love a hit workout. >> Yes, I love, you know, it messes up the silk press, but I love it. But, you know, I wasn't seeing any results and I still had cravings. And then once I started the GLP ones, I'm still doing the HIT workouts four times a week. I still have energy to show up and do that. So, it's just been Thank you so much. >> Doesn't it make the workouts that much better? I That's what I've noticed. My workouts have improved like exponentially. >> Absolutely. And my knees like I'm not going to drop to >> Well, just in case you want to. But even with running, I'm noticing my my joints and knees are not, you know, feeling as tight and heavy and sore. >> Yeah. And and there are, you know, we think there are anti-inflammatory effects. So, it's carrying less and it's the anti-inflammatory and that's, you know, that's where a lot of the research is now because patients are sharing with us what they're experiencing. So, already two examples right here. Food noise, the joints, the anti-inflammatory effects. So, we're learning from all of you. We're literally learning from all of you. >> Yeah. Thank you. >> Well, and don't you feel freer? Don't you feel freer? >> I feel freer. I feel I feel better. I have more confidence. Not that I The thing is, it's not that I didn't have confidence before cuz I did, but it's just it's just different. You know what I mean? It just it just heightens and that and it's like that self-love. It's like you have it, but then it just >> comes out in a different type of way. And it takes away things that you didn't know that you were feeling or you were subconsciously feeling because of the extra weight that you had on you that you try. You said you would do four walk workouts a day. >> Yeah. And like how you weren't losing the weight. I can totally relate. You look great, by the way. >> Thank you. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> Well, we know you have a busy schedule. So, thank you for stopping by. >> Thank you. Thank you for having me so much, Serena. Greatest of all time. >> Nice to meet you. >> The greatest of all time. >> Thank you so much. See you later. See you. >> Take care. >> Bye, everyone. Thank you. >> Bye, Shireina. So, uh, I want to bring in this audience who have questions. Elizabeth, >> hi Oprah. Hi, Dr. Ana. Thank you so much for including me in this important conversation. Um, I've struggled with my weight throughout my whole life. And then I entered the realm of pmenopause >> where my body just continued to expand, especially my midsection. And no matter what I did, I could not contain it. It just kept stretching and stretching and stretching. And so >> which makes you even more prone to heart disease does it not like women who carry weight carry carry the weight in the middle carried it there and it kept on going with a mind of its own. So anything like I said anything I did just wasn't working and um I've heard of GLP1s and when Oprah you shared your experience and success with GLP1 and a dear friend and co-orker of mine had a had a profound effect on her life. I said, "I gotta give this a try." The alternative is what? >> So, I went on Zepbound. It's been eight months. I've lost 52 pounds. >> What's even more exciting when someone sees me and they were like, "Wow, you've lost so much weight." I was like, "I don't have high cholesterol anymore." That's right. >> That to me is like gold. I My cholesterol's been high for so long. It's finally normal for the first time. >> My A1C is normal. Inflammation. What inflammation? It's It really has. >> How's your blood pressure? >> Life life-changing. >> And blood pressure. >> I've That's good, too. I mean, just everything has been when I got my labs, which now labs to me, that's like a rock star. My labs are great. >> I wear it with a badge of honor cuz I have three daughters and I want to lead by example and show that things are possible. >> Yes. So, and the food noise when after the first day of trying it, I was like, "Wow." Yes. >> I didn't know what food noise was till that voice was gone. >> And so my question is back to food noise. Like why do some people have food noise and some people like my husband does not have the food noise? >> Yes. Yes. Yes. So first, thank you for sharing your story. It is one that we hear so much. Perry menopause is a time where people gain weight and where women start to carry more fat around their bellies just like you said and that can cause diabetes. It can cause all these different things that you're talking about. So, I'm so glad that you are getting healthier, that you are feeling healthier and that you're feeling great in terms of the food noise. Um, so it really depends. So, some people just don't have it. But people who live away from their uh set point, from their enough point. So your husband may not be living away from his enough point. He may be living exactly where his brain wants him to be. His brain wants him to carry a certain amount of fat. That's where he is and that's where he stays. For you, you were working at trying to decrease your weight to to lose some of that fat. And so let's say you were 15 pounds away from wherever you were going to be. Your brain was trying to pull you back up. And a great way that your brain, your brain's super smart. It's like, uh-uh, you got to eat more. You got to eat more. So, it was manifesting that biology of not having enough to bring you back up to where it wanted you to be. So, the farther away you are from your enough point, the more food noise you are likely to have. >> So, Carolyn, Carolyn's in our audience. Carolyn, tell us your story and your question. >> Yes. Um, I have struggled with obesity my whole life. Um, I was three years old when a doctor told my mom that I should go on a diet because I was on the high end of the weight scale. So, it's just something that has always been with me. Struggled with the binge restrict cycle throughout my teenage years. When I was 25, I hit 401.6 pounds and decided that I was going to have gastric bypass surgery. So, I did at uh 25 years old in 2020. And in that first year, I lost 180 pounds. >> Incredible. And I felt amazing. And then for the next year, I felt like that food noise was coming back. >> And I wasn't losing any more weight, even though I wanted to lose more. >> I just felt like I was fighting my own body on a day-to-day basis, just to even stay where I was, not even to lose more weight. Yeah. >> And then I found these GLP-1 medications. Heard about them on social media. Um, and I've been on Zetbound for 3 years. It's changed my life. I've lost an additional 60 lbs. >> I feel so much better in myself and have so much more freedom. Like I didn't realize how much time was spent thinking about food >> and now I can go about my day and not think about what am I going to have for lunch? What am I going to have for dinner? What am I going to have for a snack? Am I still hungry? Do I need to eat this? Like >> just so much time and energy was spent on what I was going to eat. And then >> why am I not enough? Um why am I not doing enough to to change my weight? >> Yeah. Um, and >> the title works no matter. >> Absolutely. >> Very good title. I see it works for everyone. Yes. >> And so I understand that with the weight with your mind and your body, it sort of, you know, settles on this certain weight. >> And why would it do that in the sense that like why would it settle on a weight that's not healthy for you? And is there a way to ever change it? Yeah, that is such a great question. So, thank you. Your story is incredible. Um, you have persevered. You've tried all sorts of different treatments for your obesity throughout your entire life. You developed obesity at a very young age. For people who develop obesity at a very young age, so less than 5 years old, there's likely more of a genetic component. So I don't know you know obviously your your history and your medical history and everything but likely there's a stronger genetic component for you than for other people. Um there are many patients who require beriatric surgery and then medications afterwards. So uh around 12 to 18 months after buriatric surgery we can start to see some weight regain um and and it might be disease progression meaning your your body would have continued to gain weight and the the medications really help with that just as they have helped you. They again they recalibrate they lower that enough point even more and that is why you have more freedom from that food noise. That's why you're not thinking about food all the time. the question of why um why our body allows this. I think that the the the desire to survive is so strong that our body our brain specifically has to make this decision. It makes the decision well do I store more fat so that I don't starve so that I survive no matter what. No matter what I survive I survive. I survive or do I decrease that enough point and potentially risk not surviving? There is an upper limit. Meaning that if there wasn't because all of us eat enough that we would actually all weigh over a thousand pounds, right? There is an upper limit, but that upper limit it's it's not clear why it's set so much higher than for other things in our body. But it's a great question. I'm so glad that you're persevering and I'm so glad that all these things have helped you. Um you seem like you're doing great. Yeah, I think the most important thing for everyone to know who suffers from from obesity, uh, and it was always a hard word for me to even use because it's been so stigmatized that we didn't even want to use the word obesity or obese to describe ourselves. um but anybody who suffered from it, I think the most important thing to understand and particularly this book that you've written um enough is that it's not your fault. >> It's not your fault. I heard another doctor uh recently in Australia say that genes uh load the gun >> and the environment pulls the trigger. >> Yes. And I got you get that right. Genes load the gun and the environment pulls the trigger. Yes. And depending on how your genes are loaded into the gun that is you and the environment that you're in, you get the body that you have. And so I think to actually understand that that was Dr. uh George Orrigas who says that. So I want you all to meet now Julius Graham. Julius is a family member. He is Steedman's nephew. So, I've known him for many, many, many, many, many years and have been through many, many, many, many weight loss programs with him. He's now lost 64 pounds on a GLP-1 medication. His story is also featured in Dr. Ana's book called Enough. And Julius, you said that many years food was your best friend. Explain why. >> Well, I used food to cope. I um I didn't know how to survive without it. I I just uh from an early age when I was stealing cookies from a relative from the cookie jar where they had to hide the cookie jar. Hiding food under the bed. >> Hiding food on the bed. Can I tell this story? >> So Julia >> Julius lived with us for a while. Julius lived uh in Chicago uh with Seb and I for a while. And one day we were in the kitchen talking. Remember this? We're talking and we were talking about great snacks. And I said, "You know what I loved? I used to love that Fig Newton commercial where they say, "Darn to I like Fig Newton's." And I said, "Boy, would I love a Fig Newton right now." And Julia said, "You want some fig newtons?" Honestly, he takes me to his bedroom and under the bed are Oreos, Fig Newton's. >> True story. I mean, Cheetos, Red Hot Cheetos, Ruffles, every I mean, it's like a store under there. And I went, >> but I was just like, >> "What is going on in here?" >> Oh, no. >> So, I realized as I got older that I was actually addicted to food. I I tried every diet. Went to rehab for food addiction. Did OA overeaters anonymous. Did diet weight loss centers from as early as my freshman year at in college. I tried everything. I I tried all the diets. And the problem with all that was I started to take on the identity of like something's wrong with me. I'm not >> I'm broken. I'm wounded. And that affected every area of my life. And so I'm so grateful for these GLP1s because it saved my life. >> Saved my life. Gave me a life. >> Tell them about the story about your grandmother. >> My grandmother? Uh, okay. She wants me to cry. >> No, I don't want you to cry. I want you to tell the story because I thought this was a siminal moment for you. >> Yeah. Um, so for a long time in my life, I had been hiding and felt invisible. Um, and so my grandmother, I got a call that she wasn't going to make it. My grandmother raised me from a from a baby and I got the call that she wasn't going to make it. And I told myself in my diseased mind and my biology mind um my addict mind that I just need to lose 5 lbs, you know, before I go to see her before she passes away. >> And how heavy were you in that moment? >> I was probably in the 300s. And I had so much shame and so much uh self- torture and you know just so I didn't want to go home. I didn't want anybody to see me. I was embarrassed. I grew up with all the weight the weight issues and I felt like I would be teased and they would still say, "Look at him. He's still not enough enough." And so anyway, I said, "Let me book my flight." So I booked the flight. I said, "I'm going to need five days because I can lose a pound a day." And as if five pounds mattered when you weigh 300 lb, nobody would have cared. So the night before I left um I got a call and the co you know the call the call was your grandmother you know she's gone that morning I was leaving supposed to leave you know that morning that that very morning. So I've never forgiven myself for that. Um, I was too late. And I I just I've carried that. I've carried that for many years. And it's good to hear and it's nice to hear that it wasn't my fault because I felt so I tortured myself about that. The woman who raised me from a baby, who took me in and raised me, I I I didn't see her before she passed away. And I I made that I also included that into my identity of oh now you're just not a good person. You didn't even see your grandmother before she passed away. And so I've lived with that. And >> but as you're sharing that story, Julius, I can hear other people sniffling and I can hear other people thinking about how you've allowed weight in your own life to hold you back from something that was really important. Lots of us have not shown up in the way that we needed to show up in our lives because for one reason or another you wanted to lose 10 pounds or 15 pounds or you didn't feel like you were enough to be there in that moment. So I really do, you know, you and I have talked about this a lot. Hope that you come to some peace about it understanding number one the weight wasn't your fault. And also I I I I was I was sharing with Julius. I said it reminds me of how many times I've gone to the doctor. Anybody else done that? And you like take one foot off the scale when you're being weighed and if you're 211 lbs, like 218 is not going to make a difference in what the number really is. But you think that it is in your mind. If you're three or five pounds less that it's going to make a difference. You think if you're 300 lb and I lose 5 lbs, it's going to make a difference to somebody. And it doesn't. And I and I I think it's really appropriate that you said in my diseased mind. Yeah. I I was thinking that way. And you were at first reluctant. You shared with me you were reluctant for the GLP ones too because >> well I thought it was the shortcut like Serena said. I I I was taught to grind it out and willpower it out and discipline it out. >> And I was the guy who spent four to six hours in the gym as well. >> And so I could never work out enough. And then something really struck me. This woman here who is the hardest working person I know, >> the most disciplined, the mo who has all the willpower, who has all the grit, as you said, >> if she can't do it, how how am I going to do it? How am I going to do it? I I didn't stand a chance. So, that clicked for me, but it took a while. It took a while. >> And so, what has happened now that you've been on the the medications? What has it been like for you? I mean, my life is just opened up in a way that has never opened up. I'm fully alive, fully engaged. My relationships are better. Everything in my life is just exponentially better. >> You write and this is enough that self-lame is one of the most pernicious effects of this whole disease and shame is it. Yep. >> Yeah. But your story is, I mean, when I heard it the first time, it's it's heartbreaking. And so many of our patients, so many people with obesity, that's exactly what they experience. And it's so unfair. It is so tragic. Why have we blamed people for this long? It's about biology. And now you know that. And you know, I hear in your words now the freedom that you feel. And I wish we had these medicines hundreds of years ago or decades ago. >> We do too. >> So that you didn't have to >> I'm kind of ticked off that since 2000 uh since 2013. Y'all have known >> we haven't we >> It's 2023 when I catch up. >> We did we did have medications and we still have them. They're not as effective as the ones that you're taking now. We still use them. Um, but we didn't have as effective medications yet. So, I'm grateful that we have them now. I'm grateful that we can help patients. We can help Julius. >> We can help our patients. >> Thank you. Thank you, Julius. Thank you. You know, I love you. Thank you. Thank you. You know, I love you. >> We have been through it. We have been through it. We have been through it. Tim Tim is a Tim is a high school teacher and lacrosse coach. Bravo to you. I know we need so many more male teachers right now. What is your question for Dr. Ana? >> Hi, thanks for having me. I appreciate to be part of this conversation. Um, so my my number was like 220. I was carrying 220 for years which was overweight for me. >> That's your enough point. >> That was my enough point. Yeah. >> At 5'8 and a half was a bigger number than what I have liked. So several years ago had about a six-month window of pretty heavy family stress. My mother had a stroke. Brother had major heart surgery and my other brother was diagnosed with stage four colon cancer. So I kind of ate all that on and uh got up to 246. So that was about a little over a year ago. So a friend of ours had real good success with the program and I knew my my father died of a heart attack years ago and had four previous heart attacks and a stroke as well. So, I knew the heart thing was a real threat. So, uh, went on Zepbound, lost, I'd say, was a super responder. I dropped in a hurry. I dropped 60 probably in five months, hit 70 by 6 months, tapered the dose, got to where I am now, which is 185. So, my question is now that I'm at a good weight, my blood levels been good. Um, that blood pressure is really good. >> Great. >> Um, you know, do I have to stay on it forever? Can I can I even lower the dose more without going back up? >> And if I do have to stay on it, you know, what are some long-term effects? Yeah. You know, from that as well. >> Great question. Yes, >> that's the question we want. >> That's the question. >> Um, and this is probably one of the most common questions, if not the most common question that we get both from patients and from healthcare providers. And at the crux of it that the the baseline is obesity is a chronic disease. It's a chronic disease. It's a lifelong disease. So we need to treat it chronically. We need to treat it lifelong. And this is also why we don't call the medicines weight loss medicines. Right? It's not about weight loss per se. It's about maintenance. And what the medicines do is not weight loss. They recalibrate. They lower the enough point so that you your body wants to carry less weight, wants to carry less fat. So that's exactly what happened to you when you lost all that weight. Your enough point came down and the weight followed. Now what do we want to do? We want to maintain. We want to maintain that new enough point. So we want to maintain that new weight. What would happen if we would stop it? Well, the enough point, your enough point would go back up. And what happens when the enough point goes back up? Guess what? You chase it. You go right back up. So you regain the weight. So for most people on average, they regain the weight. You mentioned blood pressure. Okay. So let's say you were taking a blood pressure medication and your blood pressure came down beautifully, wonderful. What would happen if you stopped taking the blood pressure medicine? Blood pressure would go back up and we're not surprised. It's the same thing with these medications. So right now what we're finding is in order to maintain that weight reduction. In order to maintain that weight, you have to keep taking the medicine. In terms of the dose, you know, we're working all these things out. We're trying to figure out what the best thing is in terms of maintaining. right now. Just like for other diseases, the medicine that worked for you, the dose that worked for you is likely to maintain, but there could be some variability. >> Yeah, I tried I tried to beat this, remember? Cuz I said, "No, I'm going to beat it. I'm going to prove to you that I can do it without it." And so I went for like a year uh took myself off the medications for a year, last year, >> and I gained 15 pounds. >> And then I said, "Your enough point went back up. >> Am I my enough point?" I And I was doing all the things. I was still trying to maintain the same amount because I was like, I'm gonna prove her wrong. Uh, I'm gonna I was doing all the same things. I was working out and I was like, "Okay, so I'm walking 3.5 miles a day. Now I just need to walk. I'm going to add to five miles a day. Then I'm going to add to six miles a day. Great. Great. Now I'm going to not eat need eat just one meal a day. I'm going to eat one smaller meal a day." And and I and I put the weight biology is like, "Uh-uh. I'm not listening to that. I'm gonna >> And I stopped myself before I said, "I see where you going, girl. I see where you going. >> You heading back to 211. You're heading back there. >> You can't will power that biology away. You just can't. It's just It's just so powerful. It's just so powerful. >> Yeah. And I was able to keep the weight for like a few months and I was like, "No, Dr. Ana, I'm doing really good." And she'd check in and say, "How are you doing? How you doing?" I'm doing really good. And I was like, "Well, I gained three pounds this week and then now I gained two pounds this week." So I tried. I tried. Yeah. and I put myself back on in August. >> And then to to to to your second point, the long-term side effects. So, uh these medications GLP-1 receptor agonists and and GLP-1 GIP receptor GLP-1 receptor agonist have been used for the treatment of diabetes for 20 years. So, we've been monitoring for side effects for long-term side effects for 20 years. Can I say we know what's going to happen after 30, 40, 50 years? No. With millions of people taking medicines, will everything always be good? No. There's nothing in life that is all good. So, we have to keep on monitoring and looking for things, but right now we're not seeing any long-term detrimental side effects. Now, there are things that come up. In terms of the most common side effects of these medications, they are gastrointestinal. Um, so nausea, diarrhea, constipation, and and sometimes vomiting. Those are the most common. But the best way that we can not have those side effects or at least mitigate those side effects, lessen them, we mentioned before, which is to start at the lowest dose and go up very very slowly. We have to start at the lowest dose. So for you, so your body gets used to it. Your body gets used to it. And that also means that let's say you were going to pause, right, for any reason or stop them for any reason um because of shortage or cost or anything else. If you if you pause or stop them for any reason at any time, you have to start back at the lower doses. >> More than two weeks, right? >> It and it depends on the medicine, but yes, two to three weeks. Um because because of the >> I stopped for a year and then >> you got to start at the lowest dose. You got to start back at the lowest dose again because otherwise if you go up too quickly, you're more likely to have nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, constipation. So start low and go slow is really the best way to go. And that takes communication with your provider. and your provider should know that. There are also things that that that patients can do to help mitigate those side effects. So, they're they're fairly simple. So, it's not eating past the point of fullness, watching out for which foods may exacerbate your symptoms. So, for a lot of people, it's fatty foods. And then the last one is eating smaller but more frequent meals. So, those three things really help in terms of mitigating side effects like nausea. Additionally, drinking enough water really helps. If we're dehydrated, one, our kidneys are not happy, and two, it can actually make nausea worse. And then the fifth thing that I think is so so so critical is if you're having side effects, tell your provider. They're there to help you. They're there to work with you and they're going to figure it out. They're going to say, "Maybe you need a lower dose for a little bit longer and then we'll go up. Maybe we can try this, you know, another way of eating for a little while and that will help you." So, they're there to help you with those side effects. I'd say if you're on the medications, and listen, I'm not just trying to promote your book. Uh, but if you're on the medications, this book is really going to help you. If you're thinking about the medications, this book is really going to help you because I have found that a lot of the providers, they're just getting used to the medications themselves. They really don't know how to advise people. That's what I've discovered. And and what I'll say is, you know, when I went to medical school, it was the late 1990s. We didn't have one lecture about obesity. Uh these medicines didn't exist and we didn't know about the biology of obesity. Leptin had just been discovered, the the hormone that your fat makes that communicates with the brain. So, we didn't have that education. So, in a way, we're playing catchup. We're playing catchup to educate ourselves to then be able to help our patients. And again, these highly effective medications have brought this on. Right now we have an effective safe way to treat um obesity and and we have to >> obesity and the 200 other >> other obesity related diseases. Absolutely. >> Absolutely. All right, Patricia, you had a question. >> So when I saw you hold up that book called Enough, I immediately thought of you saying to all of us all these years, you are enough. >> So thank you for that. >> Um I'm going to be 48 this month and I've spent 30 of those years on a diet. I started on Weight Watchers when I was 16 and I got to the point where I just didn't think anything was going to help. Pmenopause, COVID, etc., etc. >> And to be very honest, I was aware of these medications, but I was afraid to take them. Very skeptical. I really didn't think they would work. >> And then I heard Miss Winfrey was taking them and they were working and I thought, "Okay, well, maybe I could be brave." >> Call me Oprah. Actually, >> thank you, Oprah. So, when I heard Oprah was taking them, I thought, "Okay, I I can be brave and I can try this." And much like Elizabeth, um I had terrific success. I've lost 60 pounds. And more importantly, my cholesterol also went down by 60 pounds. And being a person who was diagnosed with high cholesterol at the age of 11, that was remarkable. >> Wow. More importantly to me, I am built with the genetics of obesity, diabetes, heart disease, high blood pressure. They're all loaded in >> my genetics. Yes. >> And so I've been fighting that my whole life. >> So what I'm most curious to ask you is, do you think that these medications can prevent obesity? >> Yeah, that is an amazing and incredibly forwardthinking question. Um, we are not there yet. We're not there yet. Hopefully within our lifetime. Um, I'm about your age, so hopefully within our lifetime that will happen. Right now, we have tested the medications in people who have obesity and who have overweight with all of these different things that you're you're mentioning, high blood pressure, high cholesterol, all those things that you're predisposed to genetically. We don't know whether they're safe yet in people to prevent that obesity. I think you know going forward we may look at that but right now we don't know and this actually brings up a really important point. These are medicines so there's a risk versus benefit ratio that we have to think about. There are side effects like we talked about and so these are not weight loss drugs. They're not quick fixes. These are medications. And so we always have to think about the risk versus benefit. We know right now the benefit of treating um patients with obesity to prevent all of these obesity related diseases is clear. There are many studies coming out about heart disease, about preventing diabetes, about um treating knee osteoarthritis, about obstructive sleep apnea. All these things are coming out. Um we do not yet have studies to look at obesity prevention. but in people who have a genetic a high genetic predisposition like we've heard from you from Elizabeth. Um those are things that I think we'll look at in the future. Great >> Great question. Yeah. >> So the reason why I'm doing this even though I know I'm going to get a lot of hateration for it is because I just believe that these medications should be accessible to everybody. >> I agree. >> I see how much they have changed my life. I have been in the struggle for a very long time. All of you who've watched me over the years know what that struggle has looked like. Up and down and yo-yoing and yo-yoing and yo-yoing, feeling bad about myself, feeling shame, all that. And I just want everybody else to be released from that. >> And to be released as young as possible, I think of all the years and time I wasted. >> Yes. I waste it feeling embarrassed, feeling ashamed, feeling like um even though I am Oprah and all that that means and it's a pretty good thing. I will say that. But walking into a store >> and sensing that thing when the people just say, "May I show you the handbags? May I show you the gloves? May I show you the shoes?" you know, uh, feeling like you don't belong in this store because you know that there's not one single thing in here that's going to going to fit you. So, no amount of money, no amount of success, no amount of fame can can can change that. So, I am grateful that the medications have arrived in my lifetime. And I think about all the people who I I I've known who could have benefited from them. You know what I think about a lot? I actually think a lot about Luther Vandross. And those of you who know Luther know that he had the same struggle up and down, up and down, up and down. And the other day I was listening to Luther and I was thinking, "Wow, Luther, if you you just hung in there, you would have you would have been able to >> be around when this came and I know that he would have benefited so much from it." So, what do you what do you hope people take away from enough the book? >> Yeah, I mean, this book is about compassion. It is about hope. It is about biology, understanding and freedom. And bottom line is obesity is not your fault. It is not a choice. It is not about willpower. It is about biology. And it is a disease and it's a treatable disease. And now we have effective it's now treatable. And now we have these highly effective safe medications that can treat obesity. and in so doing treat over 200 obesity related diseases. So what that means is that by treating this one disease one patient at a time we can transform the health and lives of millions of people. We can transform the health of our nation and of the world. And I do think that that's enough. >> Oh that is good. good button there. Thank you all for sharing your stories. Uh Julius, thank you for being so open, so vulnerable. I think a lot of people are going to remember that story and think about how you have used weight in your life to hold you back from being the most that you could be, from serving the best you could serve, for showing up the way you needed to show up. Thank you so much for being >> open enough to do that. >> And >> yeah, >> and I want to thank Oprah. >> Because she's been the most vulnerable. She's been the most shamed, the most blamed for something that has never been her fault. And she has turned her pain, her silent pain into something so wonderful for all of us. So, I thank you. I thank you. >> Well, this is what's amazing to me. Thank you for saying that. But I I live with the philosophy that everything is better when you share it. >> Everything is better when you share it. And I've had that philosophy since I was living on a dirt road in Mississippi and we only got candy once a year. I would hold on to my candy till my cousins came because it's a lot better to say, "Ain't this good?" than to than to then than to eat it all by yourself. And so once I discovered this and I I I remember doing a show many years ago uh talking about weight and gaining weight, lose weight, and I said, "Y'all, if they ever invent a pill, if there's ever a cure, I'll be shouting from the mountain tops, I'll be telling everybody." So I'm now telling everybody, telling everybody about enough. Thank you, Dr. Ana Yaser. Thank you. Her book, Enough, Your Health, Your Weight, and What It's Like to Be Free is available now wherever books are sold. A big thank you again to Serena WILLIAMS and all of our guests. See you next week. Go well, everybody. You can subscribe to The Over Podcast on YouTube and follow us on Spotify, Apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen. I'll see you next week. Thanks everybody.

- Serena Williams Tells Oprah Why She Decided to Try GLP-1s: Kind: captions Language: en This is what I know for sure. That some people, no matter what you do, you can't lose the excess weight. We've watched Serena Williams win championships after championships. You all know she is the goat, the greatest of all times. She is an elite world-class athlete working out every single day, eating healthy food. Even she could not win the battle until now. Come on out here, Serena Williams. >> [applause] [cheering] [music] [applause] >> 23-time Grand Slam champion, the goat, Serena Williams [music] says her struggle with weight began after giving birth to her two daughters. In August 2025, Serena announced that she lost 31 lb on a GLP-1 medication and [music] is now partnering with the telehealth company, Ro, to share her story. Well, this is the thing. When you came out for Ro, I went, "Holy Lord Jesus and all your disciples." I felt that that was a seminal moment and I was like so proud of you because I knew that you were going to get a whole lot of, "Oh, how dare you? And what do you mean?" And na na na na na. And what was that like for you, that the day that you came out for Ro? Um I just felt good. You know, first of all, you know me. I don't listen to the noise. I'm like, "Get in line. There's a very long line. Go all the way to the back and you're going to be a long time before I hear that complaint." But it made so much sense cuz as you were saying, I'm an elite athlete and I loved hearing what you were talking about cuz all that stuff makes so much sense and I think everyone's personal body is different. Yes. And like the food noise, like all the benefits that the GLP-1s can have, I just feel like for me, I just felt totally different and I'm literally, like my last my last match of the open, I literally was working 8 hours a day in the gym training and I never could lose an ounce. In fact, I feel like I may even gained weight. Wow. >> And it was incredible how my body looked even though I was putting in hours. And I'm talking, we're in the summer in Florida putting in hours and hours and hours of training and I was eating light. >> I said, "Lord Jesus, you know." >> [laughter] >> That if Serena Williams, who's working out 8 hours a day, Literally. >> cannot lose weight, then something's up. It's the biology. It's >> it's biology and I think also when you have kids, maybe that biology changes. You would have to tell me, but I feel like a little of that change and also as you age a little of it changes and then you just learn so much about the GLP-1s and how much they're affecting your body with the different proteins that it's doing and Yeah. And it's just >> So it did change for you after having your first child? I Yeah, absolutely. It did change for me. Yeah, I couldn't lose weight the way I used to and it was actually virtually impossible. Yeah. Yeah. With 8 hours, I mean, I can't even imagine. And your workouts, we've seen your workouts. >> Yes, my workouts are insane. A professional athlete. I was actually playing a professional sport. So I felt Drop the mic, y'all. That's it. Yeah, I felt it's so important to tell my story cuz I felt like a lot of people could relate to that. >> And I loved when you shared your story because for the very reason, you are the most amazing athlete Of all times. >> But I couldn't beat that weight. Couldn't beat the weight. The one opponent I could not defeat is Yes. So it was so exciting to work with Ro and then they really wanted with them they were really wanted to tell a story. They didn't just want to just single out like me. They really wanted to tell a story about so many people were dealing with what I was dealing with. >> I I read that you were initially skeptical of the GLP-1s. >> Absolutely. Yes. Because it's like the skinny shot and like it's a shortcut. And so for years I didn't Well, not for years, but for a long time I didn't do it and I didn't want to do it and I thought like I'm not going to take the shortcut, you know, I'm I'm going to work harder. But then eventually I was like, I've tried everything. I've tried every diet, I've tried every workout, I've tried walking for I would go to Europe and Paris and I would just walk for hours and the 20,000 steps a day, like every single thing, you know, and nothing was working or I would get So this was killing me backstage. I would lose the weight, but my body liked to be AT A CERTAIN WEIGHT. THAT WAS SO EYE-OPENING FOR ME. I WAS LIKE, "I feel like I didn't know that." >> That's enough point. Yes. I was like And it's it's so weird cuz it's like whenever I lose weight, it's like all of a sudden I'll get even hungrier and I'm like And when I reach a certain weight, it wants to go back to the other weight and I'm like, That's your biology. That's your biology. >> hungrier and guess what? When you're playing those amazing tennis matches, your body's burning less. It's more efficient. So it's making you eat more and burn less cuz it wants to keep you at that enough point. >> Listen, and I had enough of that enough So what made you change your mind about trying the medications? Well, honestly, I've heard a lot about this medication, about the GLP-1s, not only for weight loss. So that's the original reason I got on it because I was like, "Listen, first of all, I do want to lose weight, but there's also other benefits." I don't know if you can share those benefits, but anyway, I thought there was I saw I read there was lots of other benefits to the GLP-1s. I'm so excited to read your book cuz there's so many more benefits to GLP-1s. Yes. But I was like, "Let me at least try those benefits and maybe I can lose weight with it." But I would like to say again, everyone's body is different. So I don't know how you guys all feel. I didn't lose You lost weight. You The food noise stopped for you, you said, instantly? >> Yeah, it stopped like the next day. A month or two for me. Really? >> Yeah, and I don't know if anyone else had that, you know, experience, but a couple of my friends are like, "Oh, I've been on it for a month and I've only lost like 3 lb." I'm like, "That's okay. I I actually probably lost 1 lb." Um so I think everyone's personal body Talk like I'm like, "Talk to me ABOUT THAT. WHY EVERYBODY LOSES DIFFERENTLY. I I know somebody who just started, they lost a female who lost on the lowest lowest lowest dose, lost 13 lb in 1 month. That is highly unusual. I hear that there are super responders to this medication and there are low responders. There's some people who respond really really strongly to it and other people don't. And that's cuz there's different types of obesities. There's not one type of obesity. There's different types of obesities. We just haven't figured I I had the tough type. >> You had the type But you responded, which is really wonderful. And likely what what happened with you is you probably needed a higher dose. You got to start at the low dose. We'll talk about side effects later, but we got to start at the lowest dose and go up. If you don't start at the low dose, everybody, we will talk about side effects later, but if you don't start at the low dose, that's why a lot of people were having major side effects in the beginning, throwing up, all of the gastrointestinal issues all come when you take too high of a dose and you don't gradually move into higher doses. So it's really good because it sounds like you started out at the appropriate low dose. You go by the book. You got to go by the book. You got to go by the book. And then you go up and you probably just needed to get to that higher dose. It just takes time. But it that's a good thing. The weight did not come on overnight. We don't want it to come off overnight. We want to do it slowly. We want to do it well. We want to maintain all that wonderful muscle mass, right? We don't want to lose it all at once. So this is very good. This is very good. Yeah. So you you you've been now taking the medications for nearly a year. What's changed for you? So my life, I feel happier. I mean, I feel like I have more energy for my kids. I just feel like I can do more. Don't laugh, but I love to dance. I can drop it. I got knees LIKE MEGAN NOW. >> WOULD YOU LIKE TO SEE? >> [cheering] >> YEAH. >> WOW. >> REALLY? SO GREAT. YOU KNOW, BUT SERIOUSLY, it affects my joints and it's like my joints are so much lighter and so much better and I can I'm like, "Oh my goodness, I just wish I had a done this while I was still playing." Like it would have made such a big difference for me in my career. >> I could. But yeah, so it's just as I skip over that. Okay. It was It's just like it's affected me like I feel physically so much better. I feel more alert. And it's just to be able to do things that I could never do. Like even when I was playing, I could never do that at my highest because I realized it was extra weight that my joints were carrying. And I can I can go to the clubs now. >> We saw you. We saw you. Listen, during the Super Bowl, doing the thing. We did. I hear you you you really want people to understand, and I think this is so important, that the medications are not a shortcut. I mean, first of all, I think that's why I was so proud of you because for you, Serena Williams, the greatest of all times, to say you were having problems and now you understand that it was because of your biology and your enough point for you to not to be able to conquer the weight means it's it's it's it's truly biological. Yeah, and it's so relatable because so many people, as we see, are dealing with this. Obesity is a real thing and the more I read about it, the more how it's just going to help so many things. Like you were talking about heart disease, which is the number one killer >> killer of Americans. Number one killer and it's just 13 types of cancer, diabetes, all these different things. But but yeah yeah I love the way you the way I love I love the row ad where you said, "I don't take shortcuts." >> Yes, I don't. >> And so I thought that was another thing and I loved how row wanted to put this together cuz I've never taken a shortcut in my life. In fact, I would go the longer way to make sure I was the best, to make sure I did the extra work, to make sure I did the most. And so for me and that's why it took me a little bit to want to start on the GLP-1 cuz I thought, "Well, is this a shortcut?" And it really wasn't. It's just if anything it's just a shortcut to better health and that's just the way to look at it. >> and it's a way to get healthy. If you had diabetes, we wouldn't say, "Well, I'm sorry you can't have any insulin. You got to do all these things." Yeah. Exactly. Exactly. Let me let me concentrate really really hard and make my blood sugars normal. We would never say that to a patient. Why do we say, "Okay, for the rest of your life control every morsel of food that you're eating, control every movement that you're doing for the rest of your life." Why would we ever do that? Let's treat the biology. Let's treat the biology just like we treat it for any other disease. So this is absolutely not a shortcut. This is a way to treat your disease. And you chose that to treat your disease. >> I think we were looking at it in a different way. But if you do change how you look at it and change the conversations, this is why this conversation is so important. I'm so I'm glad we talked about this cuz I'm like we have to We have to do something. So it's about having these types of conversations and educating people that this is a disease now treated. >> Yes, and you're a huge part of that. Obviously so is Oprah. >> Yes.

- Serena Williams on Why She Chose to Use GLP-1 Medication: Kind: captions Language: en OPEN, THE FIRST OF A 23 IN HER STORIED CAREER, BY THE WAY. THIS MORNING WE ARE LUCKY TO BE JOINED BY THE SUPERSTAR. WELCOME BACK. >> GOOD TO BE HERE. >> YES, ALWAYS GOOD TO HAVE YOU BACK HERE. WE ARE GOING TO TALK TENNIS IN A MOMENT BUT WE ARE TALKING ABOUT THIS BIG ANNOUNCEMENT YOU HAVE, THIS EXCLUSIVE ANNOUNCEMENT YOU HAVE, AND IT'S ABOUT YOUR HEALTH AND IT'S ABOUT WHAT A LOT OF FOLKS WATCHING AND LISTENING CAN RELATE TO THIS. WHAT DO YOU WANT THEM TO KNOW? >> A LOT OF PEOPLE ARE WONDERING ABOUT MY NEW FITNESS JOURNEY, AND I THOUGHT IT WAS IMPORTANT TO COME OUT AND SAY IT, I AM THROUGH A -- IT'S THE SIGMA OF IT IS A LAZY WAY OR WHY WOULD YOU DO THAT? AFTER HAVING MY FIRST KID WITH OLYMPIA, AND PARTICULARLY AFTER THE SECOND KID, I WAS NEVER ABLE TO BE AT A HEALTHY WEIGHT, AND IT'S SOMETHING I SUFFERED WITH AND A LOT OF WOMEN ACTUALLY GO THROUGH THIS. I ALWAYS SAID FOR ME PERSONALLY, I FEEL LIKE, YOU KNOW WHAT, AFTER I HAD MY KIDS AND AFTER I GOT A TAD BIT OLDER, MY BODY WAS MISSING SOMETHING, NO MATTER WHAT I DID, I WAS LITERALLY PLAYING PROFESSIONAL TENNIS, AND YOU CAN SEE, SOMETIMES I WOULD -- I HAD THIS AWESOME DOCUMENTARY A FEW YEARS AGO AND YOU CAN SEE IN THE DOCUMENTARY, MY COACH TELLING ME YOU HAVE TO LOSE WEIGHT, YOU HAVE TO LOSE WEIGHT. I'M PLAYING PROFESSIONAL TENNIS AND LITERALLY TRAINING FIVE HOURS A DAY AND I WOULD WORK MY WAY TO ONE POINT OF THE SCALE AND IT WOULD NEVER GO BELOW THAT. FOR ME EVENTUALLY WHEN L PFRPLT LPG 'S CAME OUT, AND IT WAS LIKE I CAN'T BEAT THIS OPPONENT, NO MATTER WHAT I DO, I HAVE TO TRY SOMETHING DIFFERENT. EVENTUALLY, I SAW MY FRIENDS USING IT AND I TRIED IT AND IT ACTUALLY WORKED. >> CRAIG AND I WERE TALKING ABOUT THIS THIS MORNING, YOU LENDING YOUR VOICE TO THAT, IT DESTIGMATIZES THAT, AND YOU PARTNERED WITH ROE, AND YOU ARE A PAID SPOKESPERSON. WHY LEND YOUR VOICE? >> BECAUSE OF THAT EXACT MESSAGE. BECAUSE I LITERALLY TRIED EVERYTHING, I MEAN, RUNNING, WALKING, BIKING, STAIR CLIMBER. YOU NAME IT, I DID IT, EVEN DOWN TO TRYING TO PLAY PROFESSIONAL SPORTS, SO IT WAS SOMETHING THAT I FEEL LIKE -- EVEN I FELT LIKE, OKAY, I DON'T WANT TO DO THIS BECAUSE IT IS A SHORTCUT, OR IT IS, LIKE, A QUICK WAY OUT. BUT IT ACTUALLY ISN'T, AND THERE'S SOMETHING PERSONALLY, LIKE I SAID, MY BODY IN PARTICULAR WAS MISSING AFTER HAVING TWO KIDS, I WAS NOT ABLE TO BE AT A WEIGHT THAT WAS HEALTHY FOR ME, AND I FEEL THAT A LOT OF PEOPLE -- FIRST OF ALL, I LOVE WORKING WITH RO, BECAUSE IT MAKES IT SO EASY TO GET THE MEDICATION YOU NEED. YOU CAN ASK ALL KINDS OF QUESTIONS, AND THEY MAKE THE EXPERIENCE REALLY EXCITING SO I REALLY LOVE THAT. YEAH, I JUST FEEL LIKE A LOT OF PEOPLE ARE ON IT. >> AND DON'T TALK ABOUT IT. >> YEAH, AND DON'T TALK ABOUT IT, AND WHY ARE WE QUESTIONING? WE SHOULD BE TALKING ABOUT IT AND BEEN OPEN, AND I HAVE BEEN KIND OF OPEN MOST OF MY LIFE, AND I FEEL LIKE THERE'S NO NEED TO NOT DENY IT, AND IT IS WHAT IT IS AND I LOVE HOW I'M FEELING NOW. >> LET'S TALK TENNIS. THE U.S. OPEN IS UNDERWAY. YOU SPENT YEARS, A COUPLE DECADES, SMASHING RECORDS. DO YOU GET TIRED OF PEOPLE COMING UP TO YOU AND SAYING, SERENA, WHEN ARE YOU COMING BACK? YOU COMING BACK? YOU LOOK GREAT. LOOKS LIKE YOU ARE TRAINING TO COME BACK. >> I DON'T KNOW. I DON'T KNOW IF I GET TIRED OF IT, I DON'T REALLY HEAR THE NOISE OR LISTEN TO, AND I KIND OF MUTE OUT EVERYTHING, GOTTEN GOOD AT MUTING OUT THE NOISE, BUT, YOU KNOW, IT'S A SPORT I LOVE. >> YOU MISS IT? >> I DO. I THINK THERE'S ALWAYS A PART THAT WILL MISS IT, BECAUSE WHEN YOU DO SOMETHING FOR YOUR ENTIRE LIFE FROM THE DAY YOU REMEMBER, YOU ALWAYS HAD A GOAL AND THEN ONE DAY YOU WAKE UP AND YOU HAVE -- THAT'S NOT YOUR GOAL ANYMORE. IT'S A HUGE CHANGE. BUT AT THE SAME TIME, I HAVE SO MANY WONDERFUL MEMORIES, YOU KNOW. I HAD SO MANY GREAT TIMES, AND, YEAH, I CAN ALWAYS TAKE SOLACE IN THAT. >> ANY PLANS TO CHEER ON VENUS? >> RIGHT, I'M SO EXCITED. YEAH, YEAH, YEAH, I WILL BE CHEERING HER ON AND ROOTING HER ON THE WHOLE WAY. PRETTY EXCITED ABOUT WHAT SHE'S DOING. REMARKABLE. >> YEAH, SHE'S TALKING ABOUT HER HEALTH JOURNEY. SHE ANNOUNCED HER ENGAGEMENT RECENTLY, AND WE'RE EXCITED FOR HER. YOU HAVE BEEN MARRIED ALMOST A DECADE. ANY ADVICE? >> I CAN'T BELIEVE IT. WELL, MY ADVICE IS TO ALWAYS HAVE FUN, YOU KNOW, TO ALWAYS GO ON DATES AND TO TAKE A MOMENT AND JUST, LIKE, DANCE, LET YOUR GUARD DOWN, LET YOU FEEL VULNERABLE. YOU HAVE THESE DIFFERENT MOMENTS. I'M NO EXPERT, AND I'M DEFINITELY NOT PERFECT, I MEAN -- >> I'M CLOSE. CLOSE. >> CLOSE. >> YOU HAVE BEEN TO THE BACHELORETTE PARTY? >> WE ALREADY HAD THAT. >> OH, OKAY. >> BUT WE ARE PLANNING LOTS OF DIFFERENT PARTIES AND EVENTS AND IT'S ACTUALLY OVERWHELMING, AND I TOLD VENUS YESTERDAY, ONE MORE THING YOU WANT ME TO DO, AND I'M DONE. THAT'S IT. >> SPEAKING OF YOUR SISTER, AND I READ RECENTLY YOU ARE STARTING A PODCAST. >> WE ARE. WE ARE STARTING A PODCAST. WE DECIDED TO NAME IT STOCKTON STREET. >> FOR FOLKS THAT DON'T KNOW WHY, STOCKTON STREET? >> STOCKTON STREET IS THE TREAT WE GREW UP ON. VENUS CAME UP WITH THE GAME, AND WE HAD LOTS OF NAMES AND EVERYTHING WAS TAKEN AND THEN SHE SAID, WHAT DO YOU THINK ABOUT STOCKTON STREET, AND I SAID, THAT'S IT. >> DONE. >> IT WAS SUCH A GOOD OPPORTUNITY BECAUSE IT HAS SO MUCH HISTORY ON IT AND WE ALSO JUST LOVE TO THINK ABOUT BRANDING IN DIFFERENT WAYS AND DIFFERENT SORTS AND FEELING LIKE STOCKTON STREET IS SOMETHING THAT -- WELL, IT'S STILL THERE AND WILL ALWAYS BE THERE, SO YEAH, WE CAN KIND OF JUST LIVE ON AND TALK ABOUT LOTS OF DIFFERENT THINGS ON OUR PODCAST. >> IT'S PART OF WHO YOU GUYS ARE, TOO. >> YEAH. >> FUN TO SEE YOU

- Oprah and Yale Researcher Break Down How Weight Loss Drugs Affect the Brain: Kind: captions Language: en whether you are listening on the Oprah podcast or watching on YouTube I appreciate you being with us last year Millions tuned into to my special on ABC shame blame and the weight loss Revolution it's now streaming on Hulu if you want to check it out we're continuing the conversation around weight loss medications like OIC and Manjaro people still don't understand it is it the easy way out it's absolutely the opposite I'm joined on this podcast by Dr Ana yasto an endocrinologist and associate professor at the Yale School of Medicine she has been studying glp1 medications for more than 20 years obesity is not a choice it is about biology we are diving into the latest research on these medications that roughly 15 million Americans are now using can you set the record straight on side effects Dr Ana is here to answer a lot of your common questions is this something I could taper off of you may remember Amy who I met on the ABC special she had lost 160 lb after starting a prescription of M jarro she's zooming in with an update hello hello good to see you again it's so good to see you a quick note my guests on this podcast asked us to show their before and after weight loss pictures because they believe the photos are a vital part of their life's journey it's wonderful to talk to you and you know that new study says that nearly 75% of American adults are overweight or obese so what determines obesity versus overweight just being overweight okay so in terms of that first question right now there aren't really great definitions yeah so we used to use definitions of BMI but BMI is really a screening tool it's not something that um was actually ever designed to be a d agnostic tool so technically overweight was defined as a BMI of greater than 25 and obesity as a BMI of greater than 30 and that's bass uh body index yes body mass index bmi's body mass index now we're really starting to rethink what that means what does it mean to have obesity and the indications for the medications were based on these initially and now that's also evolving and changing as well because we're really trying to understand what is obesity how does it affect our health because ultimately when we're treating obesity the point is not just weight reduction it's improving and optimizing overall health that's the goal yeah the focus has been on weight reduction but the real truth is and we're going to hear from some people today who tell you that what has happened to them in terms of their physical health their emotional health the way they see themselves the way the rest of the world sees them including their family members is the big uh bonus for this is is is is is why life changing it's absolutely life-changing and I know the term lifechanging gets thrown around a lot but this really is okay so let's talk about why is this is the thing I recognize this probably now it's almost going on two years that I realized that obesity was a disease having a discussion like this can you share with our audience with every person who's listening who has doubts who's heard I saw on Tik Tock and yeah why is obesity a disease yeah and that is such an important and critical question so as you said so many people have obesity now and two-thirds of Americans and half of the world population did not wake up one morning and decide to have obesity obesity is not a choice it is about biology so what is obesity and and why do so many people have it and why is it so difficult not just to lose weight but to maintain that weight loss and so our body is amazing it has this amazing beautiful biology and basically what it was designed to do is to make sure that we stored enough energy or enough fat because we store energy as we by storing fat I'm tracking that yeah and so it said okay how are we going to do this well there're these hormones they're stimulated when we eat food they're called nutrient stimulated nutrient stimulated hormones and they communicate with our brain how hungry are we how full are we how much energy do we have and so this beautiful biology so hormones inform the brain and this is in every person's body in every person's body every person's body and so basically it says okay this is how much energy you're storing this is how much fat you're storing and so you would think ah we have this beautiful biology wonderful then why do so many people have obesity if this is so carefully regulated well it turns out that our obesogenic environment an environment that is filled with ultra-processed food lack of sleep lack of physical activity all this stress on a population level that obesogenic environment that developed so much more quickly than the biology it basically pushes up how much energy or how much fat our body wants to store so our body ends up defending a higher amount of fat the defended fat mass or the set point these are terms that you may have heard but that's exactly what our body's doing so our body's doing what it needs to be doing what it should be doing but a little bit too much in this environment so why does it do it for some people and not for others yeah and that's a really great question and one that we're trying to sort out and figure out what we do know is that for most people maybe you know over centuries and Millennia we evolved in this way where basically you wanted to make sure that you didn't starve right so you wanted to store enough energy so that if there was a famine you would not starve but if you think about this this is actually very very tightly regulated so we all eat incredibly we all eat a lot more than what we actually need so our body actually figured out how to burn extra but after a while with this obesogenic environment it actually says no store it maybe I need it for later right so when we try and lose it our body fights back and it says no no no no no okay but that's that's in some bodies and not in others that's true and so is that because in my body because I obviously have uh an issue with obesity in in my body and people who are prone to be overweight as I have been um is is that because my hormones are different than the other person they may be or your brain it's the because it obesity is a neurom metabolic disease so or neuroendocrine hormones inform the brain so maybe in your body your body is like I'm really good at holding on to that energy I'm really good at holding on to some extra fat just in case I need it later and somebody else's body says no I don't need that but for most people to you know where we started the conversation for most people we want to store more we want to store extra and that is where our body is happy and that is what our body defends and it's because of the environment we live in and that tells us two things one is we have to change the obesogenic environment we have to because if we don't we're not going to what do you mean by obesogenic environment an obesogenic environment so one that that is filled with ultr processed food uh lots of stress lack of sleep lack of physical activity all these things are built into our environment right now but but when I'm listen I've done every diet as we're going to talk to people today who have also done every diet and even when I'm not when I'm not quote dieting I considered myself eating healthy meals and yes you know I'm not a person who you know goes to fast food restaurants or you know I do eat a lot of potato chips but uh I'm not that's what your brain craves your brain is craving that craves those potato chips it craves a chip or something that's crunchy or salty that's right and it's my go-to if there is any discomfort in my life whatsoever a bad phone call I have to do all of my builds it helps with your stress yeah yeah absolutely I don't know why a pretzel calms me down but it does but it does and and here's the thing so those Pathways is that my hormones it's your hormones and your brain and my brain and your brain so for example for you it's maybe it's potato chips when you consume those Foods when you eat those foods that signals to your brain something positive so these hormones they don't they communicate with all sorts of areas of our brain including reward motivation areas of the brain so we find these Foods highly rewarding our brain does and the thing is again we were designed to function this way because let's say that we some people find them rewarding I know other people potato chips don't turn them on exact it's something and and that is actually why I started doing the research that I do because I thought to myself well why is it that some people crave potato chips and other people want the cheesecake um or the Crispy Cream or crispy creams so so why is that and and and the answer is right now we don't know um but initially I was doing these brain studies to really try and understand what that was about and what reward region of the brain were actually responding if let's say you saw a picture of a potato chip how would your brain respond differently than somebody else's and again that has to do with I see a bag of Ruffles or I see a Ruffles commercial I am listen I've gotten up and left my house to go get a bag of Ruffles and that's and this is the thing and we you know maybe we'll talk about food noise but that's what it is if there is a bowl of brownies on the table I would not be able to focus on you I'd be like I want the ice cream and the brownies yeah and and the thing is is it's but that wouldn't affect me a brownie wouldn't you right but the potato chips then that's what I would not if there were potato chips here it would it would be a battle for not to not have one yeah and I know that if I had one yes because I have an addict's brain I would not be able to you would eat all the yeah when lay did that you nobody can eat just one I think they knew what they were doing they knew they knew what they were doing they they had called you but to your point about the fact that you're eating very healthfully and you have for a majority of your life um again the amount that we eat and again our body crav a larger amount of food the amount that we eat is a lot more than what we actually need so our body actually Burns a lot it's just that different people may hold on to less of that food than others so you know one of the the the big breakthrough for me a couple of years ago when I was doing having this discussion the state of weight on oily the big breakthrough for me was understanding oh the AHA for me was like oh this is like the years in the early 80s mid mid mid to late ' 80s this was like the years of the mid to late ' 80s we started the Oprah show in 1986 and I remember doing a show on alcoholism in 1987 on a whole family of Alcoholics and generations passing it on and people were outraged that you would call alcoholism a disease in 1987 like how dare you they just need to put the bottle down and they're really just drunks and so forth and over time through education through information through people looking at other people in their family through corporations understanding what it was people came to understand that it actually is an addiction born of disease yes and I think that's where we are now with obesity yeah people still don't understand it they want to blame other people for it they want to say just put your fork down and quit you know eating those brownies or those potato chips and what's wrong with you and one of the reasons why I was reluctant to use them in the beginning uh when I was trying to lose weight after my um knee surgery because I also felt it's cheating it's the easy way out I've got to prove this one last time I could do it by myself and I don't want people saying I took the easy way out and I think that that's one of the major issues that people who are now open to using the drugs are experiencing from their their their their friends their colleagues their families and also within themselves is it the easy way out yeah I mean I couldn't agree with you more and your story is one first of all I'm so sorry that you went through all this and in such a public way oh my goodness when I think about it I just you're so strong and to have that so publicly and you just I thank you for that yeah cuz now that I look back on it I I've said this on on other occasions that I was publicly humiliated for 25 years every week exploited by the tabloids every time any comedian wanted to make fun or make a joke about it they could make a joke about it and I accepted it because I thought I deserved it I accepted it I was shamed by it and I received it because I thought well they're right right and they were wrong and they were wrong now I know they were so now I know why they were wrong when you're living it it is so hard of course you blame yourself so hard it's so and any person who's watching or listening to us right now who has suffered from obesity or being overweight you know exactly what I'm talking about you do not have to be on television every day to experience the same level of Shame and embarrassment and why can't I do this and I'm so good at so many other things and I can take charge of my life I can do all of this and why can't I so the outside world telling you that's right that you are less than that you should be shamed that's right uh feels like the punishment you deserve and it's it's and it's absolutely the opposite it's absolutely the opposite and none of this is in our control somehow in society we think that how much we weigh is in our control and it's not it's it's not it's in our brain is inol it's like an alcoholic finally realizing that it's not my willpower that caused me to not to be able to pick up the next drink and just like with alcohol those reward motivation Pathways those regions in the brain really respond in a certain way when someone who has alcohol use disorder is drinking alcohol in terms of obesity those are the the same brain Pathways now obesity is not an addiction um the the the the thoughts of of of food and the wanting of food that is something different and again that's food noise it's the bi it's a manifestation of the biology it's bi people who don't have obesity disease don't even know what we're talking about you don't know even know we're talking about because one of the things that I realized the very first time I took a gp1 was that all these years I thought that thin people those people were just had more willpower they ate Foods they were able to stick to it longer they never had a potato chip and then I realized the very first time I took the gp1 that oh they're not even thinking about it that's right they're only eating when they're hungry and they're stopping when they're full that's right there was a there was a guy named Bob Schwarz who had a diet called diets don't work and the whole principle was to eat when you're hungry stop when you're full did multiple seminars three times with him on that and the principal is great mhm except if you have obesity it doesn't work that's right that's absolutely right and and to get to your question of well is this the easy way out is taking medications the easy way out it's not think about it think about when we treat someone who has let's say high blood pressure yes and they come to see us and lots of Americans Americans have high blood pressure black people have high blood pressure ex exactly so we say Okay low salt diet is very helpful and here are some medications that can treat the disease biology yes and we need to do the same for obesity we need to say yes healthy diet and exercise are critical and they're very important for optimizing health and to treat the biology the biology of obesity here's a medicine or medicines or surgery or what have you that will help actually treat that biology we do the same thing for diabetes my mother was a diabetic she was an insulin shooting diabetic for most of her life and she would be told to stay off of sweets and every now and then because people in the South just uh a lot of people in the South not generalizing but a lot of people that come from my family in the South think that having a little bit of coconut cake is okay or cuz they they used to call it sugar diabetes yes sugar I have a touch of sugar have a touch of sugar and they call it a touch of sugar and never realized how uh how really definitively yes bad it is for you to have a little bit of sugar when you have diabetes until you end up going blind or end up having to have you know your leg amputated and all the things that happen exactly and so diabetes is another perfect example we say we recommend a low glycemic index diet so less sugar less sugar and here are the medicines and for your mom if it was insulin right and here are the medicines so we pair them together to to help that person's health whether it's to help prevent all those Downstream uh complications that can develop or whether it's to treat that disease in and of itself so if you have high blood pressure which a lot of people do you are recommended not to have salt and here's a blood pressure medication DASH diet and here's a medicine and everybody's out there taking their blood pressure medications and not once do they think boy this is the easy way out that's right that's exactly right and and with obesity for whatever reason we have this different perspective and we need to change that because we don't understand we don't understand why do you believe it's so important to tell your patients that obesity is a disease it's critical it's absolutely critical and when I approach this so when I see a patient the first thing I do is one I set the stage and I say this is a no judgment Zone yeah and the first thing I asked them after that is tell me about your weight Journey tell me about your struggles tell me just tell me tell me and then I listen and as I listen to them lot of Tears for that a lot of I mean they cry I cry it's and the thing is is there's something that happens in that moment where people begin that journey of understanding that it's not their fault and it's not something that they chose and we're here to help them to treat that biology because why why would you choose it and why wouldn't you change it if you could that's right that's absolutely right you why would you change it if you could can have the the you know the healthy foods and still our body is so smart it's so smart that it's like no I some people your body is going to hold on to the fat yeah and you're just built that way you're just built that way and if you if you you know begin the discussion of this is really about biology and that your body's smart and that the hormones are communicating with your brain and all these organs and your body and your body is doing exactly what it was meant to do exactly what it was meant to do and then again patients start to start to let go and there's something magical that happens in that moment because they become curious curious about the disease of obesity and open to treatment that's right cuz you're no longer blaming yourself that's right you're no longer blaming yourself okay can you explain why these glp medications have been a game Cher for so many people so as we talked about hormones nutrient stimulated hormones they communicate with our brain to let our brain know how much energy to store how much fat to store the medicines they target the same receptors as these nutrient stimulated hormones in your brain in your brain and those receptors are all over the brain including reward motivation regions of the brain people are thinking it's targeting your stomach because I know some people take their shots shots in the stomach it's not targeting your stom no obesity is a neurom metabolic or a neuroendocrine disease it's literally a disease yes and so what happens in obesity is that there's something that is disregulated or broken in terms of the set point in terms of how much energy we want to store and the medicines what we think that they do is that they re-regulate that set point they decrease that set point so as you start taking a medicine during that first phase when you're losing weight what happens is your body is trying to chase a lower defendant fat Mass a lower set point and so that's why people eat less in that first phase then once they Plateau once their weight plateaus out um then some of the hunger and cravings and things can return but the weight does not and we have to reassure our patience that that's exactly what's supposed to happen because once you get to a new weight Plateau you're not chasing a new defended fat Mass so the medicines lower or reset the defended fat mass or the set point and then basically they reregulate it to a new place so as you increase the dose so let's say you start out your 200 lb and then you start taking the medications Y and you start to lose weight and when you say it's chasing another set point it it means what specifically what give me an example of what that number might be so let and it's different for every person this is a really because there's more than one type of obesity there's many different types of obesities we just haven't defined them yet but let's say so somebody starts at 200 lb and let's say they start one of these medicines maybe with the first or the second dose that set point goes down to um let's see let's say 180 lbs right and then they keep on taking the medicine and after some time their doctor increases the dose and then their set point decreases let's say to 170 lbs so with every dose escalation you're chasing a new lower reset defended fat mass or set point okay so many of you might remember remember Amy from the ABC special I did back in the spring feels like years ago now shame blame and the weight loss Revolution what what happened after you went on majo immediately almost within days that voice that I've had in my head since I always say my earliest memor is 5 years old I remember thinking about food when I'm going to eat food how much I'm going to eat food where I'm going to what I just ate how many calories was it and all of a sudden I took this medication and and it felt like I was free like I literally felt like I'd been trapped and it felt like I don't have to think about this all the time anymore and Amy is zooming in from neille Illinois Amy hello hello good to see you again it's so good to see you uh I remember you telling us where highest weight was around 300 lb and you found out that you had diabetes and your A1C number were dangerously off the chart and then you went on monjaro in March of 2023 I recall right and you lost 160 lbs in one year what has happened since we last spoke so much has happened um the one thing that's remained the same is that I've now maintained the weight loss for about a year now um and in that period of time that is in itself is huge right it's wonderful that's wonderful yeah I mean that I always say that it wasn't about losing weight for me I knew how to lose weight it was how to maintain the weight loss so for me now um having maintained for a year is is pretty great uh and I'm pretty proud of myself for that um and during that time I have sort of established this sort of community of people on social media who are kind of feeling the same as you and I where it's all about uh you know I am so tired of feeling bad about my weight and I'm so tired of being shamed for my weight and and it's not my fault and and I'm not alone in this yes and I'm ashame and I'm tired of people shaming me for being on a zic or being another gp1 medication so it's been kind of a whirlwind uh since we last chatted and I I hear you're getting messages hundreds of messages every week from people online what is the number one question that people are asking you or comments that are coming to you people want this time to be different like I said before I knew how to lose weight I didn't know how to sustain it because often when I was losing weight I would feel that I was starving myself I wasn't giving myself the right nutrients I wasn't allowing myself to have a piece of my daughter's birthday cake at her party because if I ate carbohydrates I was going to gain weight and so this time around people want to know how to do it differently so they might be on a gp1 medication or maybe they're not yet or they're thinking about it but they want to know how can I heal my relationship with food how can I heal my relationship with my body it goes so beyond the exercise regimen and the diet changes but how can I really heal that part that well I just want to applaud you because you took what was one of your greatest pains and shames and have now turned it into a powerful movement for yourself and to help other people what are the B biggest misconceptions that people are sharing with you about the glp1 weight loss drugs what are they saying oh my gosh it's all day long unfortunately um on social media platforms people uh continue to say you're lazy if you're on a gp1 medication you're lacking motivation you should just be able to go to the gym it's only for diabetes you shouldn't take it if it's for weight loss um people don't even know that there's a drug that's been created specifically for weight loss and so absolutely a couple of years ago people were saying oh you're taking drugs away from the diabetics that is no longer true because there is a specific drug for diab diabetics and the specific drugs for people who are trying to lose weight and what else are what else are they saying to you uh the you know I I think people just assume that glp1 medications often they'll just phrase it as well all it does is make you starve yourself that's all it does there's not more to it and when you get off the medication you're going to gain all the weight right back and uh I mean so much shaming around these meds to the point of uh your face looks a certain way if you're on these medications or your bodys a certained way OIC face and OIC butt yeah what exactly I'm told I have OIC face and OIC butt and in reality it's just blue skin from significant weight loss uh it has nothing to do with the medication but uh you know medications like OIC and Manjaro are in my opinion a perfect sort of scapegoat for the continuation of shaming people in larger bodies yeah I I I mean I can't agree more it's it's you literally can't win you you cannot not win you're ashamed if you have obesity you're ashamed if you don't have if you if you don't try and lose weight you're ashamed if you lose weight you're ashamed if you use the medicines if you don't use the medicines there's literally no winning so you know I wholeheartedly agree you are sharing your story so vulnerably and bravely online and you're fighting for what's right and what's right is to stop shaming and blaming people just let people do what they do you're taking care of your health yeah and people ask me all the time how I how I kind of deal with a lot of the negativity that comes my way and to me I mean so many people when I talk about food noise or when I talk about obesity being a disease they're like I thought I was the only person that had these thoughts up here and that that out outweighs the no pun intended that outweighs the the the other stuff the negativity that you know comes my way well you know what else I realized too Amy and Dr Anya is that the people who are shaming uh often times have never experienced the food noise themselves they don't even know what you're talking about when you're saying food noise and so I that it brings us to the point of uh I interviewed Mel Robbins recently who has a great book out call let them you just have to let them say what they say do what they do and let yourself understand the power of what you're doing by creating community and building connection with people who experienced some of the same things and are looking to improve their health I'm so happy to know first of all you were telling me that uh back in March when we talked that you were still trying to adjust to buying the right size for yourself because you were still thinking that you needed to get larger sizes has that eased itself it's definitely gotten better you know even though I've now been on this medication for about two years now I've been on this weight loss Journey so to speak for about two years I have to remind myself that this was decades I mean since I was a little girl of thinking one way about my body and about food and so lots of progress has been made but there's still times where I look at I'm folding laundry and I look at a pair of pants and I'm like whose pants are these there's no way these are these these still fit your these fit your body um but I'm coming to terms with it I challenge myself I take pictures of myself now um I had no pictures of myself with my children from when they were little I take pictures that kind of thing challenges some of that thinking but I think it's going to still take more time yeah uh yeah on another conversation Dr Anya and I were talking to a woman who said she's kept herself out of every picture yeah in her entire life with her family wearing dark colors weing dark colors or standing behind other people or standing to the side or trying to avoid the picture we're glad you're putting yourself in the picture now thank you so much thanks Amy good to see you again you too keep up the great work you're doing where do we find you online what is your uh on Tic Tac and Instagram it's Amy in half okay great great keep it up thank you thank you next Amina is a mom of two young children zooming in from Lee Summit Missouri hi Amina how are you hi ala how are you thanks so much for having me today well thank you I heard that the ABC special that we did um the same one that Amy was on inspired Ed you to make a change in your life so tell us what happened you were watching the special and you saw Amy you heard her story yes I I was watching the special and you know I had actually quietly started the medication uh in January of that year earlier that year but I you know I just didn't want to share it with anyone but hearing the personal stories that were shared about how you know gp1s were really helping people take control of their health and really just you know changing their relationship with food it really motivated me to really give it a really true shot and and hopefully you know it would work out for me too I had great hope wow and so do you have a question for us today or do you want to share something yeah yes so um you know as someone who has struggled with weight for most of my life um and emotional eating as well you know food was always an escape for me um just from deep emotional pain from anxiety you know and the journey for to my health didn't really start until after the birth of my two children and in between that um two miscarriages as well and so you know experiencing that level of physical and emotional trauma was something I was unprepared for and I knew that I needed to take control of my health and make a change and you know I started the traditional way as well Oprah in terms of diet and exercise and all of those things but I found after the birth of my son uh the weight just wouldn't drop and my health markers were not improving and so gp1s gave me you know a second chance to really take control of my health and start again and so I started in January of this year and have lost 50 pounds which uh it's been incredible you know just my energy everything that I have and the food noise stopped right the food noise and the food noise stopped the constant cravings for sugar and carbs and always thinking about the next meal all of that one away and it's something I've I've never experienced before it's been incredible what's your question what's your question today uh so um I'm wondering if it's if I will still need to stay on this medication for the rest of my life or is this something I could taper off of yeah I mean I think that's a great question it's probably one of the top questions if not the most uh commonly asked questions that my patients come to me with right now you know what we do know is that obes is a chronic disease it's a chronic disease so let's say that you had high blood pressure and you started taking a blood pressure medicine what would happen if you were to stop taking that blood pressure medicine your blood pressure would go back up same thing with diabetes if you were taking insulin if you stopped taking the insulin your blood sugars would go back up and what we're seeing in in not just in clinic but also in Trials um we just conducted a trial it was 3 years uh with one one of the medications is that the weight was completely maintained while people were taking the medicine and then when the medicine was stopped people started gaining back the weight now what I can say is we see the same thing in clinic um so that is the case with most of my patients what I usually do when patients say well I really like to see what happens when I stop is I decrease the dose I go down on the dose by just a little bit by one step and then I say come back and see me in 2 three months and they come back and see me and we see how they're doing if they're maintaining their weight and the food noise isn't back and they're not struggling then great we stay on that dose but if their weight is starting to Trend up or if that food noise is coming back and they're having a really hard time um then we go back up on the dose and I do think that just as there's differences in how much weight people lose we will see differences in terms of how much people gain back so we'll see variability in that weight regain but right now for Mo most patients on average what we see and in the studies we've seen this as well most people yes you have to continue taking the medicine because it's targeting your biology it's targeting your your obesity biology I think it's such a crucial thing and I actually this I've heard you say this before but this is I just had an aha moment and my aha is we think because you've lost the weight you've solved the problem because in the past every time you went on a diet once you lost the weight you thought now this is it I've done it I've succeeded and we think and I'm sure you're you're feeling the I'm saying we assuming that you feel the same way that I've to wait now the problem is solved but the problem isn't solved because the disease hasn't gone away that's right just because you lost the weight that's right the disease is still there so it's just like in alcoholism I just had this now it's absolutely it's like in alcoholism uh you cannot go back to drinking because your brain we just just just because you've gotten sober that's right doesn't mean you can now have a drink we can't go back otherwise you gain the weight that's right that's absolutely right and that is why when we these medicines I just had that aha it's a beautiful aha it's it's and it's such an important one because again these are not the AA too did you get it Amina absolutely absolutely and this is why this is actually critical when we think about the words we use these are not weight loss drugs they are medicines that treat obesity they treat the disease processes in the brain that's another way to look at it cuz if you look at it as a weight loss drug now you've lost the weight so now I'm finished but the disease doesn't go away and that is why I think so many patients ask us that for that exact reason they're like well I lost the weight aren't I am I I'm cured I'm cured but it's the same way with diabetes hypertension just because your blood pressure decreases or your blood sugars decrease doesn't mean you no longer have high blood pressure yes that's right that's absolutely right oh my god oh good I'm so glad we had an aha this is so important well that's that's also the reason why I meina asked that question and everybody I've had that question everybody has that question do I have to stay on it cuz now I've lost the weight the weight disease is not gone isn't the issue that's right you think the weight the weight is the symptom of the it is the symptom just like the blood the high blood sugars are the symptom of diabetes and the high blood pressure is high blood pressure is it is hypertension so the the the analogy is perfect with diabetes especially especially thank you for asking that and causing me to have multiple ahas here today thank you Amina thank you thank you so much yeah thanks Amina let's talk about all the different you know every every it seems like every couple weeks or so there is another disclosure about what these obesity medications have revealed in terms of helping people drink less alcohol and uh not not obviously lowering blood sugar but what are all the other health benefits that we are discovering yeah I mean there are studies coming about out about heart disease about heart failure about improving knee pain obstructive sleep apnea and all of these are obesity related diseases I even heard Alzheimer's well and that is also being looked at what are the effects in the brain in terms of again improving that and we'll have to see that those studies haven't yet been um you know been conducted out out as far as these other ones so the heart disease the the what is it about it that makes you not want to drink as much alcohol I mean I used to be the tequila Queen and now it's like take it or leave it yeah so so that those studies are being done we think that again it's similar Pathways in the brain that are being targeted so just as your craving or your hunger may come down as you're taking these medications in the same way you're craving for other things other things that may be pleasurable goes down now that doesn't mean that makes you unhappy you can just take it or leave it Emma is a dental hygienist and a mother of two zooming in from Winder is it Winder W Georgia hi Emma hi OA thank you so much for allowing me to be a part of the conversation I have been on Zep Bound for the past 10 months and I'm down 66 pounds wow yeah physically I feel absolutely amazing um but what this medication has done for me mentally and given me self-confidence giving me self-worth and giving me the ability to love myself again um you know in the past I have tried exercise I have tried diets uh I constant recently had fatigue inflammation and I just didn't feel good after having my first daughter uh those things continued and I went to multiple doctors seeking answers because I just didn't feel good and each time I would leave and I really didn't feel like I had an answer um this past December I went for my regular doctor's appointment and sat down with a nurse practitioner and told her all of these things and she said you know Emma I think if we can get some of this weight off of you you would start to feel better and like you said it was an aha moment for me because I feel like it was the answer to so many prayers that I had had that I was not crazy and that I really did have something wrong and she listened and so you know from the outside I had everything going for me I had a beautiful family two healthy children a dream job that I loved but I was drowning on the inside because I didn't love myself and so within one week of taking this medicine I could see that the inflammation was going away I started feeling better I started having more energy and I knew I needed to share my story because I knew that there were other people that had the same symptoms and so I started showing up every single day for the past 10 months on social media just sharing my story and hopes that I could help to encourage and Inspire somebody else that may have been having those same symptoms all right y'all it's my I'm on a journey for a healthier happier me thanks to Zep bound and I have hit an all time PL today on the scale so that's something to celebrate and so when you got I'm sure you got push back or people saying negative things on social media how have you managed that for yourself you know I that at first that bothered me but along this journey gaining that self-confidence gaining that self-worth and realizing that it doesn't matter what the other people think because this is for me and I'm doing this for me and I feel better so then I can have a longer life so my children can love their mother and you know I've dropped the opinions of what other people think because this is for me and for my help because we only have one life to live absolutely what what what do you want to ask Dr Anna here today what I would love to ask is that you know with you saying that this might be a medicine that we have to be on long term and if that's what I have to do totally fine with that because if I had diabetes I would take the medicine to survive do we know what the long-term effects would be from taking these medications so that's a great question and another very common question that we we get from our patients um and first you know I'll start off by saying that as you've identified there are risks to having obesity in a of itself right um and when we treat patients for any disease we say okay what are the benefits of treatment what are the risks of treatment what are the the the benefits of not treating or treating right we we really look at all that very very carefully um and right now all the data is pointing to the fact that these are very beneficial but that doesn't mean that we don't have to do our due diligence be very careful and monitor everything long term because millions of people are taking these medicines and millions more will take them having said that glp1 receptor Agonist have been used for the treatment of diabetes for 20 years now all of these medications also for we're just now hearing about it but some people have been using them we have been using them for 20 years yes the first one was FDA approved in 2005 so it was nearly 20 years ago that these medications were were first um FDA I know 20 years so the earlier ones were a little bit different um than the newer ones and they were shorter acting and they had to be taken more more you know daily rather than weekly so there are differences there but the the point is is that we do have data all the trials that's why that's why we do all the trials that's why I do all the trials right to make sure that the FDA has the information that it needs not only to know that these medicines are effective but to know that they are safe and well tolerated and if there's a signal that they're not then the FDA says no we're not moving forward um so what we have to do is keep on doing the studies we need to gather real world data what health impacts are these these medicines having on those diseases I know the question that Amina asked before about whether you have to be on the medication forever uh did you hear the answer when I had my big aha moment there Emma yeah yeah yeah yeah that it's it's like I I've always thought that you solve the problem once you lose the weight but then when you regain the weight again it's like the problem came back but when you have the hormone that allows for the Obesity to be prevalent in your life then it's never going to go away it's never going to go away it's like once you have diabetes you always have diabetes it can be treated or controlled diabetes same thing with obesity once you have obesity you always have obesity is it treated and controlled that's the question and so when we're when we've lost the weight or in the process of losing the weight that's when you're controlling it you're controlling it but it doesn't mean the problem is solved that's right that's right and and the important thing which is another way to look at it isn't that a aha moment yeah it's such an aha moment and you know what if I have to take these forever I'm okay with that because you know what it's fighting the disease of obesity and I'm getting my life back and I get to live so getting your life back and I'm I'm wondering whether or not once you reach the set point once Emma gets to the go gets to her goal are you a goal weight yet not quite yet I'd like to do about 30 more pounds but it's kind of like what she would saying I feel like I've kind of hit that Plateau um I still have the effects of no food noise and but I feel like my weight is not maybe going down as much I do feel the inches may be changing but I'm just sticking the course sticking with the process because I know it's working because I can I can feel it yeah it's just I'm not losing it as fast as I was and that's the way it works for everybody right and it takes time so the more highly effective a medication is it we're we're seeing it may take longer to see the effects that's why the trials are getting longer MH will you reach a point where when you've reached the goal weight that you may be able to lower the dosage to maintain and and that is the question you know that we were starting to answer and the last thing is for some patients maybe but right now we don't know how to determine that a you know ahead of time a priority so basically that's why when patients if they ask me to go off or they some patients asked to go down on the dose we try that but then bring them in quickly because the hard part is if you start gaining back weight that is so you know people think again it's my fault and it's not their fault it's not their fault if you de biology it's biology if you decrease your um blood pressure medicine what's going to happen your blood same thing with your blood sugars for diabetes it's no different with obesity isn't that just powerful to know for yourself totally and it is not my fault not your fault yeah it it it it it helps getting your life back feel like Redemption doesn't it completely and you know I'm glad I'm I'm 37 I wish I would have found it sooner oh girl please you have got so much life left in you so that's so wonderful that you you've discovered it now at the right time for you thank you so much Emma thank you thank you so much I love the beautiful photograph of you and your daughters that's gorgeous babies babies thank you Dr Ana so can you set the record straight on side effects because I've heard everything from vomiting to throwing up to diarrhea yeah that's a great question and and side effects do occur right with any medicine for any disease is there any medicine for any disease that doesn't have side effects and and also heard hair loss is is is hair loss from these medications a real thing well it depends how much weight someone loses and how quickly because losing weight is a stress it's a stress on our body right so we've actually seen the hair loss with things like bariatric surgery and now with people who lose a a large amount of weight in a short period of time we're also seeing those types of effects that we saw with bariatric surgery but let's focus in on the most common side effects as you were asking about so the most common side effects are gastrointestinal so they are um things like feeling nauseated um having um diarrhea constipation and for some people vomiting but there are ways that we can really um combat those side effects and again they don't happen in everybody so number one what Physicians or providers can do is invite their patients to share the side effects with their provider and make sure that the provider says look I'm not going to stop the medicine let's work through these together the main thing that a healthcare provider can do when they're prescribing these medications to help avoid or mitigate those side effects is start low and go slow always start with the lowest dose and then you do not have to go up once a month you do not have to go up once a month you go up as is right for that patient so if a patient is having nausea I do not go up on the dose I let them stay on the dose let their body get used to the medicine yeah if somebody if you if you go to someone and they immediately put you on a a high dose you're going to the wrong healthc care provider because that should not happen absolutely absolutely then you know look around see if there's another healthare provider um that somebody who really knows how to how to treat obesity and understands that it's a disease that this is not about weight loss this is about weight reduction and optimizing health and knows to pair them with the diet the correct nutrition the exercise someone who really knows okay so uh for most people this is this is a medication to treat OB obesity and to understand that once you lose the weight it doesn't mean that the problem is solved that's correct that is that's the big aha for me today and that that's a very good aha to have and take away thank you Dr Ana it's always a joy to talk to you thank you so much for being here we value your expertise on this topic it must feel rewarding for you that this moment has finally come and that these medications are being made available to so many people because you get to see it in your own patients yeah absolutely I I mean I always say people ask me well how did you know that you wanted to do that the first time that I helped a patient lose uh a meaningful amount of weight for that person I was like I'm never doing anything ever again this is it and I'm so grateful that I get to do this and I'm so grateful that patients trust me they trust me to care for them and I again I I couldn't imagine I couldn't imagine doing well well I I can see how rewarding it is because you have people saying I got my life back yeah I got my life back absolutely and and again it's you know there's there's good and bad things about everything everything in life these medicines are right now what we're seeing they're helping people transform their lives in so many ways in terms of their health in terms of their overall life they're just really incredible in terms of helping people well I want to thank you uh Amy thank you Amina thank you Emma thank you for all of our guests sharing your stories go well everybody thank you for making time to be with me today I really hope that you join me for part two of this conversation as we continue to see how these new medications result in dramatic loss of weight almost the equivalent of an entire person you've lost 165 lb wow congratulations so what happens in the aftermath of that the doctor said to me um when are you going to stop blaming yourself and let somebody help you when you lose up to 100 lb or more do people treat you differently everyone was so much friendlier to me how does that impact how you see yourself in the world and even within your own family to be honest I feel like she kind of takes it for granted a little bit like she forgets where she's come from that's my next conversation with Dr Ana and new guests who have a lot to say about their experiences so we'll talk to you then and thank you so much for being here you can subscribe to the over podcast on YouTube and follow us on Spotify Apple podcast or wherever you listen I'll see you next next week thanks everybody

- Oprah and Obesity Doctors on the New Way to Lose Weight | The State of Weight | Oprah Daily: Kind: captions Language: en [Applause] hi everybody so great to be with you in New York welcome to all the oer daily insiders thank you for watching and so listen this is a conversation i' so excited to have because I know you all have been seeing the headlines and it's blowing up your social media feeds the new weight loss drugs everybody's talking about OIC wovi Manjaro will they change the game on the health battle hundreds of millions are fighting every day more than two billion adults two billion adults that's one quarter of the world's population are overweight or obese and it's estimated that by 2035 that number is going to reach more than half the world today in most countries y'all obesity I didn't know this until preparing for the show obesity kills more people than malnutrition that was a W for me too so you all know I've been on this journey for most of my life my highest weight was 237 lbs I don't know if there is another public person whose weight struggle has been exploited as much as mine over the years so I am ready for this conversation with me our top experts and this audience has some interesting questions and opinions and I know many of you watching have on your mind as well so questions like is being overweight a lack of will power or is obesity a medically treatable disease are these new drugs a miracle cure a silver bullet for weight loss can anybody take them are they safe that's what we all want to know so want to introduce our panel Dr Fatima Cody Stanford she goes by Dr Fatima is an associate professor of medicine and pediatrics at Harvard Medical School and an obesity medicine physician scientist at the Massachusetts General Hospital weight Center Dr Rachel Goldman who goes by Dr Rachel is a licensed psychologist in private practice and clinical assistant professor in the department of Psychiatry at the NYU Grossman School of Medicine Dr Melanie Jay is a primary care doctor board certified in obesity medicine and the director of the NYU langone comprehensive program on Obesity she also works with veterans at the New York Harbor Veterans Affairs and SEMA sistani is the Chief Executive Officer of Weight Watchers I've been an investor and on the board of Weight Watchers since 2015 I invited Sima today because I know many people want to know where Weight Watchers stands on this issue we're going to get to that so so happy to have you all here so happy to be here okay let's start with this 10 years ago the uh American Medical Association declared obesity a chronic disease now a lot of us miss that but many people can't wrap their brain around what that really means so Dr Fatima I read that you played a central role in that designation a decade ago can you define for us what it means that obesity is a disease absolutely why do we call obesity a disease we call a disease because there is malfunction in how the body is operating and there's two primary Pathways of the brain that actually regulate weight one pathway is our anorogenic pathway when we hear anorogenic what do we hear we have less food intake and less food storage now we have a different pathway of the brain and when patients have overweight and obesity they're typically upregulating the orogenic pathway of the brain oogenic is the opposite of anorogenic that pathway supports storage of atopos atopos is a fancy word for fat now I just threw out a lot of vocabulary there yeah but that tells us that there is dysfunction in how the body is regulating weight and it's going on in our brains and it's influenced by the world around us our genetics development environment behavior all play a role in our body's dysfunction or disregulation of our adapost that organ that is fat so what I'm hearing is that it's a brain thing yes and this is a question uh I remember many years ago on the oah show I don't know decades ago now when I was first having this conversation trying to explain to the public why alcoholism was a disease and many people did not believe that alcoholism was a disease they just thought people over drink and that why don't you just put the bottle down so how is this somehow relatable to that because is every is every alcoh every person that over drinks is not an alcoholic every person that overeats is not necessarily uh uh have have obesity as as a disease can you explain that why for some they're just Overeaters and some is a disease because of the brain thing right absolutely well it's about how much we take in and how much we store so we all have those friends my husband is here in the audience he's this friend of mine who can eat whatever he wants and he doesn't really store that and you're like how is that even possible uhhuh and then we have those people that look at pizza and they're like my gosh I just looked at it and I feel like I stored it yeah where are your husband um husband is in the back corner over there yeah husband has a name thank youy Cory oh thank you Cory can eat apple pie at 11:00 at night and he's able to do this body defends a very lean set point he's able to eat what he wants and his body just defends that lean set point if I were to do the exact same behaviors I would store more excess atopos my body is more predisposed to storing more fat damn sure mine is is that the word I've been looking for adapost yes I'm a adapost Storer okay all right all right so that is a that is a scientific fact that some people's bodies operate differently than others we can accept that right we can see that and for those of us who are at aost stores no matter how many times because you all have watched me diet and diet and diet and diet it it's a recurring thing because my body always seems to want to go back to a certain weight absolutely and that's that idea of weight set point okay there's so that is real that is completely real the brain knows where it wants to be and it's going to do whatever it can to bring you back to that so that's why you always go back and it's nothing you did wrong it's just the brain is super powerful yeah it is yeah so Dr J you say one way to think about obesity is similar to cancer that it has different causes and it's different for every person absolutely thank you Oprah thank you for hosting such an amazing conversation about such an important topic good you know of course obesity is different than cancer in many ways and what we talk about a lot in terms of what influences whether or not someone's develops obesity with not just their genes but we talk about social determinance of health so that's what kinds of foods are you exposed to in your environments what kind of opportunities do you have for exercise what kind of stress trauma are you under a lot of my patients you know develop obesity after they you know suffer from personal trauma as doctors we give patients medications that cause weight gain and for some people that leads to increase risk of obesity so there are a lot of analogies between Cancer and other chronic diseases and obesity but there's not just one cause it's not just that people are eating too much and not exercising enough okay the most I've gotten so far you I'm tracking I think are we tracking is that there's something in some people's brains that works differently than other people's brains your husband's brain is different than yours and we've seen those people who can eat anything they want and seemingly not gain weight and then we're the utop POS holders here adapost adapost yes how do you spell it a d i p o s e okay so we we the adapost holders know that if we looked at that Apple if I ate an apple pie at 11:00 at night I would be 2 lbs heavier in the morning there's just I I mean I can't eat eat after a certain time yes so when it comes to the National conversation around obesity what are we getting wrong I know you were consultant for that movie The Whale which I thought was so profound thank you thank you and thank you so much for being here and once again this conversation is such an important one and actually in answering that question I want to add what we're getting right right like we're we're having this conversation and this is huge and the whale similarly you know it's it's a step in the right direction and what we need to continue doing is having these conversations about the fact that obesity is a disease because one of the things that we're getting wrong is this idea that it is calories in calories out and like Dr Fatima just said it's not that for everyone it's that for for some people but it's not for others and people that really struggle with their weight with their health and with obesity it's not that it's not about moving more and you know eating less and that is what we have to change we have to change that conversation as we're doing here we have to educate more people and raise more awareness about this you know I know that we're going to get push back from a lot of people saying oh now it's a disease overa now you're saying it's a disease how do we make this conversation uh accessible to PE for people to understand that it really is and that it's not now just a cup out yeah so I think it starts with Shifting the language that we use right so one of the things is you know using people first language for instance you know it's a person with obesity same as we would say with cancer right it's a person with cancer and this is going to start familiarizing people with a person with obesity exactly or a person struggles with obesity so really putting the person first you know we don't want to Define an individual by their medical condition right we don't want to just label somebody because of their medical condition but the problem with that is it's difficult with obesity I'm I'm admitting it you know I'm an expert in this field but it's difficult because obesity is one of the diseases maybe the only one that we look at somebody and we might know we we don't know if they have obesity but obesity has to do with you know our health but by looking at somebody we see their physical appearance right so so this and not that everybody in larger body has obesity so that's complicated to also wrap our heads around but it's it's difficult because of that right but it's hard I mean I even have to remind myself sometimes to use that language and to kind of shift that but I think that's a really good place to start is to change the way that we're thinking about this well how do you know when you have when it actually is a disease for you versus it's not your willpower because I'm going to get to you because one of the things that Weight Watchers has been saying all these years is that you know you just take the blue point and the green points and the red point and that you know and and as we know as a member of the board the blue points and the green points and all those points if you are not meticulous with the points you end up putting the weight back on so now where is Weight Watchers in this conversation well I'll start by saying you know I joined a CEO last year but my um my history with Weight Watchers began in 2013 as a member I gained 60 pounds after having my first child and even though I know how to live healthy habits my mom who's here is has her PhD in food science she's a registered dietitian so I know how to live healthy habits and I struggled and Weight Watchers helped me because I'm not an out of post carrier right and so what we introduced this we introduced this category almost 60 years ago but unknowingly we introduce the shame also for people who diet and exercise alone was not enough and Dr Maya Angelou said do the best you you can until you know better and when you know better do better we know better now so we need to be the first to approach this with authenticity and say weight is a spectrum and Weight Watchers as the the doctor number one doctor recommended program it worked for some like me but not all and for those people we don't want them to internalize that as a moral failing obesity is not a moral failing it's a chronic relapsing condition so now Weight Watchers purchased a company that helps people figure out what works for them that's right that's right because it's a spectrum and so what people need help with is understanding if they're one of those people living in a larger body who has been struggling with the genetic biological environment Al underpinnings of obesity and and so we're now able to do that we're able to provide a broader solution set and and and that's important to address the stigma because as you mentioned with alcoholism heart health is a great example right if you are suffering from high cholesterol or hypertension you still have to have lifestyle intervention right you should quit smoking you should eat better you should move more but for some you need a Statin medication right you need an Ace inhibitor that doesn't mean you don't also do lifestyle intervention but it's an and and so we want to be clear about that and be the first to say where we got it wrong and where we can do better so that the people who need access to need need to go out and ask for help especially when they've been stigmatized even by doctors in cases blamed and shamed that they can they can look to Solutions and we want to be part of that solution and also the question that's in the Forefront of my mind is how do you know if it is a disease for you or if you're just an overeater yeah so like SEMA was talking about you know that for some people they really struggle right and and I think the first place to begin is that if you are somebody that has tried on your own making those lifestyle changes and are really struggling to lose that additional weight to get in the healthy you know just to feel healthy then that could be a sign that it's time to seek additional help right and what I mean by that is get you know go for a consult see your medical provider see a healthare professional and ask be curious you know I heard about this this you know I've tried this it's not working I'm still struggling you know what do you think um and I think that's the first step that you know but it's as SEMA said it's important that you make those changes too right to be healthy overall we want to think about health physical and emotional health you know we need to be moving our bodies more we need to be consuming nutritious food anyways so I think you know if you're already doing that and you're struggling You Don't See you know that the number change although it's not all about the number we know but you don't see that and you don't feel good in your clothes or if you've tried and failed anded or that y yoing y I've yoyo my whole exactly then that can be a sign that maybe you are somebody that has obesity which is a metabolic disease there's other diseases involved as well and puts you at higher risk of other conditions then I would say you know it's it's time to see a medical professional so you have obesity you're not obese absolutely exactly you have obesity so I know you all have a lot of question the audience has a lot of questions but before we get to that Dr uh can you uh give us an overview of these medications absolutely and and how they work so there are a lot of medications the ones that have been getting a lot of attention as of late are what we call gop1 receptor agonists go1 stands for glucagon like peptide 1 receptor Agonist okay so how do those meds work how exciting how exciting right let's talk about I had to introduce to you guys this this concept of how the brain regul weight for you to understand how those medications work the primary way in which they work is they upregulate that anorogenic pathway so a lot of people on these meds say I feel different something feels different I don't understand what it is it's because it hit that pathway in the brain that pathway in the brain and guess what I downregulated the oogenic pathway of the brain so the primary reason why I think these medications are getting this level of attention is that they go right to the source of the problem in the brain they're hitting the brain they're hitting the brain okay so it makes you less hungry but it has nothing to do with your your stomach so so no that's not true so the gop1 receptor Agonist I can't go through all the pathways but the gp1 the the other you feel less full and that's coming from your brain it's coming from your brain but the gp1s those injectables we've been hearing a lot about they also slow movement through the GI track so let let's just call them by name so the glp ones are o mjo those are some of the key mararo is a gp12 it's actually a dual Agonist so it has two components in it okay I just call it hungry brain and hungry gut and they're talking to each other and these medications help slow that conversation down with the brain and get you to a place if you're somebody who was living with obesity where you can actually adhere to LIF style changes that come a little more naturally to others but I'm going to I'm going to push back a little bit because there are non-responders to these medications yeah there are people that go in the meds and they're like wait a minute I lost four pounds why did this person over here lose 50 lbs because that must not be the dysfunction in your body and it's okay right so when we see people as a failure even when they go on the medications because it didn't work it's not their fault we are not they're not atap POS holders it just means that that's not the pathway that's dysfunctional in their body and we're still learning different path Pathways and how they interact and interplay with this complex multifactorial disease so the drugs may not work for everybody exactly and and that's where we can also continue to shift that conversation and use different language because it's not that you failed the drug it's the drug fa exactly absolutely and that's what we have to keep in mind with all of these treatments okay can you all tell us is it better to have just the glp1 or is it better to have the glp1 combined with whatever the other thing is in monjaro which which is better I we haven't really done yet the head to head right it looks like from the studies that you get a little bit more weight loss with the monjaro because you have that combination and there'll be other combinations coming out by the way so if you're getting confused with all the alphabet soup that Dr Fatima is saying just wait but there's something called Triple G a triple g a Triple G that's coming out it's called recalde or something ratri ratri yeah baby and so that just that's another G it's another G I'm waiting on the Triple G so that has the G that's the it has the gop1 right you guys got that yep and it's the G and it's got another thing and it has a glucagon receptor in it also so the Triple G gop1 Gip glucose insulin Tropic polypeptide and glucagon the 48 week studies show 24.2% total body weight loss that's exactly what I read8 weeks yes

- Oprah Winfrey on How She Found ‘New Freedom’ After Weight Loss: Kind: captions Language: en ♪ >>> WE ARE BACK WITH OPRAH WHO IS LIVING HER BEST LIFE RIGHT NOW, AND ALWAYS, AFTER DECADES OF STRUGGLING WITH WEIGHT, THE TV ICON SAYS IT ALL CHANGED WITH ONE AH-HA MOMENT. ONE AH-HA MOMENTNT. >> SHE TALKS ABOUT IT IN HER NEW BOOK, "ENOUGH: YOUR HEALTH, YOUR WEIGHT, AND WHAT IT'S LIKE TO BE FREE." WE WILL CHAT IN A MINUTE. FIRST, MORE ON OPRAH'S'S JOURNE. FIRST, MORE ON OPRAH'S JOURNEY. >> AS LONG AS SHE'S BEEN IN THE PUBLIC EYE, OPRAH WINFREY HAS BEEN OPEN ABOUT HER STRUGGLE WITH WEIGHT. FOR 25 YEARS SHE BROUGHT VIEWERS ALONG ON HER JOURNEY OF DIETING, DETERMINATION AND DOUBT. >> I DON'T KNOW IF THERE IS >> I DON'T KNOW IF THERE IS S ANOTHER PUBLIC PERSON WHOSE EN WEIGHT STRUGGLE HAS BEEN EXPLOITED AS MUCH AS MININE OVER EXPLOITED AS MUCH AS MINE OVER THE YEARS. >> NOW AFTER YEARS OF SELF-BLAME, SCIENCE AND RESEARCH HAVE LED OPRAH TO A NEW UNDERSTANDING. UNDERSTANDING.G. OBESITY IS A CHRONIC DISEASE, NOT A PERSONAL FAILURE. >> TWO-THIRDS OF AMERICANS AND HALF OF THE WORLD POPULATION DID NOT WAKE UP ONE MORNING AND DECIDE TO HAVE OBESITY. >> IN HER NEW BOOK, "ENOUGH," YOUR OPRAH TEAMS UP WITH RENOWNED PHYSICIAN SCIENTIST ANIA JASTREBOFF TO CHALLENGE LONG-HELD BELIEFS ABOUT WEIGHT AND PEEL BACK K THE SHAME THAT AND PEEL BACK THE SHAME THAT SURROUNDED IT AND HER FOR TOO LONG. JUST WEEKS SHYHY OF HER 72nd JUST WEEKS SHY OF HER 72nd BIRTHDAY, OPRAH SAYS THIS HAS BIRTHDAY, OPRAH SAYS THIS S HAS SET HER FREE. SHE SAYS FREEDOM DIDN'T COME FROM JUST CHANGE. IT CAME FROM UNDERSTANDING THE WHOLE PICTURE. WHOLE PICTURE.E. AS SHE WRITES, NO AMOUNT OF SUCCESS, MONEY, FAME, OR INTELLIGENCE IS A MATCH FOR BIOLOGY. BIOLOGY.Y. NOW FOR HER VERY FIRST OLE SOLO LIVE BROADCAST INTERVIEW SINCE THE RELEASE OF THE BOOK, OPRAH IS HERE TO S SHARE THE WHOLE IS HERE E TO SHARE THE WHOLE PICTURE WITH US. >> THAT WAS GOOD. >> OKAY. >> YEAH. >> YEAEAH. [ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ] >> SO FREEDOM IS IN THE TITLE OF THIS BOOK, AND YOU WRITE IN IT THAT IT'S TAKEN YOU HALF YOUR LIFE TO REACH THIS MOMENT. WHAT DOES THAT LOOK LIKE TO YOU DAY IN AND DAY OUT, THAT FREEDOM? FREEDODOM? >> IT LOOKS LIKE I AM NOT WAKING UP AND THE FIRIRST THING I THINK UP AND THE FIRST THING I THINK ABOUT IS HOW MUCH DO I WEIGH. IT LOOKS LIKE I AM NOT THINKING ABOUT WHAT DO HE EAT FOR BRECK FOOS, AND IF I ATE BREAKFAST I CAN'T EAT A LUNCH OROR SKIP A MEAL. THE NOISE IN MY HEAD THAT T I THE NOISE IN MY HEADAD THAT I THINK MOST PEOPLE WHO HAVE OBESITY HAVE EXPERIENCED THAT FOOD NOISE THAT WE DIDN'T KNOW EVERYBODY ELSE WAS HAVING. I CECERTAINLY DIDN'T KNOW THAT I CERTAINLY DIDN'T KNOW THAT PEOPLE WHO DON'T HAVE OBESITY DON'T HAVE IT. SO IF YOU'RE LISTENINGNG TO ME W SO IF YOU'RE LISTENING TO ME NOW AND YOU DON'T WHAT I'M TALKING ABOUT, YOU PROBABLY DON'T HAVE. IF YOU ARE LISTENING GOING, MY GOD, THAT HAPPENED TO ME, TOO, YOU ARE STANDING FRONT OF THE REFRIGERATOR AND THINKING ABOUT WHAT Y YOU ARE EATING NEXT. WHAT YOU ARE EATING NEXT. >> I THINK ABOUT TOMORROW AND THE NEXT DAY. >> OR PLANNING THE MEAL FOR THANKSGIVING, , YOU KNOW, A WEEK THANKSGIVING, YOU KNOW, A WEEK BEFORE. >> THINKING ABOUT -- >> AM I GOING TO E EAT TOO MUCH. >> AM I GOING TO EAT TOO MUCH. HOW DO I GET THAT OFF. CONSTANT NOISE HAS SUBSIDED. SO THAT IS WHAT HAS BEEN TRANSFORMATIONAL FOR ME. TRANSFORMATIONAL FOR ME.E. AND THE NEW FREEDOM IS UNDERSTANDING THAT ALL THOSE UNDERSTANDING THAT ALL THOHOSE YEARS THAT I SUFFERED AND WAS ON THE TABLBLOIDS EVERY WEEK AND ME THE TABLOIDS EVERY WEEK AND MADE FUN OF AND THE BUTT OF EVERYBODY'S JOKES, AND I THOUGHT IT W WAS BECAUSE OF MY LACK OF IT WAS BECAUSE OF MY LACK OF WILLPOWER. WILLPOWEWER. WHAT IS WRONG WITH ME THAT I COULD BE SUCCESSSSFUL IN SO MANY COULD BE SUCCESSFUL IN SO MANY WAYS AND I CAN'T CONQUER THIS THING. THINING. NOW I KNOW IT HAS NOTHING TO DO NOW I I KNOW IT HAS NOTHING TO WITH WILL POWER. WITH WILL POWEWER. IT HAS EVERYTHING TO DO WITH YOUR BIOLOGY. YOUR BIOLOGY. . >> ON THAT NOTE, I WAS THINKING >> ON THAT NOTE,E, I WAS THINKI ABOUT THIS LAST NIGHT, IN THE SAME WAY T THAT NOW WE TALK ABOT SAME WAY THAT NOW WE TALK ABOUT MENTAL HEALTH. IT FEELS LIKE WE ARE EVOLVING. I REMEMBER, IF YOU HADAD ANXIET, I REMEMBER, IF YOU HAD ANXIETY, DEPRESSION, SHAKE IT OFF, PRAY ABOUT IT, BEBE STRONG. ABOUT IT, BE S STRONG. NOW WE REALIZE MY KIDS, YEAH, THERAPY IS NO BIG DEAL. THERAPY IS NO BIG DEAL.. EVERYBODY IS A THERAPIST. IS THE HOPE WE CAN DO THAT -- >> WE WILL GET THERE. >> WE WILL GET THERE. . >> WITH FOOD? >> WITH FOODOD? >> WE ARE NOT THERE YET. >>>> WE ARE NOT THERE YET. AND THIS BOOK IS A PART OF THE PIONEERING OF THAT AND ALLOWING PEOPLE TO LITERALLY GET THE MESSAGE. I KNOW IN THE BEGIGINNING WHEN E I KNOW IN THE BEGINNING WHEN THE MESSAGE, YOU ARE TRYINING TO OFR MESSAGE, YOU ARE TRYING TO OFFER THE MESSAGE, PEOPLE E LIKE, NO, THE MESSAGE, PEOPLE LIKE, NO, NO, NO, BECAUSE I REMEMBER BACK IN THE DAY WHEN I FIRST STARTED THE OPRAH SHOW, IN '86, '87, WE DID OUR FIRST SHOW ON ALCOHOLISM. ALCOHOLISMSM. PEOPLE IN THE AUDIENCE LIKE, PUT THE BOTTLE DOWN. PEOPLE DID NOT RECOGNIZE, REFUSED TO RECOGNIZE THAT ALCOHOLISM IS A DISEASE. AND SO NOW WE ARE SAYING THE SAME THING ABOUT OBESITY. IT'S A DISEASE, IT'S A CHRONIC DISEASE. DISEASE.E. YOU HAVE TO MANAGE IT. AND EVEN WHEN YOU THINK YOU HAVE GOTTEN TO YOUR GOAL WEIGHT, IT'S GOTTEN TO YOUR GOAL WEIGHT, ITIS NOT THE ANSWER. BECAUSE YOU ARE -- WHAT THE BECAUSE YOU ARE -- WHAT THE E MEDICATIONS DO IS MANAGE THE SET POINT IN YOUR BODY. AND SO I WAS OFF THE MEDICATIONS ALL LAST YEAR AND I GAINED 20 POUNDS BECAUSE I WANTED TO TEST IT BECAUSE EVERYBODY WAS SAYING IT BECAUSE EVERYBODY WAS SAYINI YOU ARE GOING TO GAIN THE WEIGHT. I AM GOING TO SHSHOW THEM I WON, I AM GOING TO SHOW THEM I WON'T, I WILL HIKE. >> SO I WERE TAKING IT? >> THEN I GOT OFF OF IT. THEN I GAINED THREE POUNDS, THEN FIVE POUNDS, THEN TEN POUNDS. BEFORE YOU KNOW IT -- >> ALSO, YOU WRITE ABOUT THIS, BUT GAIN THE POUNDS. MORE THAN THTHAT, THE NOISE WAS MORE THAN THAT, THE NOISE WAS BACK. BACK. . >> THE NOISE WAS BACK. THE NOISE OF YOU ARE STANDING THERE LOOKING THE REFRIGERATOR, WHAT CAN I EAT? I WAS TRYING TO EAT MORE HEALTHILY AND PUT THE WEIGHT BACK ON STILL. THAT'S THE THING. THAT'S THE THINGNG. IT'S THE SAME AS IF YOU ARE IT'S THE SAME AS IF YOU ARE E ON -- YOU WILL TALK TO DOCTOR ANYA L LATER, IF YOU ARE ON BLOD ANYA LATER, IF YOU ARE ON BLOOD PRESSURE MEDICATION, IF YOU STOP YOUR BLOOD PRESSURE MEDICATION YOUR BLOOD PRESSURE IS GOING TO GO UP. THE SAME THING IS TRUE WITH THIS MEDICATION. MEDICATIONON. >> I FEEL LIKE MANY OF US, ALL >> I FEEL LIKE MANY Y OF US, AL OF US, AND I DON'T THINK YOU OF US, AND I D DON'T THINK YOU NECESSARILY HAVE TO HAVE OBESITY TO HAVE THIS, HAVE SHAME MOMENTS. MOMENTS.S. SOMEBODY SAYS SOMETHING TO AND SOMEBODY SAYS SOSOMETHING TO AN IT STICKS. THEN WHEN N YOU ARE TALKING BADY THENEN WHEN YOU ARE TALKING BAD TO YOURSELF LATER, YOU ARE SAYING THOSE WORDS. YOU HAD A MOMENT WITH YOUR DADA. YOU HAD A MOMENT WITH YOUR DAD. YOU KNOW WHAT? I I DIDN'T REALIZE UNTIL MANY I DIDN'T REALIZE U UNTIL MANY YEARS LATER THAT WAS THE MOMENT FOR ME. I WAS IN THE HALALLWAY. I WAS IN THE HALLWAY. I HAD GOTTEN ON A SCALE. MY DAD CAME BY AS I WAS STANDING ON THE SCALE AND SAID, THERE IS NO NEED TO WEIGH YOURSELF BECAUSE YOU ALWAYS WILL BE BIG. I WAS LIKE, WHAT? YOUR MAMA IS BIG, AUNTS ARE BIG. I HAD THEM IN THE BACK OF MY BUYOU I CAN. I I COULDN'T PUT THEM ALL, YOU I COULDN'T PUT THEM ALL, YOU KNOW, WEIGHING DOWN THE BACK O F KNOW, WEIGHING DOWN THE BACK OF MY BUICK. AND I WAS EMBARRASSED IN THAT MOMENT, BUT I DIDN'T REALIZE UNTIL MANY YEARS LATER BECAUSE IT STUCK. IT STUCKCK. AND EVERY TIME I GO ON ANOTHER DIET, I HEAR T THAT, YOU ARE DIET, I HEAR THAT, YOU ARE ALWAYS GOING TO BE BIG. YOU'RE ALWAYS GOING TO BE BIG. ALSO, LIKE I DID LAST YEAR TRYING TO PROVE THE SCIENTISTS WRONG -- >> DO YOU STILL HEAR IT? >> DO YOU STILL HEARAR IT? >> NO BECAUSE I KNOW THAT, FIRST OF ALL, HE WAS WRITE RIGHT. I WOULD ALWAYS BE BIG BECAUSE I HAD THE BIOLOGOGY TO MAKE HAD THE BIOLOGY TO MAKE MYSELF -- THAT WOULD ALLOW MYSELF TO BECOME OBESE. AND SO WITH THE MEDICATIONS, I AM ABLE TO -- AM ABLE TO --- >> WE WILL TALK ABOUT THAT NEXT. I WILL SAY THERE ARE SO MANY MEN AND WOMEN WHO RELATE TO WHAT YOU ARE SAYING. LAST NIGHT WHEN I READ THE BOOK, WHEN YOU OPEN THE BOOK, PEOPLE WILL FIND THIS, I HIGHLIGHTED WILL FIND THIS, I HIGHLIGHTETED IT, YOU SAY MAY YOU FIND PEACE Y WITH THE KNOWLEDGE THAT OBESITY IS N NOT YOUR FAULT. IS NOT YOUR FAULT. >> IT'S NOT YOUR FAULT. >> ABSOLUTELY. >> THAT'S THE FREEDOM I FEEL. AND IT'S NO LONGER MY FAULT. >> NOT YOUR FAULT. MUCH MORE WITH OPRAH COMING UP. HER CO-AUTHOR, DR. ANIA JASTREBOFF JOINS US FOR THE CONVERSATION WITH A DEEPER DIVE INTO WEIGHT LOSS MEDICATIONS, >>> MILLIONS OF PEOPLE IN THIS COUNTRY STRUGGLE WITH OBESITY. NOW WEIGHT LOSS MEDICATIONS ARE PROVIDING OPTION OS FOR THOSE WHO STRUGGLED TO LOSE WEIGHT THEIR ENTIRE LIVES. >> WHAT ARE THESE GLGLP-1 MEDS D >> WHAT ARE THESE GLP-1 MEDS AND HOW DO THEY WORK. BACK TO DISCUSS, WE HAHAVE OPRAH BACK TO DISCUSS, WE HAVE OPRAH WINFREY AND JOINING THE CONVERSATION IS ENDOCRINOLOGIST AND ASSOCIATE PROFESSOR AT THE YALE SCHOOL OF MEDICINE DR. ANIA JASTREBOFF. JASTREBOFFFF. THEY TEAMED UP TO WRITE THIS BOOK. IT'S CALLED "ENOUGH: YOUR HEALTH, YOUR WEIGHT, AND WHAT IT'S LIKE TO BE FREE." >> THE PERFECT, PERFECT TITLE. OKAY. OKAYAY. SO OPRAH, START WITH YOU AGAIN. SO OPRAH, START WITH YOU AGAGAI. WHEN YOU THINK BACK ABOUT ALL OF THE TIME SPENT JOURNALING, SELF-HATRED, TALKING TO YOYOURSELF, BLAMING YOURSELF, YU YOURSELF, BLAMING YOURSELF, YOU KNOWOW, ALL THE SHAME, ALL OF TT KNOW, ALL THE SHAME, ALL OF THAT TIME, FOR PEOPLE AT HOME WHO ARE THINKING, WAIT, THAT'S ME, LIKE, WHAT DO YOU THINK ABOUT THAT TIME? TIMEME? >> I WOULD LIKE SAY TO THE >> I WOULD LIKIKE SAY TO THE PEOPLE AT HOME, THAT'S THE REASON I AM OUT IN THE STREETS. REASON I AM OUT IN THEHE STREET >> RIGHT. >>>> OKAY? >> OKAY? THE REASON I AM OUT HERE IN THESE "TODAY" STREETS, SHEINELLE AND JENNA, IS BECAUSE I WANT YOU ALL TO NOT CONTINUE TO WASTE THE TIME. I WANT P PEOPLE TO UNDERSTAND, I WANT PEOPLE TO UNDERSTAND, IT'S NOT YOUR FAULT. >> YES. H >> YOU CANNOT SOLVE THIS WITH WILL POWER BECAUSE THE TRUTH IS, IF YOU COULD HAVE SOLVED IT WITH WILL POWER, WE WOULD HAVE DONE IT. >> THAT'S WHAT HE WANTS. >> WHAT DO Y YOU MEAN BY ENOUGH? >> WHAT DO YOU MEAEAN BY ENOUGH? >> YEAH, SO ENOUGH REALLY COMES TO THE ENOUGH POINT. >> WHICH O OPRAH HAS TALKED ABOT >> WHICH OPRAH HAS TALKED ABOUT AND HAS TALKED ABOUT RECENTLY IN TERMS OF THAT IS WHERE HER BODY ALWAYS WANTED TO BE. AND D THE ENOUGH POINT IS HOW MH AND THE ENOUGH POINT IS HOW MUCH ENERGY, HOW MUCH FUEL, HOW MUCH FAT YOUR BODY WANTS YOU TO STORE. STORE.E. AND IT FIGHTS NO MATTER WHAT TO TRY TO GET YOU TO THAT -- >> WHAT IF YOUR ENOUGH POINT IS >> WHAT IF YOUR ENOUGH POINT I BIGGER WHERE THAN YOU WANT IT TO BE? HOW DO YOU -- >> AS I SASAID, MY ENOUGH POINT, >> AS I SAID, MY ENOUGH POINT, EVERY TIME I WENT ON A DIET, BETWEEN 211 AND 218. WHEN I PULLED OUT THE WAGON OF FAT SO MANY YEARS AGO, I WAS 211. 211.1. RUN THE MARATHON, SAME THING. MY ENOUGH POINT IS FAR HIGHEHER MY ENOUGH POINT IS FAR HIGHER THAN WITH I REALLY WANTED TO BE. I THINK FOR A LOT OF PEOPLE WHO DON'T HAVE OBESITY, THEIR ENOUGH OR SET POINT IS MUCH LOWER. OR SET POINT IS MUCH LOWER. . >> IT'S MUCH LOWER. AND THE E IDEA FOR THE BOOK, THE AND THE IDEA FOR THE BOOK, THE TITLE "ENOUGH," CAME TO ME ONE MORNING. MORNING.G. I WOKE UP AND RAN DOWN THE STAIRS AND LITERALLY WROTE IT DOWN ON A POST-IT NOTE. I WAS SO EXCITED. THE REASON IS BECAUSE ITIT REALY THE REASON IS BECAUSE IT REALLY CAPTURES WHAT HAPPENS WHEN PEOPLE, WHEN OPRAH TAKES THE MEDICINE, SHE FEELS SHE HAS MEDICINE, SHE FEELS SHE HAS S ENOUGH. PEOPLE WHO HAVE OBESITY, THEIR BRAIN, WHICH SETS THE ENOUGH BRAIN, WHICH SETS THE ENOUGHGH POINT, IS CONSTANTLY PULLING TH AND THEY HE WILL DON'T F FEEL LE AND THEY HE WILL DON'T FEEL LIKE THEY HAVE ENOUGH. THE TITLE MEANS SOMETHING ELSE. ENOUGH BLAME AND SHAME. WHY ARE WE BLAMING PEOPLE FOR A DOZEN THAT IS NOT THEIR FAULT, NOT THEIR CHOICE. NOT THTHEIR CHOICE. AND SO THAT'S WHY THE TITLE FIT SO PERFECTLY. >> IF ANYBODY IS WATCHING NOW AND HAS OBESITY, YOU KNOW HOW YOU CONTINUE TO EAT EVEN THOUGH YOU ARE FULL OR YOU HAD ENOUGH BUT IT'S STILL ON THE PLATE, SO YOU CONTINUE TO EAT BECAUSE YOU GREW UP IN THE CLEAN PLATE CLUB. >> DO YOU NOT DO THAT? >> THAT STOPS WITH THE >> LET'S TALK -- >> TWO ENGLISH MUFFINS E EVERY >> TWO ENGLISH MUFFINS EVERY MORNING, ONE WITH HONEY, ONE WITH JAM, ONE WITH EGG. NOW I CAN DO ONE OR A HALF OF ONE. ONE.E. >> YOU ARE NOT HUNGRY? >> YOU HAVE ENOUOUGH. >> YOU HAVE ENOUGH. >> LET'S TALK ABOUT THAT. >> LET'S TALK ABOUT THAT.. LET'S TALK ABOUT THE GLP-1s OR THE OBESITY MEDICINE AS YOU CALL THEM. THEMEM. AND WHAT HAPPENS WHEN YOU GO OFF? OFF?F? I MEAN, AND I LOVE THAT YOU TESTED IT. >> I WAS GOING TO PROVE E HER >> I WAS GOING TO PROVE HER WRONG BECAUSE I WAS SASAYING, N, WRONG BECAUSE I WAS SAYING, NO, I'M HIKING AND SEVEN MILES AND DOING THIS. I DON'T KNOW. I THINK YOU ARE GOING TO HAVE AN ISSUE. ISSUE.E. NO, NO, NO, NO. AND THEN IT SUDDENLY CAME BACK. >> IT'S BIOLOGY, RIGHT? >> IT'S ABOUT BIOLOGY. I DON'T KNOW ANYONE THAT HAS MORE GRITMAN OPRAH. SHE IS HIKING E SIX, SEVEN, EIGH MILES A DAY, EATING RIGHT. THREE KEPT ON BEING PULLED UP. THREE KEPT ON BEING PULLED U UP. THE MEDICINES, WHAT THEY DO, THE THE MEDIDICINES, WHAT THEY DO, E WAY THEY WORK, THEY RECALIBRATE, WAY THEY WORK, THEY RECACALIBRA, THEY LOWER YOUR ENOUGH POINT SO THAT YOUR BRAIN IS LIKE, HEY BODY, YOU ARE NOT STARVING, YOU DO NOT NEED TO EAT MORE, YOU HAVE ENOUGUGH FUEL, YOU HAVE HAVE ENOUGH FUEL, YOU HAVE ENOUGH FAT, YOU HAVE ENOUGH. AND THAT IS WHY ONE MUFFIN OR HALF A MUFFIN IS ENOUGH. >> ARE THERE SIDE EFFECTS? >> I AM SURE PEOPLE ARE WATCHING, IT'S PROBABLY NOT FOR EVERYBODY. WHAT DO WE NEED TO KNONOW AND FR WHAT DO WE NEED TO KNOW AND FOR SIDE EFFECTS? >> EVERY MEDICICINE FOR ANY >> EVERY MEDICINE FOR ANY DISEASE HAS SIDE EFFECTS. DISEASE HAS SIDE EFFECTSTS. THAT'S THE FIRST THING. IO THERE IS A RISK TO BENEFIT RATIO FOR EVERY PERSON. THEY ARE NOT RIGHT FOR WHAT ARE THE COMMON SIDE EFFECTS, THERE A ARE MANY WAYS O EFFECTS, THERE ARE MANY WAYS TO MITIGATE THEM, LOWOWER THE CHANE MITIGATE THEM, LOWER THE CHANCE OF T THEM. OF THEM. THE MOST COMMON SIDE EFFFFECTS E THE MOST COMMON SIDE EFFECTS ARE NAUSEA, DIARRHEA, CONSTIPATION. THE BEST WAY -- THE BEST WAY --- >> HAVE YOU EVER HAD NAUSEA OR DIARRHEA, BUT I DID HAVE THE THIRD ONE. >> SO IMPORTANT -- >> SO IMPORTANT T -- >> THERE ARE WAYS TO MITIGATE THAT? >> I FIGURED OUT FOR ME WHAT THE RIGHT COMBINATION OF MAGNESIUM AND WATER IS. >> DRINK A A LOT OF WATER. >> DRINK A LOT OF WATER. >> I AM ALWAYS URIAS. >> I HAVE TO HAVE A GALLON OF WATER A DAY. WATER A DAY.Y. A GALLON OF WATER A DAY. >> I LOVE THAT WE HAVE OUR NEW MUGS. >> WOULD YOU LIKE A MUG? >> SOME OF YOUR WATER? >> A GALLON OF WATER. IF I DO LESS AND I HAVE TO DRINK A GALLON OF WATER BEFORE 4:00. >> STOP IT. >> A GALLON OF WATER? >> IT'S GOING TO BE ROUGH BECAUSE IT'S HARD -- >> OPRAH'S KIDNEYSYS ARE VERY, >> OPRAH'S KIDNEYS ARE VERY, VERY HAPPY. VERY HAPPYPY. HYDRATION IS ONE OF THE BEST WAYS T TO MITIGATE NAUSEA OR TO WAYS TO MITIGATE NAUSEA OR TO LESSEN NAUSEA. THERE ARE OTHER WAYS. THE MOSTST IMPORTANT WAY IS THE MOST IMPORTANT WAY IS WORKING WITH YOUR HEALTH CARE PRPROVIDER AND GOING UP VERY, VY PROVIDER AND GOING UP VERY, VERY SLOWLY. SLOWLY.. START LOW. START T LOW. GO SLOW. IF YOU ARE FEELING NAUSEATED, DON'T INCREASE THE DOSE. THERE IS OTHER THINGS. THERE IS OTHER THINGNGS. NOT EATING PAST THE POINT OF FULLNESS, MAKE SURE YOU MONITOR WHICH FOODS MAYBE YOU WORSE. DIFFERENT THINGS CAN LOWER THE SIDE EFFECTS. >> FOR EVERYBODY WHO WANTS TO >> FOR EVEVERYBODY WHO WANTS TO ASK THE QUESTION, DO YOU STAY ON ASK THE E QUESTION, DO YOU STAYN IT, IF YOU ARE ON BLOOD PRESSURE MEDICATION, IF YOU'RE ON DIDIABETES MEDICATION OR ANY OTR DIABETES MEDICATION OR ANY OTHER MEDICACATION FOR A CHRONIC MEDICATION FOR A CHRONIC DISEASE, T THIS IS A CHRONIC DISEASE, THIS IS A CHRONIC IF Y YOU ARE BLOOD PRESSURE IF YOU ARE BLOOD PRESSURE MEDICATION YOU GET YOUR BLOOD PRESSURE TO THE LEVEL YOUR DOCTOR SAYS IS HEALTHY FOR YOU, COCOME OFF THE MEDICATION, YOUR COME OFF THE MEDICATION, YOUR BLOOD PRESSURE GOES UP. BLOOD PRESSURE GOES UPUP. THE SAME THING IS TRUE FOR THIS. I KNOW IT BECAUSE I PROVED IT. >> REWIRE HOW WE THINK ABOUT IT. >> YES, YES. AND I LOOK AT IT AS A TOOL. A TOOL TO HELP ME MANAGE MY ENTIRE HEALTH. >> AND BY THE WAY, YOUR HEALTH, YOU HIKE SOMETHING LIKE EIGHT MILES -- MILES S -- >> NO, I DID TEN MILES OVER THE HOLIDAYS FOR -- >> LOOK. >> YES, YEYES. >> YOU HIKE LIKE CRAZY. >> YOU HIKE LILIKE CRAZY. YOU ARE LIFTING, WHICH IS IMPORTANT FOR WOMEN. >> RESISTANCE TRAINING IS REALLY IMPORTANT AS YOU GET OLDER FOR MUSCLE TONE. MUSCLE TONONE. >> SO MANY PEOPLE YOU TALK ABOUT HIKING AND YOU DO SOMETHING, PEOPLE ARE HERE FOR IT, RIGHT, AND A LOT OF PEOPLE, I CAN'T WALK, , I CAN'T DO THIS. WALK, I CAN'T DO THIS. WHAT IS IT ABOUT HIKING THAT YOU LOVE THAT MAYBE SOMEONE AT HOME WATCHING CAN SAY, YOU KNOW WHAT? LET ME GIVE IT A TRY. >> THE REASON I LOVE HIKING -- I LOVE THAT QUESTION. THE REASON I LOVE HIHIKING SO THE REASON I LOVE HIKING SO MUCH, YOU ARE LOOKING AT THE TOP MUCH, YOU ARE LOOKING AT THE T P OF THE HILL AND THIS IS WHAT OF THE HILL L AND THIS IS WHAT HAPPENED WHEN I GOT MY KNEES DONE. DONE.. I LOOK OUT THE WINDOW BECAUSE I COULDN'T WALK. I WOULD LIKE T TO GET TO THE TOP I WOULD LIKE TO GET TO THE TOPO OF THAT HILL. OF THAHAT HILL. YOU LOOK AT THE TOP OF THE HILL. . THIS IS WHAT I LOVE ABOUT IT. DON'T LOOK HOW FAR YOU HAVE GO. EVERY STEP YOU TAKE, TURN AROUND AND LOOK HOW FAR YOU'VE COME. LOOK HOW FAR YOU HAVE COME. YOU GET HALFWAY THERE, LOOK HOHW YOU GET HALFWAY THERE, LOOK HOW FAR YOU'VE COME. THAT GIVES YOU THE F FUEL AND TE THAT GIVES YOU THE FUEL AND THE STRENGTH TO KEEP YOURSELF GOING. THAT'S A GREAT METAPHOR FOR LIFE. LIFE.. LOOK HOW FAR YOU'VE COME. >> BY THE WAY -- [ [ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ] ! >> I LOVE IT! >> I QUOTED IT LAST WEEK. I QUOTED IT. IT'S BEAUTIFUL. IT'S BEAUTIFUL. . >> THAT'S A SERMON. >> THANK YOU SO MUCH F FOR BEING >> THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR BEING HERE AND THIS BEAUTIFUL BOOK. HERE AND THIS BEAUTIFUL BOOK. . >> SO HAPPY TO BE HERE ON YOUR SECOND DAY. [ CHEERS A AND APPLAUSE ] [ CHCHEERS AND APPLAUSE ] >> I DON'T KNOW HOW WE ARE GOING TO GO UP FROM HERE. >> YOU WILL. >> WE'LL TRY. >> THANK YOU AS WEWELL. >> THANK YOUOU AS WELL. SHE IS STICKING AROUND TO TALK ABOUT SOME COMMON MYTHS AND

- Meghan Trainor Reveals Weight-Loss Journey with Mounjaro: Stunning Transformation!: Kind: captions Language: en Megan Trainer reveals weight loss journey with Mjaro. Stunning transformation. If you thought Megan Trainer's recent smoke show transformation was just a matter of hard work and style, think again. The Grammyinning singer finally spilled the beams. She's been using a trendy weight loss injectable to help shed surplus pounds over the past year, sparking both support and controversy. On Monday, the 31-year-old star took to Instagram to give a heartfelt shout out to Mangjaro, a type 2 diabetes medication that many are now turning to for weight management. No, I don't look like I did 10 years ago, Megan shared, emphasizing her journey to become the healthiest, strongest version of herself for her kids and for herself. She revealed she's teamed up with a dietician, made significant lifestyle changes, and started exercising with a trainer. But she also admitted, "Yes, I used science and support." Shout out to Mjaro. To help after my second pregnancy, and she feels fantastic now. her motivation. After giving birth to her sons Riley, four, and Barry, 21 months, both with her husband Daryl Sabara, Megan developed gestational diabetes. That health scare prompted her to explore various options to regain her shape. Recently, she rocked a slim 5'5 figure in a daring black sheer dress at the Billboard Women in Music event, where she received a hitmaker trophy. Despite the praise, Megan couldn't help but vent. It's a little disheartening that so many questions and comments focused solely on my body instead of my music passion or the decade of hard work that got me here. She added, "This is what it's like to be a woman in the music industry." Wrapping up her message, Megan emphasized the importance of celebrating talent and growth, and she urged everyone to focus on what truly matters, with love. In recent years, the popularity of GLP1 medications like simaglutide has surged with many celebrities openly or secretly using these drugs to fight stubborn weight. Stars like Kathy Bates, Kelly Clarkson, Oprah Winfrey, Elon Musk, Rebel Wilson, and Amy Schumer have admitted to taking semiglutides. Meanwhile, some, including Lizo, Lana Del Rey, and Khloe Kardashian, remain silent on their choices, fueling rumors. Such injectables can cost from around $25 a month with insurance to over $1,000 out of pocket for a four-week supply. Importantly, these drugs are prescribed primarily for severely overweight individuals with type 2 diabetes. Only WGI has officially gained FDA approval for weight loss in 2021. On her recent red carpet appearance, Megan claimed her new look was thanks to science, citing her dislike of traditional cardio, especially running, because it inflamed her body. She's into biohacking and exploring every anti-aging trend from NAD plus4 therapies to other health hacks in her quest to turn back the clock. Earlier this year, Megan also opted for breast augmentation and lifting surgery, which she credits for feeling more comfortable in her skin. She's open about working on self-love, sharing, "I've never been more at peace with my body, and highlighting how her mental health journey is part of her ongoing growth." Having wrapped a highly successful 26-day Timeless tour with over $14 million in gross sales, Megan continues to inspire fans with her honesty and resilience. Whether that's through her music, her personal choices, or the message of self-acceptance she champions,

- WEEK 26 on Mounjaro | Normal Work Week, What I Eat, NSV & My 2026 Glow Up Plans: Kind: captions Language: en Coming back. Really popular, but you ain't seen nothing yet. So, we're laying down. Normal week. Someone wolf whistled at me. Totally forgot about it. It's a good problem to have. Why? I've been loving it. Hear me out. Who doesn't love butter with their potato? The life edit. You're in a straight jacket. My goodness. I'm very excited. Fun fact, gold inside and out is the answer. Yep. Just want to eat it. I'm nervous. This is not very exciting. Hold that thought. Tick. Well done me. That's all I have to say again. Loading. Hello everyone. Hi. Welcome back to a new vlog. Today it's Sunday. It's about 1000 p.m. I'm about to do my injection. This is week 24. No, what am I saying? Week 26. And actually, I think I might just read just I've had a busy weekend. Yesterday I drove back from Bernie. It's very echoy in here. Why is it so echoing? I open the door. Is it still as echo? It's kind of not that echoey. I had the door closed cuz the washing machine's on and it was on the spin cycle and it was really noisy. Really loud. Anyway, it's stopped now. I've still got fat on my tummy. I think I'm going to do it on my stomach today just because I noticed a bit of a lack of food noise suppression or whatever during the week. And I'm not sure if that's because it was in my arm, in my head, or just because it's 2.5. So, I'm going to do my stomach today just for something different. Wash my hands. Top soapy water. I put up my vlog today, which I'm still not sure what day I'm going to stick with to put the um felt like posting my weekly vlog. So, it went up Sunday night tonight. Throughout the week, I didn't have as much time as I would have liked purely because it was very sociable. Do you want to get in there? You can get in there. It is kind of easier on a Sunday because I still have the weekend which I haven't sorted anything out. Are you okay? What's going on? I know everyone preferred Friday. So, I'll see how I go with Fridays. My original vlogs used to go up on Sunday nights. If you are have been a subscriber for that long, you will remember that. Not sure if I'm going to go back to doing that or if I'll stick with Friday. Now, my washing machine's being noisy again. Why are you not? Okay, it's primed and ready. I'm in the middle of watching the new Jurassic Park movie. I really wanted to go and see that at the movies, but I just I don't know. I couldn't be bothered, so I've waited until it's come out and it's on Netflix. And the other thing I did is I watched finished part one of Bridgetton season 4, and that was today. Where am I going to go? Just go down here. What else do I need to tell you? I haven't watched the Olympic opening ceremony yet. I've totally forgot about it. Totally forgot about it. I haven't done the bloody clicking. Uh, okay. How does that How's that going to work? One, two, three. It always feels like it's not enough when I do the click method because it's not as long as it used to be when you inject. Like, it's really short and I'm always like, did I get enough medicine? Was that right? It was. Okay. So, three, two, one. I haven't done it in the stomach for a while. I'm nervous. Don't be nervous. Where do I put you? Okay, done. Right. What was I saying? Yes. So, I've watched I'm in the middle of watching the new Jurassic Park movie when I should be editing all my videos for YouTube that I haven't edited yet. When I want to have something to eat, I love watching something while I'm eating, but I always start watching something really long and it takes me like 10 or 15 minutes to eat and then I waste the rest of that time just not doing anything. I'm not wasting it. I'm relaxing. I know that. But anyway, the machine is annoying me cuz it's probably going to be really loud on this footage. Still got my top on from this morning when I weighed in. This is my weigh in Lululemon t-shirt. Let's log my shot on the PEP app. Pain level was none. That was jab six in pen. I have two left normally and then I've got two more click methods. I've got four left after this and then I will need to get a new prescription or make a decision which I don't I don't know. We'll talk about that later when I know when I know more. It's time for bed to be honest. It's Sunday night. Work tomorrow. It's just a normal week at work this week. Nothing else is really going on that's super exciting. Normal old week. And I do have a perfume that I have to pick up from the post office tomorrow that I will show you. I'm wearing Libre Berry Crush. YSL Libre Berry Crush or Libra. It's the latest flanker from YSL. It's quite It's not very strong. I keep having to reapply it, but it's very nice. It's It's I'm not You know, you know, I don't like Libre, and this is a nice Libre. There's only two I like at the moment. Mind you, I haven't tried the Param, but I really like this. It's quite creamy. It's obviously got the berry note in it, but it's not super strong. I was expecting this to be a bit more screechy like Libre is for me, but they've really dialed down the lavender. So, if you don't like Libre because of the lavender and the soapiness and like the screechiness, headache inducingness, there's a lot of nesses in there, try Berry Crush. That's all I have to say. Good night. Good night. Hello everyone. Morning. It's Monday morning. Happy Monday. I'm running late and I just wanted to quickly say hello, show you what I'm wearing. I've changed three times on the bottom half because the other two pairs of trousers I was was going to wear that are like cropped that I would prefer to wear cuz I'm going to wear heels later at work are too big. They're a bit baggy. They fall down. There's no belt loops. They're not very flattering because they're very baggy everywhere. Even though these are these are, you know, a wide leg, so it doesn't look too bad. Anyway, I need to make another Halara order and get the next size down. Yeah, I need to get I think mediums. Anyway, I'm going to go because I'm really late, but just thought I'd say hello. So, hello. Happy Monday. It's Monday night. been just been laying on the couch editing a Tik Tok. Actually, I am so pooped. I just I don't know. Mondays are hard, aren't they? Aren't they? They're so hard. I'm just trying to muster up the energy to get up and get something to eat. I've got the air conditioning on. It's been warm today. The house is warm. It's still pretty daylight out there, as you can see. I've just been laying here. I'm trying to generate captions from Oh, couldn't generate captions. Why? I actually need to show you something. I just can't be bothered getting up right now cuz I just All I've wanted to do since I got up this morning is lay down. So, we're laying down. Oh, I know what I need to do. Finish Jurassic World Rebirth or whatever it's called. I stopped it halfway through. It's a bloody long movie. My goodness. What I do want to show you is the perfume that I picked up today. Oh, look at you two. Hold on. Hold on. Look at you two. Hi, Lady Muk. Are you in the sun? It's your favorite spot, isn't it? Look at you laying there like Lady Muck. And then we've got Lady Muck, too. Hi. And then your other favorite spot is down there. You can see the divot. Oh, all right. I'll leave you alone. So, this is meant to go out in the shed. That's just bags inside a big bag sitting on top of a container, a storage wheelie duva that's full of trophies of mine. You can see all the trophies in there. It needs to go out to the garage, but it's been apprehended. And then my little Miss Fluffy. Look at you, darling. Look at the little paws stacked on top of one another. Oh, you're so cute. You're so precious. I love you. You love that spot, don't you? Just look at that. Just want to eat it. I need to get something to eat, but I took it out of the box already. If you've been here before, which I know I say that all the time, but look, I get lots of new viewers because I am really popular. Uh if you are new here, this is my second bottle of this. This is a backup bottle. I have purchased a backup bottle. My only ever act of purchasing a backup bottle. And I've got about 85 perfumes or so, maybe more. And this is Libre. And I don't like the original Libre. And this is my backup of Venique Couture, the best perfume that was released last year. That's a limited edition that somehow I managed to find on a third party website. Feeling sexy. That's where I got it from and it was discounted. Um, I'm not even going to open it. I'm going to leave it in its plastic because I look hopefully I won't need to open this. But this is actually worth a lot of money. This is gold. This is gold inside and out. And I realized when I was editing this week's vlog, which went up last night, um I Gee, this room's dark. I realized that I didn't show you anything to do with my finished perfume collection organization. I did film a video about my new collection, like location, which is here. So, what I did is I filmed me telling you about my perfumes, but that's in a perfume collection video. So, if you want to see anything about my perfume collection, keep an eye out because I will be hopefully getting that edited and posted very soon, which is just me talking about all my perfumes which are here. Right. And you know what? Oh, did I bring it downstairs? No. So, here's the original. Here's the current bottle. And I think I might just sit that behind. This is the current version. Look how battered it is. And look how much I've used. I've had to stop using it because it was my only bottle and it's limited edition but so vanillaary but also a little bit tiny tiny DNA of Libre but like the best part of Libre also has rum in it and orange blossom and you can see I'm currently editing a video on my giant screen but I need to go upstairs and get my uh Have I told you I have to show you what I'm wearing? So, I'm just going upstairs cuz I left my perfume in my bag. I wore water today, which is Uno Momento loading my Libre Berry Crush. Now, look how much I've used. I've had this 24 hours. Look at that. The reason it's been sprayed so heavily is one cuz I really like it. And two, it's not as strong as the other Libres. It's quite faint, which could be good in summer. Yes. Not too cloying, not too overpowering, but I really like it. But it does not stick around. Like I can still smell it now. So I need to buy a full bottle pretty quickly. I don't think I've gone through this much of a 10 mil for a while. This is what I've got on. I think this is a Kmart job. It's a little bit big for me now. It's a 90 clearly. It's just comfortable to wear when it's hot. So I just threw that on cuz I didn't know what to wear. Did I be B? And you followed me. It's a lot cooler down here. Yes, it is. This little flof flu, you followed me too, darling. Hello. Hi. I love you. Um, I need to get something to eat, don't I, Miss Fluff? Right. First of all, put this back to try very hard not to put this on again tomorrow. I need to just pace myself. All my other options. Someone asked me on Tik Tok today if this is versatile enough for summer and spring. This is Angel Stellar. It's the pistachio one. It's the best one. It's the most recent version. Here's the original. No. Um I would say yes cuz it's got like a cool pistachioy vibe with bur bergamot in the top. But only if you like sweet perfumes. Like if you don't like sweet perfume in spring and summer, it might be too sweet for you. But it's really good cuz Oh, you're still there, darling. You're there following me around like a dog and you're sitting there still. Oh, come on. Got cat hair all over my face. Right, I vlogged for Monday. Tick. Well done me. Four more days left of the week. I still haven't done anything about this rosemary. Oh god, it smells nice. What are we going to eat? What am I going to eat? I'm going to eat this. I cooked this up last week. I'm not going to tell you what the day was that I cooked this. If you watched my last vlog, you might be able to tell. I'm going to eat the rest of this. It's probably good for today, but there's definitely more than one serve in there. I'm actually going to have with it beans, carrots, and I'm going to have a couple of sweet potato fries. Oh, actually, maybe I want jacket potatoes. Got some potatoes that are looking a little bit worse for wear. I'm thinking of cooking both and then I can just reheat tomorrow. Yeah, I'm going to do that. I'm going to stop recording because this is not very exciting, is it? I've got bloody cat hair all over me. So annoying. Okay, I'll come back and show you what I've done. That's how much potato I have. I don't know how what it is actually. I didn't weigh it. I've just eyeballed it, but it's probably I don't know. It's just that's how much potato I've got. And I've just added a tiny bit of butter because who doesn't love butter with their potato? I reckon it'd be about 130 g of mints thereabouts. So, I'm having all that in a bowl cuz I love my bowl food. Also adding my favorite ingredient, one of my favorite ingredients, even though I shouldn't have parmesan. I don't find this to be a huge deal for me digestively. So, I've got And yes, I know that this is the finely grated powdered cheapo parmesan, but hear me out. I think I mentioned this in my last vlog, two vlogs ago. You don't need much. I'll show you how much I use. Actually, I'll weigh it. I'm going to weigh it. 22 calories in 5 g serve. 3 g. I don't often put that much in even. That was a fair bit. It's just like it's a little just a layer of creaminess. I know there's butter in this. I don't usually bother with the butter, but um I just felt like it, so that's what I'm having. I'm also adding Qi. I know another layer of fat, but look, mostly this is a healthy meal and that's not much cupy. I'm going to add I thought I might have had lemon, but I don't. So, I'm going to add just the the you know, it's not the best lemon, but it's it's in a good in a pinch. Just a dribble. And I'm also going to add some parsley. I love parsley leaves. I'm just going to literally break them off. like that. Then I'm going to add salt and pepper. Not too much cuz I've already added lemon juice. There we go. That's a whole sprig of parsley. That's what it looks like. Right there it is. Yum. And then I've also got for my dessert because it sort of feels like a dessert but it's not my gummies and my vitamins. I have a little bowl. Got all my gummies in there. There's six gummies. So I have them in the evenings now. So it feels like I'm having a treat. Wow. Look at that. Would you taste test? Even though I know it's going to be amazing. Yep. I am now going to finish watching Jurassic Park. Then I'm going to finish off my evening editing. I cooked up three potatoes in the microwave. Look how much potato I've got for the next two nights. I reckon maybe three. Needed cooking. Okay, time to eat. I probably should be watching the Olympics. I don't even know how to watch the Olympics. Is it on a channel? It's actually Tuesday night. I'm home from the office, home from work, and I just wanted to show you my outfit because I love it. This is my skirt that I think I wore it last I wore this last week. This exact outfit I am repeating from last week. It's really warm today, actually. So, I need to take it off, but I wanted to show you before that happened. And I don't want to do it upstairs cuz it's really hot upstairs, which makes me very happy that I moved my perfumes before this week because it's going to be like 24 nearly every day. Got the air con on. I'm going to go upstairs and change out of my school clothes and I'll be back. Sad news everybody. I've broken the light that goes on the top of this camera. I'm having a repeat of last night. I've got potatoes, mints, and frozen vegetables. I'm literally going to do exactly what I did last night. These shorts, by the way, are from CottonOn Body. They are about 10 years old, maybe slightly less. And they fit me. And I haven't worn them for ages. They're very tight and short, but they are like cuz it's hot and they're easy to sleep in cuz they're not baggy. I've actually realized that I prefer having tight bed clothing, sleepwear, because when you I toss and turn a fair bit. So, I'm always like getting twisted. You know, when like you finally sit up and you realize that you've got like your piece of clothing's been wrapped around you like four times and you feel like you're in a straight jacket. Definitely in warmer months, I prefer tight clothing, which sounds weird, but I don't know. I just it's just I hate being I just I can't be uncomfortable in bed. It's really it's not a vibe. Everything is precooked. It's just the vegetables I have to heat up in the microwave. It will take me a few minutes. So, I'm going to be eating shortly and I'm very excited. That is my food done. Literally pretty much looks like yesterday's. You could almost take a screenshot and then try and compare the two, but it's pretty much exactly the same. About 130 grams of my mints, 100 gram of potato. I just don't bother weighing the beans or the carrots. I just go by feel. One whole celery stalk, 11 grams of QPI, five grams of Parmesan powder, salt and pepper, and I don't know how much lemon juice, but that's all that's pretty much everything that's in here. I'm also very pleased with myself for overcooking volumewise potato yesterday. Good. Purely because it was convenient. I've just been looking at the schedule for the Winter Olympics. I love snowboarding. I haven't been for years, but I love it. And I really want to watch Scotty James compete in the halfpipe. Qualifying is Thursday morning, our time, 5:30 a.m. The final is Saturday, 5:30 a.m. Obviously, he'll qualify. Like, something bad would have to happen. So, I think I'll probably just watch the replay of the qualification and then just watch the medal event. I don't know how long it'll go for. An hour, two hours. We'll see. We'll see about that. Depends how late nights I have this week. Right. I'm going to eat this. Morning everybody. That tree behind that I don't know if it's a kangaroo or a walabbee. Um, I was going to pick my green gauges this weekend or last weekend after I got back from Bernie. I checked on them before I went to Bernie and I was like, "Oh, they're nearly ready." They're all gone. There was about 35 to 40 little mini green gauge plums on the tree when I left. And when I returned, all bloody gone. It's uh that time of the month for me today. It's just arrived and it's I better get ready for My god. I was about to say school. I better get ready for work. I'll come back later. Oh, it's so dark. My My light's broken. I think I told you that. Hello, everybody. It's so cold today. Oh, so cold. Thursday, Friday Eve. Woohoo. Um, I've I forgot to bring my soup to work. It's in the fridge at home because I left a bit in a rush this morning. So, I had to buy a sandwich from Banjo's and I wanted to get the chicken and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] roll. There was one left and the lady in front of me got it. So, I got a mustard chicken and mustard thing, cheese, tomato, lettuce, mustard, and chicken. Whole meal because they don't do gluten-free bread. Apparently, people that go to bakeries don't want gluten-free bread or sourdough bread. It's got three pieces of bread in it. I wonder if I can I might just do what mom does and remove the bread from like the burger even though it's not a burger. Yeah. Taking that layer off cuz I shouldn't really be having wheat. Should I? It's tasty though. What was I going to vlog about? I don't know. I am I am lost for words. I don't know what I was going to vlog about. This was a super quick hello cuz my battery is about to die. Maybe we'll just vlog later when I get home. Got my hair in a bun. Just washed it this morning and I didn't have time to dry it. So, well, I wasn't planning on drying it. So, it's in a slick low bun. It's actually one of my favorite styles to do when I just can't be bothered because it goes back easily when it's wet. Righty. We'll talk later. Toodles. Evening everybody. It's Thursday night and I am just about to have some dinner. I heated up my soup that I defrosted for lunch. So, I'm having my lunch for dinner. And I actually ate that whole sandwich. It was very nice. There were three pieces of bread in it. And I definitely had one and a half pieces of bread. So, that's not too bad. I don't feel too bad either. even though it was wheat. So, that's pretty good. I'm just waiting for my Wi-Fi to reconnect, weirdly. Uh because I tried to load Foxtail and it just says there's no in connection. I'm about to watch the day one of the Bahrain testing, Formula 1 testing coverage, which is very exciting because it means that Formula 1 is coming back. Then I'm gonna do some editing, of course, because it's a week night. Actually, though, oh, it's working. Oh, thank goodness. Before I do that, I wanted to tell you I've started something new, and I'm really excited about it because I've been wanting to do this kind of thing. Well, for so long. I did have a website. Some of you may have seen it. It's evolved and changed over the years. And at the moment, I don't have one live because I wanted to turn it into more of a blog that coincided with my vlogs and all my other content. And I'm about to lose bloody battery. And the lights just gone really dark because there's it's clouds. Hang on. Hold that thought. We're back. We're back in business. Right. I've just put my little battery in this little carry case charging thingy jig. Love this Amazon. Right. So website currently don't have one. Want to coincide it with my vlogs. So I release blogs and vlogs that are on the same topics or just sit down videos that also have a blog so I can like kill two birds with one stone. I really love writing, creative writing. A fun fact, I actually started doing creative writing as a subject in school in grade 11 and then I changed because why did I change? I don't know. I thought it was going to be different. Whatever. I didn't do it. I think I switched to just normal English because it was going to be a prerequisite university subject. So anyway, I didn't do it. But I do I've always loved creative writing. Even as a young girl, I've made magazines. I've made stories about my dogs, pets, that sort of thing. So, I love creative writing. I made a magazine for one of my projects in grade eight, I think, or grade nine with articles and stuff, but I just it's a lot to maintain. I haven't started doing it yet. I need a bit more time uh to dedicate to doing that because I have to set it up properly. Like, there's a whole thing. I really need to just have someone set up my website properly, which I will do eventually, but for now, I will just do what I'm going to do, which is what I'm telling you now. Um, so I have set up a Substack. If you haven't heard of Substack, it's a new it's an app platform that is it's sort of like social media but for articles and written word, but there's also videos and podcasts on Substack. So, you get a profile, you can post whatever you like. you can follow people. You can also subscribe to people or or publications that you want and you get like more content if you subscribe and that sort of thing. So, I'm going to treat my Substack like a little blog. So, it's sort of like my I'm easing into it and it's a bit easier because I don't have to set up a website. It's just done because it's just like a page and they all kind of look a little bit the sim the same. But the best Oh, oopsie. The best part I've got to stop wobbling the camera. Sorry. The best part is I can if you subscribe is like you can follow someone or you can subscribe. And if if you subscribe, I have a newsletter that I'm going to do every week. And if you choose to subscribe to that, it comes to your inbox. So, you get an email from me every week what I'm thinking, what I'm loving, what I'm not necessarily talking about on YouTube or haven't bought up yet. Just little things that is I can sort of do quicker and also share with you exclusive codes for discounts, promotions for all my affiliate links and all that sort of thing. So, if there's anything that like comes up where there's like I often get emails from some of the brands that I'm an affiliate for and they're like, "Oh, we've got a promo for next two weeks." I'm like, "Oh, well, I can't. That's not going to work timing wise for my YouTube because I edit two weeks in advance." So, some things that I might not reveal or share on YouTube, I will be able to write about those. Anything like deeper reflections, a little bit more behind the scenes sort of thing. if you're interested in in that in what I have to say or little previews or just like a little little update slash I will also probably mention my YouTube vlog of the week and any other videos I'm doing. So, if you're interested, there's a link in my description and I would love for you to subscribe. I'm not going to bombard you with stuff, but I just thought, oh, I've always wanted to have a little like weekly check-in kind of thing. And I also am not just going to do newsletters. I will also post like list article things. Bit of a variation and an addition of some of my videos I do on YouTube that are to do with perfume or beauty or whatever. Whatever floats my boat. That's what I've done. When you watch this, it'll be two weeks after I'm talking about it and I will have hopefully already posted a couple more, but there's only one post on there right now. Jump over to Substack and have a look. Real time updates, kind of like I'm just texting you or emailing you my thoughts for the week and anything that I'm testing, looking at that you will know, I will probably go into more detail about on YouTube. But yeah, so it's like a little preview and the name of it. Oh my god, I almost forgot to tell you the name. It's called The Life Edit by Samantha Rose King. That's all I needed to say. And now my soup's probably cold. And I'm also being really lazy and just using the the bowl. >> I'm just using the bowl that I heated my soup up in. Super lazy. Oh, look. There's someone on the TV with my last name. I never watch TV. Like TV TV. Oh, I've missed the start. No. All right, that's all I had to say. I'll talk to you later. There's my soup if anyone's interested in what it looks like. Okay, bye. Happy Friday, everybody. Look at my Hagrid hair. I just brushed it. It's a little bit fluffy. This is what I did. Uh, I washed it yesterday, put it in a low bun, and then that's how curly it's gone. And I used that Orbe leave-in um air dry like heatless curls product, the yellow bottle. And this is how curly it's gone. And I brushed it out last night and um just then and how fluffy it is. I am wearing a long sleeve pajama top that I've had for years that I had custom monogrammed. I don't even know what the brand is. And I've got my custom made Lily Silk silk pajama bottoms on that I've had since about 2016 before everyone used to know what Lily Silk was. I got pajama bot a pair of custom pajamas which I don't think they do anymore. Maybe they do, but I had mine custom made to fit my length, my body, long arms, long legs. Except I ruined the top um years ago cuz I put it in the wash before they made like washable silk pajamas. I don't think even think they were that expensive. They might have been. And I got a a pillowcase. Anyway, random side note. So, I've got my long winter pajamas on and I've put this robe on this morning. Oh, Mecca beauty parcel is being delivered today. Oh my gosh. Maybe we can open that today. Mecca unboxing. It's 7:30 and it's 8° outside and I need my coffee and I need to get ready because I have to leave the house early this morning because I'm taking my car to get serviced at Audi and Kings Meadows and I need to go early because they have to, you know, you got to do all the paperwork and they've given me a loan car and then I have to drive that back to the city to get to work on time. I probably have to leave at 8:00. So that's in half an hour. Definitely need a coffee. I've run out of coffee beans. So, I'm using my Nespresso pod machine, my backup coffee all this week cuz I haven't placed a Worth order. Which I need to do because I need to get that either tomorrow morning or pick it up today after work after I get the car. Oh my gosh. And today we're going I'm going out for lunch today with uh some people at work for someone's birthday that's tomorrow on Valentine's Day. It's convenient because I won't be taking anything to do any work in my car at lunch and I don't need to take my soup that I've had defrosting cuz I defrosted my last two soups and I will have to have that for dinner tonight. So, I'm going to have to make my soup this weekend, but I'm going to make it with bone broth for the first time. It's exciting. Try that instead. You probably don't need to know any of this stuff, but you know. Happy Friday. Oh, it's so exciting. Running super late, very late. I just need to get my perfume. I've had to throw on this like boulay winter coat because it's really cold. I've got my pretend work pants that are actually track pants. I'm wearing those today cuz it's Friday. And I've got another layer on. And then I've got this cardi that I got. You can't even see cuz it's so bad lighting in here from Kmart. And I've got this coat on. It just it's just cold. I might actually go Libre today for Nika tour because it's a Libre. It's Friday. I'll spray it in the car. I really need to go. I'll talk to you later. Toilet's taking forever. Um I just thought I'd show you my hair. That's my outfit. Finally got the car dropped off. Got a loan car and uh that's it. Happy Friday. I better go to work. Oh. Oh my gosh. It's so hot in this car. I've just picked my car up um from the Audi dealership. And there it is over there. Just had a service. So, I'm in King's Meadows and I'm about to go get my groceries from the King's Meadows Woollies for Click and Collect or like direct to boot and I just thought I'd left my uh license here cuz when when you get a loan car, they need your license to scan all that sort of thing. I was in my bloody jacket pocket the whole day. It's actually really hot and I'm getting a bit sweaty. I'm going to go get my groceries and I'll show you what I got when I get home. And I've got a Mecca delivery to open as well. And I um went out for lunch today with everyone in the office. And we went to Alchemy Restaurant, which is on George Street. And I had Wagu rump steak. It was huge. I didn't eat all the chips, but I ate everything else. Near. Actually, I don't think I ate all the salad, but I had the steak. So, that's my steak for the week done. It was very nice. And yeah, it was really nice to have a little team team lunch. So anyway, um it's really nice day. It's quite warm, 24° right now. So I better go get my groceries. My mobile phone is still in the vehicle. >> Thank you. Right. Oh, it's hot. Everyone's arriving for their quick director to boot. But go get out of the way. You probably can't even hear me cuz I've got the fan blasting cuz it's hot. I'm going to go home cuz I am over the day. Okay, I'm home. I'm inside. Are you all right, darling? Cats have been fed. We've got the air con on cuz it's very warm. I really need to get out of this outfit, which is I've got my track pants on from Halara that have got the darts in the front that look like suit pants, but they're getting a bit loose for me again. Like, they're fine, but when I put anything in the pockets, just sort of weighs them down. So, that's great, isn't it? Um, I'm going to unload the groceries. Let's do that. Actually having my second defrosted soup for dinner tonight. So, that's sorted. sweet potato fries and potato gems for the freezer. That's the only things I got frozen. Two scotch fillet steaks. Obviously, I had a steak for lunch today. So, that's my steak for the week. So, I'm going to freeze these because the last time I had frozen steak from this method, like I just put one of these in the freezer and I defrosted it and it wasn't there was nothing wrong with it. It was fine. Didn't taste weird. Tasted like steak. And this is exactly like probably the best kind of steak to do this with because this was $9 $9. So it's not exactly fine cut very expensive butcher fancy steak. So I'm putting these both in the freezer. I got a bulk pack of chicken thighs. I've only got eight though, which is really annoying. They didn't listen to my instructions and give me like the ones that have 10 in them. So I'm making soup on Sunday because I'm fully out. I actually decided I'm going to go back to having dates when I want something like dessert or sweet because I love dates, natural lollies. So, I'm going to have just regularly buy dates and just have one when I feel like having a sweet dessert. Leak for my soup. Fennel as well. But look at the fennel. Look at the size of this fennel. That's the palm of my hand. Looks like fennel is out of season, maybe. I don't know. Got celery for my soup. Carrots from the Odd Bunch for my soup and other things. I actually I asked for the Odd Bunch lemons, but they obviously just they didn't have any. So, they've given me a bag of lemons, which is fine, but I have those with my steak and other meals and all that sort of thing. I got the Odd Bunch avocados. Look at how many avocados are in there. So many. the odd bunch zucchinis. Sadly, there's only three in here. I usually have five for my soup. So, that's bit annoying actually. Anyway, small bag of baby potatoes so I can have jacket potatoes or just potatoes. Just got some more eggs cuz I've only got two left. I will put these in the little egg container things that I use in in the fridge. So, I'll do that now. Actually, I know I'm not meant to have coconut milk or water or anything coconut related, but I got my favorite coconut milk because I love it. I love it. Two more milks for my coffees. Milk Mab almond milk the best in my opinion. Nearly out of brown sugar, so I got some brown sugar for my coffees in the morning. Got some coffee for my coffees in the morning. Tasmanian Coffee Roasters. So, it's another Tazzy Coffee Company. This is really nice, actually. It's usually at the bottom of the supermarket, like on the bottom shelf. $10. So, I was going to get the bone broth that's like concentrated in the jar, and they were out of stock. So, I decided to get actual bone broth that you don't have to dilute or um add water to. I really wanted to get the jar or the powder, but the powder was $35 and the jar was on special and I had none left. So, these were like $5 each. So, I just got this for one one soup. So, $15. Bit expensive, but Oh, that's been opened. I've got I would not have picked that if I was personal shopping for someone. That's a jar of horseradish, which looks suspicious because that's been opened and someone's Oh my god, I need to take that back. And there's a little divot in there from where someone's tasted that. That's disgusting. Not good enough. Um, so I think I just get a refund. I'll just say it was out of stock. And I got glucosamine cuz I've just run out. And I was using the Swiss version, but this is the same thing. I have one a day. They've got on the label symptoms of mild arthritis, mild joint aches and pain supports supports joint mobility. And I've had hip surgery. So I just take these for my joints and stuff, especially for that region of my body. Vanilla flavor. It's got cartilage growth, etc. So just taking this for that reason. That is it. That's all I got except for that bloody horseradish. Thankfully, I'm not having steak this week, so it's not the end of the world. Can't believe that. As if you'd pick that and go, "Oh yeah, that's a good one." when they did the packing. Gross. And also, who does that? So, I'm going to put everything away, but I also have a Mecca delivery, but I'm not going to open it now. I will open it tomorrow when I can be bothered. Um, so Mecca unboxing will be filmed for Tik Tok and then I'll show you what I've got. I'm a bit headachy and I don't want to do I don't want to test perfumes while I'm headachy. So, it's not going to happen today. I'm going to relax and enjoy my evening. >> Yeah. Okay. I forgot to tell you something today that was really funny. This afternoon, I was walking along the road and someone wolf whistled out at me out of a car. I have not been wo whistled at for many, many, many years. And I was actually really um quite chuffed that I got wolf whistled at which is sounds ridiculous. I know. I was used to that back when I did a lot of modeling on at the V8 supercars and like race car modeling because that's kind of what you expect or what you used to expect back then but or on stage. I did a lot of nightclub modeling competition like heats to get to a national final and that sort of thing and that was sort of normal. Someone wolf whistled at me. I was very happy with that. I was like, "Sure, wolf whistle away." I was not offended at all. I think that's all I wanted to tell you. I'm going to watch the Formula 1. I'm not that hungry to be honest. My body is still digesting that soup that I ate. I mean, steak that I had for lunch. So, I'm not actually that hungry. And what's the time? It's 6:30. The weather at the moment is so weird. So today it was about 24 25°. Yesterday 17 19° cold and this morning I dressed accordingly for another cold day and I am now home and I've got my oh little fluff and also I feel really bad because I didn't put the air con on for these ones. So hopefully you're not too hot my little pet my little smudge. Um, so I've got my Target really soft like bamboo pajama bottoms on, my Kmart slides that are not fluffy on the underside. They're just fluffy on the outside, and just a cotton racer back singlet because it's so warm. So warm. Other thing I realized I haven't done yet is done my empties. And these are all my empties that I have to go through. So I'll go through the best ones probably with you tomorrow cuz I'm also going to make a Tik Tok for it. So, I've got a bit of filming to do, but I haven't done any filming for several weeks. So, that's fine. That's fine. I still need to edit a lot of stuff still. Also, I need to go through my pajamas because I haven't done my pajamas yet since I've lost weight. And I've got so many pairs that I've gone to put on that are too big. So, I luckily did keep some from when I was this size before. So, I've kept a lot of pajamas. Uh, but some of those are still too big. It's a good problem to have. Right, I'm going to go. Are you right there, Fluffy? Wouldn't you be hot with all that fur? I would. Hello. I didn't even know you were up there. Where have you been? Where have you been all my life? >> Focus on to pick that spot as well. Normally, >> good morning. Happy Saturday. Happy way day. Just move that over a little bit. I just need to change. Put my leggings on. Got my sports bra that I'm now wearing for these weighins slash to bed. Um jeez, it's bright, isn't it? It's a little bit late than I would like and I've got a headache. So, I did not sleep in. I woke up at 7. No, 610 to 7. Fed the cats, came back to bed, and then I think I put the TV on and I watched the medal ceremony. I just I couldn't get up early enough to watch the Olympics um the snowboard halfpipe for Scotty James, which was the plan. But I saw him get his silver medal. Devastated, of course, as is all Australians probably. Anyone at least who knows anything about his journey. Look, it's great. Three go three medals. Three Olympic medals for a winter Olympics from an Aussie is pretty good. Would have been nice to see and get gold though. And then I watched the Grand Prix testing week one in Bahrain day three. So I watched that and that's like an hour and a half of footage coverage. So I've been in bed slothing about but I've also got a headache like just here, you know. I need to get some more Botox because I get really bad tension headaches and it helps immensely. So, I need to get some more. Look at my hair. That's from putting it up in a bun last night with the LV extraordinary oil in the ends. Really love the smell. It's not that bad. I was hoping that I wouldn't have to wash my hair today cuz I'm going to film. Maybe I can get away with it. Maybe. Look how fluffy it is. I was 74 kilos last week and I think I gained all the weight that I lost the week before. 74 is what we we're starting with. So, let's let's see how we go this week. Wow. 73.1. So 900 gram. That seems to be my like sweet spot. What's 73.1 kilos in pounds? >> The answer is 161.16. >> 16116. We're going to do my measurements now. Just lost um the bloating around my waist, stomach, sorry. That has all gone down. So that's good. just a couple of centimeters, which you could probably tell if you measured me last week to this week based on the how bloated I was for all that eating of all that food that I'm probably not meant to eat for my digestion. Coffee time. I need a Oh, both my milk jugs are in the sink with water in them. Just put my hair back for a moment so I can focus on the task. It's still Saturday. I had decided that I'm switching my filming days. So, I'm going to film tomorrow or on Sundays probably moving forward or just this year I'll try that instead because usually on a Saturday I really just sort of want to be a bit slower and do not have the pressure of having to do lots of things. Kind of warm in here. And also when I do my hair and makeup or just my hair, then I have it's closer to the work week. So then it'll last a bit longer throughout the week. That's that's my logic. Anyway, I probably won't get to the Mecca unboxing and my empties in this vlog. It'll most likely be in the next week's vlog. Now, for those days where you don't feel like cooking or you're juggling work, life, kids, or you've got health goals in mind, or you have dietary requirements that you can't quite figure out how to manage, or you've recently done a check my body health test, I have a discount code. It's in the description if you want to do that like I did. and you discover all these food sensitivities where you need to like limit certain foods. This is the answer for that. Dynamic is the answer. So, this actually just got delivered to my door. It's a bit of a backstory. I've got IBS. Eating like low FODMAP when I first discovered that's what I needed to do was a little bit daunting, a little bit overwhelming. I didn't have the time to figure out how to cook meals for myself that were interesting, weren't boring, that had all the right flavors, and like just satisfied everything, that were convenient. I actually found this company when I lived in Sydney, and I used to get my food delivered by Dynamic, and these are fresh meals. They're not frozen. Fresh meals. one of the few companies that offers meals prepared that caters to anybody who has a food sensitivity like me. So, I have IBS. I need low FODMAP meals. I've got I'm lactose intolerant. When I discovered that they also deliver to Tasmania, I was so excited. So excited. And obviously also just off the back of me having my check my body health food sensitivity test at home. might be easier for me because I can just cook for myself in bulk. If you have multiple family members and one or two people can only eat certain meals, even just for lunches or meals during the week, emergency meals, I haven't had time to do my meal prep or you're just too busy to cook or you can't be bothered. If you've got something like this ready to go, that's a backup that is friendly to your specific food needs. Game changer. Just when you need a quick, healthy meal that suits your dietary needs. Like, oh my gosh. I actually have a little gift for you as well. So, let's open up. Let's see what I got first. That's how it comes. It's got a little ice block in here. Since I used to order their food, they've changed their packaging. They've rebranded. So excited. So, if you use my code SRK25, you will get $25 off your first and second orders. You have to be a new customer and your minimum spend is $89 Australian. There is a link in the description. If you use that link, it'll auto apply my discount code in the checkout process or you can just enter my discount code. This is all low FODMAP food. So, I got the freerange chicken catchuri, which has they've changed this. It's come comes in a pouch. Two serves. Oh, two of the chicken pad thai. You can also freeze these for up to 6 weeks, but it does have a used by date for like the fresh version if you're not going to freeze this. That's what it looks like. Oh, I love this one. I used to get this last time I used to order from them. This is the beef bolognese and it's a pennet freerange Greek chicken stew with potato wedges. I don't think they had that this time. Last time I was a customer. I'm so excited. I'm going to have some fresh and I think I'll freeze the rest. Free range chicken rotto with vegetables. This I love and I used to have this last time when I used to order from them in Sydney. This is one of my favorites. Really nice. I've got the slowcooked beef with rosemary roast vegetables. Another one that I used to buy. So yummy. Two of those. Free range smoky chicken with roasted chat potatoes and salsa. Yum. I got one freerange maple pork with brown rice and sesame broccoli. I'm not hugely into having rice because it doesn't really doesn't really agree with me, but I thought I'm going to try this because, you know, we'll see how we go. I just got that's why I just got one. The last one I got does not have a label. Maybe it's I just ran out of labels. Sweet sour pork with rice noodles. There you go. I'm excited. I think I might even have one of these tonight for dinner. I've got 14 meals. 14. And it was really easy actually. There were three days I could get my food delivered. Like there were three options for delivery. And I just got a text message the night before to say it was on the way with a tracking link. And then I also got a text message once the driver had dropped off the food. I love cooking. You know that. You also know that I can be very lazy. But I also love meal prepping. So, how many times have I said this is an emergency meal? Few too many times. And there's nothing wrong with my emergency meals. These will just ensure that sometimes I don't even need to do that. I can just whack this in the microwave or if I have not meal prepped, haven't gotten to the supermarket. Essentially, I'll have a steak during the week, something else that's like maybe fish and chips or something in the air fryer just for variety, and then I've got four or five meals that I can choose one of or two of these during the week. And then I will probably meal prep one thing. So, I'm going to have plenty of variety. I really love having flexibility. I love being able to cook cook if I want to or just zap and reheat food if I want to. So, and I can't wait to hear what you've decided to try first. If anyone gets Dynamic, let me know. Oh my gosh, they're so yummy. And also, you know what else is really good about Dynamic? They're not frozen, so it's very fresh food. There you go. You're welcome. Okay, now I need to put these away. Oh my gosh. Take them out. You hungry? Speaking of food, I'm going to go feed the cats. Is it time to feed the cats? No, it's 4:30, right? So, I'm going to go back to what I was doing before that delivery came, washing and editing. I need to take this dress off cuz I've been sitting down and it's a bit sweaty. You know how I've been telling everyone that I am a not a morning person and you know I'm always late and just like certain things about my identity or what I believe myself to be core beliefs I have that I tell people. One of which is that I'm not a morning person. I think I've mentioned this a few times over the last six months that I've been joking that I need to get like get hypnotized because I don't know what else to do. Something I haven't ever mentioned though is that I've always been really into manifestation and subconscious mind, all that sort of stuff. I don't really know how to eloquently explain this. probably for the last six months or so, I've been doing a lot more research in manifestation. I firmly believe that like if you really like start looking into it and researching, there's a lot of scientific information about it, but essentially we are all products of your core beliefs that have you have about yourself and your emotional experiences form at a subconscious level. So like not a conscious level like now where I'm conscious down below subconsciously it it dictates everything in your life. I'm not going to go into it too deeply. Maybe I can I can eventually but I'm still kind of looking into how I can weave this into my life. So I won't like harp on about it. But if you're interested let me know in the comments and maybe we can start a conversation down there about it for now. I do talk about this in my Substack, my the life edit weekly newsletter. Something that I have wanting been wanting to do that I've been really interested in doing that ties into all of this is the idea that you can change your core beliefs. The way you think of yourself, see yourself, your the way you associate yourself with other people. For example, I'm always unlucky in love. I'm not a morning person. and I'm always going to be overweight. All those sort of I guess negative thoughts you can replace and train your subconscious to you can basically upgrade all of those beliefs. A lot of people refer to them as limiting beliefs. You can change those. And the way that you do that most effectively is with sleep subliminals. If you're interested in learning more about that, like I'm just learning about it now. I've been aware of it and like into learning about it and open to knowing more about it for years. And that's probably because I am I'm one of those people that sees 11-11. I see 123. I see 444 when I used to have a CD player in my car. If this has ever happened to you, let me know. Where you turn off the like you're playing a song, you're driving along and you turn it off and then on the radio is the same exact song. Like that's happened to me so many times. Same thing with like picking up the phone and calling someone and it doesn't ring because they've called you at exactly the same time. There's another funny story I always love to tell. My sister and I have very similar fashion scents, tastes very similar. So we will when we were younger, we often used to buy the same things. And when my sister lived in Queensland and we were up in Queensland one one holiday, she got ready at her house for the day and came to us where we were staying and we both had the same clothes on right down to the earrings and the handbag and the shoes, exactly the same outfit and we did not see each other that day. It was just like we are connected at some level. I really believe all that stuff. Like I don't I don't care if people think I'm woo woo or weird. Like I think it's all true. Manifestation is real. We are always manifesting. Manifestation is happening at a momentto moment basis. So whether or not you actually manifest what you want versus other things, circumstances that you aren't that aren't desirable, it's all to do with your subcon subconscious mind. And it also all comes back to positivity. And like my takeaway at the moment is circumstances don't matter. You always have to be thinking positively that something that you want is already there. So you have to have a positive emotion to then it's very I'm not going to go into anymore. So I follow someone on YouTube that I just discovered this week and hang on what's his name? Uh his name's Dylan James and if you're interested go and check his YouTube out because he's got a lot of um educational videos if you scroll to the bottom about this topic. So, it might be hard for you to grasp if you've never learned anything about it. But because I've been interested about it, reading about it, listening about it, podcasts for years, maybe for the last 12 to 18 months, I've been heavily like more interested in it, I've decided that it's time to take action and actually do something about it. I discovered his YouTube, Dylan James' YouTube by chance. I just stumbled across it. So obviously I've manifested that and he has eight hour sleep subliminals on his channel and if you want more information like let me know and we can talk about it in my next vlog. But I have been listening to those this week when I sleep. I've already noticed changes. The speed of change obviously depends on each person the individual but I've already noticed like differences. At the risk of going in too deeply, there's different types of messages that you can retrain your brain with your subconscious. So, anything that you've got that's limiting belief about yourself at a core level, the idea is that you can change the messaging to retrain and reframe your subconscious mind and change your belief. So, it's basically like when you have an iPhone and you get a new iOS update. So it changes how it works. Sleep subliminals or just manifestation in general, but sleep subliminals is a huge part of it. And that is like just upgrading your software, your operating system. I am looking forward to not associating myself with someone that overeats. And you can do this for any type of part of your life. Money, relationships, career, general, posit like you know um just confidence, anything, anything. It's limit limitless everyone. You are limitless. Anyway, I'm very excited because I have already noticed a difference when I wake up and I'm going to sort of cycle through all the different um types of subliminals that I'm interested in. The first one is like an everything well-rounded foundational subliminal that just helps rewire your brain at a more like positive angle for everything. And it's like I don't want to go too deep into this, but if like I might be talking in riddles here or sound really nuts, but like I I I get it. So if anyone watching already gets it and knows, let me know. So eventually I'm thinking I might even make my own. So, it's my own voice telling me all these things and they're basically like things that are just repeated and they're they're affirmations. When you go on the Dylan James YouTube channel, in his first comment of his videos for his sleep subliminals and also all his other manifestation videos where it's just like a loop in the comment he puts all the affirmations that he reads out. So, um, I listen to the ones that have music over the top. So, I'm not like laying in bed listening to like voices. You have it really quiet, so you can't hear it. The idea is though, and there's videos about how this all works. Your subconscious picks it up, but your conscious mind probably wouldn't pick it up. So, that's the idea is it's super quiet. So when you're asleep, when you are at your most um the state where your subconscious is doing all the work, when you're asleep, that's when it's optimal to do this. So I am going to train myself to be a morning person. I'm also going to use it for my eating habits and my thoughts and associations around food because obviously that's a huge part of my journey right now. And then I'm going to do career and money. I'm just I'm look I'm going to have a huge in glow up this year. And if you thought last year was a huge change for me, you ain't seen nothing yet. So yeah, I'm really excited actually because it all finally is clicking into place and I am I'm already feeling so much better after five nights, six nights of listening to these subliminals. So, I really needed to tell you that because it's I'm sure there's some of you that would be interested. Also, by the way, I'm really sorry if that fan is annoying you, but it's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hot up here. So, I had to I had to have the fan on. That's it. We're going to end this vlog because it's bloody long, I reckon. Uh, I've got to go feed the cats cuz it's 6:30. Make sure you go check out my Substack. I have just posted a my first ever weekly like newsletter post and I will try to do that every that'll be every week. So if you're interested, don't forget to subscribe to it. Don't just follow me. You have to like subscribe. So then you get it in your email inbox. And if you're interested in dynamic, please check it out. Um Oh my god, I'm losing my voice. Right, I've got so much to get through for the for the rest of my day. So I love you all so very much. Thank you for being here. Thank you for watching. Thank you so much for the likes and the hypes and the support. And I will see you in my next video.

- 6 Months on Mounjaro | WEEK 24 Update, Mindset & Struggles: Kind: captions Language: en Oh, my 6 monthth anniversary and I've lost 24 kilos. Woo! Yes. I'm so excited. How? Where do I start with these shoes? Chic. Does that make sense? Can you see? It's hard being perfect all the time. 24. Foxes. Choppy chomp. Anyway, anyway, whatevers my age yada yada blah blah blah. I am so sloppy and comfortable. What an idiot. Not in the bag. Drama. Looking at me. Looking at you. Say goodbye to your friends. Old habits. No. Honestly, you'll survive. [laughter] [sighs and gasps] >> Hello everybody. Welcome to a brand new vlog. Welcome back. I don't actually know what the week is. I think it's week 24 or 23. 24. 23. Don't know. It's very late. I've actually been filming a lot of content today. And I just got back from Kmart. I filmed some Tik Toks. I went to Kmart cuz it's a 24-hour Kmart. And I went really late because I had to film some content for Kmart for a social media campaign. And I thought, "Oh, yeah. I'll go I'll go at night when it's really quiet cuz it's a long weekend." Um, but I didn't know that you can't try clothes on, not during like normal business hours. [sighs and gasps] So, I didn't get [clears throat] to try anything on. And I bought a whole bunch of stuff and I have to return most of it because it's the wrong size. Doesn't fit. don't like it. Blah blah blah. But anyway, uh we're going to do my injection really quickly cuz I'm running low on on battery and it's quite late. It's like after midnight, so I'm going to go to bed. Uh I'm so tired. I'm a bit headachy as well, but I've just washed my hands. There's not much else to report except for it's a long weekend. Tomorrow is Australia Day. I've got the day off obviously because I wouldn't be going to Kmart at midnight if I didn't have the day off tomorrow so I can [clears throat] sleep in. So that's good. I've got so much to do tomorrow though. I didn't I got a lot done today but I've still got a lot left to do. Anyway, who would have thought this time like by now I'd just be able to do this like on auto. Woohoo. Probably shouldn't do that because of the cats. I've had a very busy day. I've done filming for YouTube, filming for Tik Tok. I've moved my perfume [clears throat] collection. That is now downstairs because it's too hot upstairs. 3 2 1. Oh, I'm about to lose battery. That's it. Done. I will see you in the morning. Time for bed. Bye. Hopefully that doesn't bruise that time cuz I bruised it last time. If anyone [clears throat] has cats, you can relate potentially. Maybe dogs when you're like snuggle with them or cuddle with them and then you feel like you've just you're covered in hair. I just feel like my face is covered in cat hair. I've got to show you my pajamas like full length. Hopefully you can see me because of the sun that's pouring in. It's not exactly good lighting cuz I'm probably like half blown out. Hang on. Oh, is it still there? Oh no, it's gone. There was a wal walabe in the backyard before. That's better. Maybe you can. Now you can see. Can you see me? My slippers. These are really comfortable. I've got to make this bloody soup before it's too late. I actually just laid in bed for an hour. It's 7:00. But good news, I have one of those choppy chop things that I'm going to fast track my make soup making. Really does speed everything up. Just slap that down. And you can change these. that it's like diced so much easier and faster. You get all these attachments that come with it and you've got like the little mandolin, you know, do I'm not going to tell you my soup recipe because [snorts] you've seen it before and I actually just posted a Tik Tok for my soup recipe. So you if you want it, it's there. These thighs that have been in the fridge for a few days and they're starting to smell a little bit. So hopefully I'm not going to make myself sick. I also have mints that I need to cook for the rest of the week. So, I got to do that, too. I will come back once I've done it because I don't want to bore you to death. Hi, everyone. Hello. Hello. 10 6 on Wednesday, and I've just gotten home, fed the cats. I thought I'd just show you my outfit cuz I'm wearing this cute little polka dot dress. This is I think a sheen she in don't know how to say it dress. I think it's sheen. Basically, just this. I didn't even need an extra layer. It was really hot today. I think it was 28 or 29. And at the moment, it's 28° outside at 6:00. I've left the house pretty much closed up because I didn't want it to be too hot today for the little fairy friends for my little fur babies. So, I left the blinds all down, but luckily it's cloudy, so it's not exactly pouring sun pouring in type of weather. I want to make the the time period between when I don't need air con and when I do need air con as long as possible because it's quite expensive having the air con even on a timer. Anyway, there's another way. I forgotten why I was going to come on here. What was I going to tell you? I don't know. Here's me vlogging. I think actually though I do need the air con cuz it's I'm feeling really hot. But it's potentially cuz I'm in the window where the sun's coming in. Let's turn the air con on on. I made my soup last night. I didn't show you. I was too bloody tired. I did my mints prep. I've got to edit the vlog for this week. Got lots of editing to do as per usual. And so, when I started editing last week's vlog, I realized that I had my camera, this bloody camera. I had it set to like the wider angle mode, which is this, which is like fine if you're on a tripod, but when you're using handheld holding the camera, you need to have it on a different function, which zooms the camera in slightly and it allows it to be steady shot. So, it's like a tighter angle. It's a bit more cropped. You're probably used to seeing me more like that, like this. [sighs] So, I filmed a lot of my last two vlogs, I think, in this mode where the camera footage is really shaky. God, honestly, I had 3 weeks off and you would think that I forgot how to do this to do this. So, sorry. Sorry about the footage from my last vlogs, my last two vlogs because they're probably really motion sickness triggering atrocious quality. So, sorry. Sorry about that. It's far better though when holding the camera. It's a better angle. It's just annoying that it's not great when you're holding it cuz it's wobbly. Back in bed. I am back in bed. And oh, I'm banging that little thing. I'm doing some editing. It's 9:00. I really should be going to bed early tonight because I've had way too many late nights. But this is an update. Mjaro update. Warning. I'm going to talk about food. I am so bloated and full and I don't know why. I Well, I think I know why. I think I made So, where do I start? I think my food that I had for dinner was healthy and fine and not in any way like an aggravating meal. I had diced sweet potato steamed in the microwave, frozen beans and frozen carrots steamed in the microwave. About 50 g of each, but probably 100 g of sweet potato that needs eating. It's been in the fridge for a while. It's fresh. Not fresh anymore. with my mints, pork mints, chicken mints, and a little bit of Parmesan cheese powdery stuff. Qy, that's it. But when I was eating it, I was like, I am getting really full. But this is healthy. I need fuel and I'm going to keep eating it, which is my old habits. I didn't stop when I felt full. I thought, "No, keep eating it." Cuz you served it for yourself. And to be honest, I used a big bowl and I had double the amount of sweet potato that I needed. And I had 130 grams of chicken mints. Chicken and pork mints, sorry. And I probably only needed 100 g. I feel like someone's I'm a balloon. I feel like a balloon. It's shocking. And like I feel really sluggish, lethargic, gassy, but like pressur just I feel bloated. And all I had was vegetables and chicken and pork mints. Barely any like additives like only a bit of QP added and parmesan. And that's not going to affect me. Like that's fine. I I was not This is so This is the only thing that's annoying me about being on 2.5. It's not strong enough for me to I don't know. Tonight I just ignored all of the things that I've learned about how I should be eating mindfully. As in, eat slowly, keep an eye on how you feel. If you feel really full, stop eating. You don't need to eat it all in one go. So, I literally could have put that in the fridge and had it tomorrow for leftovers instead of forcing myself to eat it. Anyway, um just an observation because Oh, look at my little cute my little alpha alpha sprout. It's an observation because this is this is Oh my gosh. So, actually, I'll probably the the title and the thumbnail are probably going to say this, but I' it's I've just realized that this is my sixth month. Does that make sense? So, the end of this week will be my six month mark. [laughter] Six months on Malara. I just thought, look, I need to share that because not every day is perfect. Not every week is perfect. I'm still learning. I'm only human, as my mom would say. It's hard being perfect all the time. Like, I was not listening to my body tonight. I just ate. I just like was like, "No, it's healthy. I'm hungry. I'm going to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] eat it. Eat it." But I didn't need to eat it all. I should have shown you the volume of food I ate. That was an old me serve. I'm just downloading my um footage from last week's vlog. Next week's vlog. Wait, the vlog I've just finished filming. Yeah, last week's vlog. Oh my gosh. I've actually got a confession to make. I haven't been editing. I've been downloading footage, which has taken me a good hour and a half sorting stuff out. I've been doing a few other like admin things, but the editing part that I actually really needed to do, I haven't touched And it's 9:09. Yeah, I instead decided to This is my problem. I like eating while watching a TV show, which I probably need to I need to stop eating in the lounge room because when I sit in the couch and eat, I then go, what can I watch? I've got to watch a show while I have my food. It's like a habit. It's a bad habit because I don't focus on my food and then I just keep watching said show. And usually the shows I choose are 1hour episode type shows. They're not like sitcom 20 minute shows. Bing bang boom like I watch drama, you know, crime drama, UK drama, whatever. At the moment I'm watching The Night Manager on Amazon Prime. Really good, by the way. Really, really bloody good. This is a long story, but basically what I need to do is have my meals at the kitchen table and then do something productive instead of but I do like watch. So I the way I unwind and relax is I sit and watch TV. And I'm sure that's not I'm not alone. I know I'm not alone. It's just really hard when I have things that I really should be doing and could be doing that I know that I should be doing and could be doing, but I procrastinate doing those things. Instead, I just watch TV cuz I can't be bothered cuz I'm exhausted and mentally drained. [sighs and gasps] Anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, do my injections on a Saturday in a row. Two nights in a row. Um, we've been we've been watching TV and I literally just ended my last cute. I don't usually vlog in this room. It's actually 8:00. It's Thursday night and I wasn't actually going to vlog tonight cuz I've got so much editing I want to catch up on. I'm about to get into bed. I've been wasting a bit of time scrolling on social media. Don't really like my hair like that. Watching um The Night Manager, which I'm up to season 2, halfway through that season. I just noticed that there's a couple of walabes. I've got cat hair over my all over my face. I think they're walabbees. I think their legs are too short to be kangaroos. So, I think they're walabbees, which are like native to Tasmania, just FYI. We usually only find them in the wild in Tazzy, probably in zoos and stuff. Um, but we also have kangaroos in Tasmania. It's a male out there with his little young family. So, anyway, I just Oh, I love it. It's one of the things I love about living here where I live, the wildlife. Because when I lived in Sydney and Melbourne, any cities for that matter that weren't rural, you don't see things like this. You see rats. When I lived in London, you saw foxes. It's really nice, actually. Even though they poo all over the lawn and they get in through the back fence, there's a hole. That's how they get in cuz it's fenced in. But I don't want to patch the hole up because I love having them in the backyard. It's just so nice. There he goes. and they go down to the front and then they hop around the neighborhood and then they come back. Summers when it's really hot, I'll have one or two in the back garden in the shade. It's like a little private villa. Anyway, be that whole time has been cleaning herself. I'm just out here as well looking at my green gauge tree which is literally just here. Green gauge tree. And it's got so much fruit on it because in winter I trimmed this tree right back. I don't think I took any photos. Maybe I took some photos. Fully pruned the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of this tree just here. And this is a green gauge. It's a type of stone fruit. Little tiny green. They're like plums, but they're really sweet. And last year I think I had five fruit. Five total on the whole tree. It's huge. It's like a twotory tree. This year I think I counted about 30 to 40 fruit which is really cool, really exciting because all I had to do all it needed was trimming evidently. Oh. Oh, there's two. Oh, one just hopped that way and the other one just hopped that way. Big one. There it goes. What do you think, Bee? And then Fluffy, what are you doing? Fluffs and Fluffy's vomit. furball there from the day. I've got to clean that up, too. Yes. You always do it on the carpet, don't you? You're very You're an overachiever. Really not a fan of this thing on the wall that I inherited when I moved in. I probably could just peel that off to be honest with you. I don't know why I'm vlogging in the dark. No idea. Oh, yes. I came up here to look out on the lawn to see the walabbees. That's one of the favorite spots of the cats on that perch. Oh, it's just there. Hello. >> Hi. Looking at me. Looking at you. That's a big boy. You tell him, Fluffy. You tell him. Hello, everyone. It's Friday. Happy bloody Friday. I'm wearing a repeat outfit. I just edited week 22. I bought this in week 22 to work and I thought, "Oh, I love that outfit. It's so chic." Shink. So, I'm just about to head out the door. My Louis Vuitton all in. This is a skirt and button-up top, vest, sleeveless situation. Uh, that's pretty much all you need to know. And I have really oily hair. needs a wash, but I've just decided to brush it and put it behind my ears. I'm wearing Jimmy Chew. I want you because if you know, you know. Mustache. I feel like that's all I do is come on here and say I'm running late. Oh, and then we've got little Miss Shoe Fetish down here. She's about to start molesting my shoes I wore yesterday. Oh, it's blown out. Oh, earrings. I might put my little Gucci's on. Going to put these on today. I got my macro mic delivery yesterday and I had a smoothie this morning in a new flavor which was birthday cake. It's like the limited edition flavor. Really nice. Very delicious. I bought a lot. I've got this is the flavor I had. Really quite nice actually. It's a limited edition. I don't know how similar this is to buttercream frosting, which I also got in an 800 g. This was free because I bought all these. And this is a 400 g chalk peanut butter cup flavor peanut butter protein. I'm a huge fan of chocolate protein. But anyway, got one of my other faves, the Muros, absolute fave, Golden Gay Time. I got a huge 800 g size. And I worked out that this would last me more than just over 3 months as my weekly um morning breakfast. 3 months. And they were having a sale. Oh, and I got this spray as well. This protein bar cake. Right. Clean my teeth. I'm leaving all the blinds down because it's going to get warm. Hello. Hi. Hello. Hello. I'm just going to move you back a little bit. I just filmed a chemist warehouse haul for Tik Tok and I use the Tik Tok app and I don't usually use the Tik Tok app because it's really annoying cuz it reverses everything. Um, so when you hold up products, you can't see it's all like mir a mirror. I generally don't care. It doesn't affect me because I'm used to seeing how I look on screen constantly from um the perspective of my YouTube channel. Anyway, I've digressed already. Hello. It's Friday night. I've eaten. But cats are fed. I got home late, which I'll tell you why in a second. I was going to vlog after work. And I totally forgot in all honesty. All I wanted to do was get what I had to do done. Does that make sense? Yes. And get home because it's Friday. I finished work half an hour late. Anyway, I had a few errands to run. One of which was going to Chemist Warehouse. And this is the bag I've already unboxed. Unboxed. I've already like everything's not in the bag, but Chemist Warehouse haul. I actually went to get probiotic, prebiotic gummies for my sister. They didn't have them in stock. So, I naturally was there and I thought, well, I'm just going to peruse. There are a few things I need. And one of which was multivitamins. I've just run out of my women's multi. And I was just going to get the same ones. And then I thought maybe I'll look and see what's available cuz it's there. If you've ever been to a chemist warehouse, you'll know there's a lot of options for like vitamins and stuff, lots. And it's very overstimulating. And I came across this brand and this brand. These are gummies. And I did do the gummies when I first started my Maljaro journey. And then I decided I didn't like gummies because I'm not a lolly person. And it's kind of like a huge effort to have to have like four or five lollies a day sweets when you're just not ever inclined to have any. Like I just don't very rarely ever have sweets. Lollies. Never have. Never been into them. Maybe when I was little, but most of my life. No. Not interested. For some reason, I thought, "Yeah, I'm going to have some gummies." I got this brand, which is new, Jen Gummies. They had a deal which was 2 for 30. So, I thought, "Yes, bloody hell yes." So, I got the ones that were formulated for millennials. One's a multivitamin and the other one is collagen. The collaged one also has retinol in it and vitamin C. Oh my gosh. Biotin and few other things, potassium. This one is formulated for millennials to complement your dynamic lifestyle. Whether you're conquering the boardroom, the yoga mat, or your next adventure, aimed at my age people. Millennials 1981 to 1996. Apparently, mainly about energy levels, heart, immune system, cognitive function, yada yada. So, I got these two instead instead of the Swiss women's multivitamin, which is what I was taking, one per day. I don't want to have like something that I have to take more than once a day. That just pisses me off. So, anything that's a one a day or like two in one hit, that's what I'm all about. So, I got these. But really, what I wanted to find was a pre and probiotic in one hit. And I thought, actually, maybe I'll go a gummy because, you know, why not? So, I got these. This was in the same area in the aisle as this brand, Jen gummies. And there were loads of other like there was different every all generation types had like their own gummy version, but there was also like ones aimed at kids. There was a sleep one. There was vitamin C. Like there was lots. Anyway, this one is Novoman's Novman's nutrition, but this is high strength, which is what caught my eye cuz originally I was going to get the Swiss ones, the big giant bottle. And they are half the strength of these, less than half. This is 5 billion whatevers per serve. And the ones I was going to get from Swiss were like two billion. Five. So, I thought, yeah, I'll try these. You have two creamy soda flavor, papaya flavor, and these are raspberry. So, these are my new now like vitamins that I'm taking. What else did I get? I got two other things. I got the LV midnight serum, extraordinary oil midnight serum because this is meant to be the dupe for the keristas 8hour whatever the serum is that you put in before bed, the overnight serum that is really good apparently, but that's very expensive. And this is owned by Keristas. And I thought I'm going to try try this type of hair product cuz I don't usually put serum in my hair at night or oil. You don't have to wash this out. It meant to absorb like you your hair is meant to be able to absorb it. You only put it in the ends. So I'm going to try this and if it works, I don't really see the need to get the most expensive version of the same product. So, this might be slightly less potent, but I imagine it's a very similar formula or like sciencebacked formula. So, anyway, I'm going to try this and I will let you know how it goes. I just decided to stay with the L'Oreal brand. This is a refill. You might remember me telling you about this last time I bought it. I've actually just for Tik Tok put it on the back of my hand. So, there it is dry. This is a 50 plus high protection tinted fluid, but it's also got nyinomide and glow pigments. Obviously, it claims to cover and correct even tone and fade dark spots. I got the light shade. Cover and protect your skin. yada yada blah blah blah. In my new skin looks perfected, even toned, glowy, and more radiant. Well, I can actually attest to that because I'm surprised how much I like this product. It's actually really good. And on days where I have good skin and I can't be bothered putting proper foundation on, I put this on and I use my Hourglass concealer to like do the middle of my face under my eyes very lightly and I feel like that's perfect. It's enough for me. When I've got like more blemishes or like I'm needing a bit of a boost, I will use like foundation. I have gone through this. Non-sticky, non oily, doesn't clog pores, suitable for sensitive skin. In one month, dark spots are visibly faded. Skin smith feels smoother and looks younger. Apparently, that was in a clinical trial over four weeks. That's it. And if you're interested in how much that cost me, because these were 2 for 30. That's why I got two. It was a deal. So, this was very affordable compared to a lot of the other brands. I got both of those. These were $16ish. $16. The midnight serum was $16. This was the most expensive product. $33. It doesn't look like there's much in here, but it lasted me a long time. Bright reveal. And then I came home and I have to post my vlog tonight. I haven't finalized half of it. So, I've actually got a lot to do. I should have taken you to Chemist Warehouse. I've bloody just I didn't have any handsree. I just went in with my my phone and my keys and I then I had like all this stuff and I was, you know, shopping and I couldn't hold everything. I didn't want a basket cuz that meant I would have added more to it. I just wanted to come home and I so sorry cuz I probably should have vlogged with you while I was out and about. But anyway, you'll survive. Tomorrow I will probably finish this vlog because I need to pack for Bernie because I'm going to Bernie next week for the week. I'm actually going this time for work. So, uh, I need to pack. I haven't even thought about packing. I've got to throw a load of washing in. Probably just reconvene with you in the morning when I do my weighin and then we'll carry on with the day. Jeez. Okay, I will see you tomorrow. Hello everyone. Good morning. Happy weigh-in time. It's weighing day. It's Saturday. Look at my hair. I used that overnight serum on my hair and then I've just brushed my hair with the um Vaos. My hair is very oily at the roots. It needs a wash. Mind you, the ends do feel less dry than they usually do. Like [snorts] they actually feel quite nice. So, and look at this curl that's come in just from that serum in my with my hair in a bun. If you're a fan of like overnight heatless curls, that serum is really good in unintentionally to like lock in curl. I've also obviously not got my weigh-in uniform on. Just got my PJs that I got in Target before Christmas, so I'm going to change just so we keep everything the same. My hair is so desperate for a wash. I think I've made it last all week. And by last, I mean just like not washed. [laughter] I don't really know if I need to do these weighins anymore. [sighs] Do you still want me to keep doing these? Do you like them? Like I've hit my goal weight, so even if I lose another couple of kilos, it's not going to be like drastic or huge. I don't know if it's necessary, but then again, it's still I'm still on Mjaro, so I guess maybe until I'm not on Mjaro. Even then, I should be probably weighing in to keep an eye on how I go when I'm off Mount Jaro. So, anyway, comment down below if you've got any suggestions or if you care or don't if the wanes aren't recorded on camera for you. I'm happy doing them. I just don't know if they're required anymore. Last week I weighed in at 74 on the button. On the button. [clears throat] A what? No. How? I have not made any effort at all. I have been eating my meal prep. I've been eating snacks. I've had chocolate every night. I've just lost 1.2 kilos this week. >> [snorts] >> Wow. I mean, great. But so 72.8 [snorts] What's 72.8 kilos in pounds? >> It's 160.5 lb. >> 160 lb. And what about 1.2 kilos in pounds? >> The answer is 2.65 lb. >> I've lost 2.65 lb or 1.2 2 kilos and I now weigh 160.5 lb or 72.8 kilos since Christmas. I hit my goal weight, but then I had 3 weeks of like gain because I was eating a lot of food and celebratory meals and stuff. And then I've come back to like normal what I was doing last year. I've forgotten to adjust my like calorie goal for the day. So, I'm going to do that. If I just go to calculator.net net looks like that. And then you put in your information. I'll figure that out during the week because this coming week or in the next vlog, I'm in Bernie with staying at mom's for the week for work. So, she's going to sort all my evening meals. I just have to meal prep on Sunday tomorrow. When I get to mom's for my lunches to take to work, I've got smoothies for breakfast. We might eat at a restaurant or we'll have like there's someone's birthday next week. So, it'll be a week of just eating whatever pretty much for one meal of the day and maybe some snacks, maybe some extra coffees. Got no idea. Possibly even alcohol. And you know that I'm not a huge drinker. Like, I barely have alcohol. I am going to get coffee as per usual. Oh, no. I'm not. Bloody hell. What are you doing? How many [clears throat] times have you done this? Well, virtually lost a centimeter off everywhere. Pretty much, give or take. Right. I do need to Oh, I just accidentally zoomed you right in then. Oh, today's the six month mark. Oh my gosh, it's 6 months today. It's my 6 month anniversary and I've lost 24 kilos. 24.2 actually, but 24 kilos in 6 months. That's [snorts] 4 kilos a month. Is that right? Anyway, coffee time. desperately in need of a coffee. My gosh, I'm so hungry as well. I've literally put my hair back up and changed back into my pajamas because I just want to be sloppy and comfortable this morning while I enjoy my coffee before I get going. It's now 9:00, so it's pretty good for me. I've just realized how much cat hair I've got on my um pajama top. Just ignore that. >> Oh, hey Fluffy. Let's get two weeks ago vlog posted. That stuff's meant to go in the shed and it's been now sitting there for nearly 2 weeks cuz she sleeps on it. I will open the blinds. I just I just need my coffee and then I'll deal deal with all that stuff. Oh, you know what I can do? I can lean you. I've just um dropped my phone through my legs because I can't like I'm used to not having a crack here. [laughter] That's happened a few times recently. I've got my new Did I show you this? I must have done in my last vlog. Yes, this Kmart candle dip teique dupe for this is the bay one. So, black currant and rose. Oh my god, this is actually really good. And it comes with a lid. I'm pretty sure the Dip Teique ones don't come with a lid. So, I've I've burnt this much. It doesn't burn as well. Like, as you can see, it's I tried to burn it to the edges and it just wouldn't bloody do it. But, oh my god, it's so accurate. The smell is really close. Yesterday, when I went into Kmart, they didn't have any left. So, I must have been really lucky when I went on um when I went on Monday night. They obviously had just put them out. When I went back yesterday, they didn't have any. I looked very, very impressed with it. But I just realized that you're a really good height as a tripod. So, I can just sit sit you there. This is now staying here. This candle. I'm going to pack for Bernie. And I thought maybe I should film this. I'm not packing packing in my suitcase yet. I'm doing that tomorrow morning at the last minute. So, the cats are not as uh suspicious. Mind you though, they're pretty smart, so they'll probably work it out anyway. Basically, I haven't washed my hair. I've just been doing live admin and editing all day, and it's 4:30 p.m. The cats are starting to harass me to be fed because I'm here, even though they don't get fed till 5:30, 6:00 normally. I need like five workday outfits and then I need some like socialing socialing uh after work attire. And I actually don't even know what the weather is going to be like. Let's have a look. It's actually going to be low 20s here next week. Let's look at Bernie. Oh, Monday it's going to be 16 tomorrow. 199 19 Wednesday 23 20 19 21. So, a couple of degrees five or so five five or so degrees cooler, right? Okay. I know there's things I certainly want to take regardless. So, I'll get those out first because like that's easy. Generally, I like to pack in like outfits or at least I keep like my color scheme very similar so I know everything will go with everything, you know. I'm taking my new jeans from Kmart, two cardigans, new H&M top, two knitted teas, this one. This is like a 3/4length knitted top. No, I don't know if I want that red t-shirt. I might actually take a dress to wear to work so then I don't need as many like tops for work. That'll work. Work, work, work, work, work. I'm going to take my H&M dress that I got in Hobart. quite plain, simple, classic. It would double up as if I don't wear it to work, I could wear it elsewhere at another time. I'm going to take this skirt that I love that I literally wore yesterday. I've already washed it. I could even take that top that I wore with it as like an outfit. Ooh, yes. I'm going to take that with it. So, I've got like a I've got one outfit done. Nice. Love that. For me, this skirt will go with any of those tops if I don't want to wear this on the day cuz I will definitely need like a cardigan, which I've got two of. I've got this sleeveless knitted top, vest, singlet vest, whatever. That would also go with a number of things. Could even wear it with my jeans. And I'm actually probably going to take this top too with I might even take these pants cuz these are nice like breezy. Can you even see my shorts? Yeah, you can see my shorts. That's definitely enough tops. [snorts] I prefer to have more options, especially when I'm going for a week. I just don't want to be in on in the situation where I don't know what to wear. If I stick to like the black palette with browns and probably red, that'll be easy. Speaking of, I'm actually going to take my nude Kmart dress with the built-in bra, but this will be for like if I go out for tea or anything or whatever. I'm also taking for probably the same reason this dress that I got from Cupshi with the lace at the bottom. I really love how this fits. It's really like flattering. So, I'm going to take that, too. I do wear this to work as well. So, this is an option. I could wear this to work or just out and about. I find this at the moment quite flattering. This is an autograph dress and it's a 16, but it still fits me because it's it's that cheesecloth fabric. If I want to throw something on while I'm at mom's and maybe even when I'm driving tomorrow, if I'm not going to wear leggings, I might take this dress that I wear around the house even though it's way too big for me now. This is a Miller's dress. It's a 16. I might need one more bottom skirt and at least two pairs of trousers cuz it might be cold. I could actually throw in these paper bag waist linen shorts. These are Target shorts, similar to the style I'm wearing right now, but maybe not those. I might just take my cropped Halara pants, work pants, my favorites, because they're Old Faithfuls, and they will do the job. But then I've also got the waffle pants. Oh my god, I don't know. These are like the waffle high-waisted widelegg pant, which have got the darts in them, but they're different. I basically need to pick one of these and I'll take those. If I need to rewear a pair of pants cuz it's cold instead of dress weather, I can I think that'll be enough for trouser for work. I think I've got too much. So, I need to color it. But that's pretty much like my basics. And then I'll need I need one more skirt. I think something I can wear not to work if I don't want either my lintico skirt cuz I love this color. Very summery. or my H&M leopard print skirt. So, they are also in the short list. Both of these are not really work garments. I try and keep these not as work clothes. I've got like work blazers, so I'll probably just wear those to work. And then I've got like this big oversized denim jacket thing. And then I've got this linen, it's very ruffled linen blazer from Target, which I could actually wear with what I'm wearing right now. Oh, hang on. I'll show you. I've got two of these. One in this color and one in black. And they're a 16. So, they're a little bit big for me now. Like oversized. That's how it looks. Do you know what? I actually really like this outfit I've got on. Really liking this. Obviously, my hairs will be different. The only thing that I need to do is steam the back of this blazer cuz it's really like creased and ruffly. It looks a little bit disheveled. But if I could just steam that and then I can obviously leave put these up and put like a rubber band around them so they're like Oh, I like this actual whole outfit. Got these slides which I've had for years as well. Another Kmart pair. Look how Look how um good the matching is with those. It's very caramel like a fully caramel outfit with a little bit of leopard print. I'm wondering if that is too much. with these shoes. Yeah, it might be a bit too much. I probably need black to be honest. Hang on. My pushette matise actually goes with this outfit or or my red Speedy. Actually, yes, I'm going to wear this at some point next week. This whole outfit. I think that'll be enough cuz I'll have cardigans that will go underneath everything. So, I should be warm enough cuz it's going to be a little bit cooler and burny. I've just been trying on some clothes and outfits that I chose and then I thought, oh, you know what? It's been 3 months since I tried this skirt on or since I tried all the clothes on that didn't fit me before Mangaro and I thought, oh, maybe this this skirt will fit me now because it didn't do up 3 months ago at my 3 month like try on and bloody hell, blow me down, she fits. So, she's even slightly like it's not tight or anything. It's a bit loose. So, I'm bloody taking this with me. I love this. It's got um it's got little tigers on it. So, I'm going to take this and I think I might even go this exact outfit. Fluffy, what do you think? Cats are here with me keeping me company. They need to be washed. Don't they fluffs? So, I am so excited that I could wear this skirt. Oh my gosh. I also love this outfit. This just was by chance cuz I had just had this top on, knitted top on. Oh my gosh. Wow. I'm so excited. It needs a static spray, but I'm that excited. Yes. Back to what I was doing. I've already gotten rid of a few things, so that's good. Well done me. So, I've got my static spray that I think you can buy this from Chemist Warehouse, Price Line, probably the supermarket. If you don't know what this is, this eliminates the static from like clothes that kind of cling to you and you know how you you can feel them like sticking to your legs or whatever and it's like really they're really staticky. That is basically when it's just certain fabrics or if you use a tumble dryer for like all of your clothing, this is like essential. So, you spray everything, turn it inside out, you spray it, which I've just done. Um, but you basically just spray the whole the whole thing and then you let it dry and it will destatic the clothes so they don't cling to you anymore. Genius. I've got a smaller one of these as well that I keep at work. And you can use hairspray as well if you are in a pinch, which I've done before. This is the carnage. Not exactly carnage. I've got everything like neatly stacked and folded. I've picked my shoes except for I've got to get my sneakers out. Anyway, I was trying on these jeans, so I thought I might take with me. These are my nobody denim jeans. And they are like a cropped high-waisted quite flattering style. And when I went to pull them out of where they've been sitting, hiding folded, look what fell out. >> [laughter] >> This is my love. Don't be shy fulls size bottle Killian that I thought I left at the hotel in Hobart when I must have packed and taken these must have been like fully folded inside these jeans to protect it when I packed. And when I've unpacked and gotten home, I've obviously just pulled the jeans out of the suitcase all folded and put them straight on the shelf cuz I didn't wear them. They obviously this bottle didn't clearly stand out to me as being in these jeans. Excuse me. This just fell to the floor when I fully pulled these jeans out to try on. OMG. I'm one. I'm very excited. I'm so excited cuz look how much I have. Like it's barely barely used. And this is not a cheap perfume. >> [gasps] >> I keep mentioning in my last few videos that I've done that uh about perfume like collection videos and stuff like that that I lost this and I was really gutted and I even called the hotel and they were like no the cleaners didn't find anything and I was like m didn't they? Didn't they though? They didn't obviously. What an idiot. A hello I missed you. So, I've got to feed the cats now and keep going with what I'm doing cuz then I need to go back to editing pretty much. But these jeans are loose now, which is extremely sad. I need a belt, which is it's not that bad. They're not like they're just loose around here. Can you see? They're loose like that. And they're not super stretchy denim, so they they they give once you wear them. So, I definitely need a belt. I can't leave them on any longer though up here cuz it's bloody hot, hence the fan that's been on this entire time. But I really love the shape of these this style. If I can find them online, I'll link them below for you. But they've never been this loose on me before. So, I'm a bit excited about it. So, I'm definitely taking these cuz I'm going to have to wear them. I'm going to have to wear them as much as I can before they're bloody too big for me, which is very sad. Time to feed you girls. Dinner time. Yeah, I'm going to choose my perfumes now. I've just thrown this dress on because it's easy. I've got 3 minutes left before I run out of memory card. This is hard. I'm definitely taking Armani C per param because we love her. Definitely. I'm actually taking I'm going to take Cinema Yl. I layered this today with vanilla skin from Flur. Oh my gosh, what a combination. So, I'm taking those. Then I want to take I probably should take like smaller perfumes so they're lighter to carry. Oh gosh. Burberry goddess maybe or LRA or both. They're small. I was going to take Killian Love. Don't be shy. I've got a travel size up here. So I'm going to throw in that for fun. Go Mongalan as well for the office. Could go Doling Gabbana light blue as well. Maybe yam bougie. Uh, we'll take the little travel size. No, that's too strong and heavy. I'm going to go actually, you know what? I could take Afternoon Delight cuz that's light and it's small and it's an OD twilelet. So, I'm going to take that as well. Got a bit of a collection going. And one more. Maybe. I think I might take this and give this to my sister. I've filmed the content that I need to film that's got this in it so I can get rid of it now. Right. So, you're coming and you're not coming back. Say goodbye to your friends. Oh, yeah. Might take Valentino extra dose. That's way too many. Should I just take a straight vanilla as well? And I've got afternoon delight. I've got I think I've got plenty. One more. Oh, I don't know. I don't know. This shelf here is like on a wonk. It's on a lean. And so everything in this top on this top shelf is slides forward. It's really annoying. I have to get some new shelves. Maybe it's Sunday. It's the next day. Hello everybody. I'm about to start my next week's vlog and I realized that I didn't finish this one. Whoops. It's the afternoon. It's 3:30 and I on Sunday I was meant to leave the house with the cats this morning. Day has blown out massively. Anyway, I'm all ready now except for the cats. I actually have to load the car and load the cats and then I can go. I'm literally going to pick up the next vlog where this one ends. So, it's mainly going to be a me and Bernie vlog. We excited, Fluffy? You know something's going on, don't you? Right. So, I'm in my active wear, my travel clothing. It's really windy today. Thank you everyone for watching and I will see you in my next video. Bye.

- WEEK 16 on Mounjaro | Still Losing, Real Life Vlog & Game-Changing Finds: Kind: captions Language: en Come on, let me hug you. All right. All right. Hello. Good evening. Welcome to a new vlog. Bloody hell. Week 16. I say that every week. It's 11:00. I've been doing editing. I'm actually contemplating staying awake for the sprint race in Qatar, which is I think at 12:30. So that's an hour and a half away. Then I want to stay up for the whole race and it's only a short race and it'll probably be like 1:30 when it's finished. And I'm like, do I stay up that late cuz I will be so tired. Anyway, I'm just going to do my MARO injection. I've got this much left in the pen and I've been doing the click method. Done. I've gone upper upper right above the belly button because um maybe it was a bit too close. I don't know. I'm running out of fat on my tummy. I might have to try um in the lunch [clears throat] lady arms. That's going back to the fridge. That's my sixth injection back down to 2.5. And you can see there my graph of my uh medicine. Pretty good. See you in the morning probably and I'll let you know if I stayed up or not. Hello everybody. It's Sunday night. It's about 9:30 p.m. I've just finished what I could manage to get in from my on my off my list for the day. I've just come upstairs because I need to do my um my Twe RF cavitation on my arms and my tummy cuz I'm trying to tighten a bit of this loose skin um with this machine. So, last night when I went to bed, I had a really aching left hip and I was like, "Maybe I've pulled a muscle. It's really full on and it was keeping me up." And I put some voltarin on it and it sort of got a bit worse. And then I woke up and it was so stiff and aching and like throbby achy just like all in my hip flexor area, groin like between like I can't even show you. It's that sore. Anyway, can't imagine it would be a pulled muscle because I haven't I don't know how I would have managed to do that. Maybe I've strained it somehow doing something. Anyway, it's been really I woke up like I can't lay anywhere any way that's comfortable, not even on the front. It hurts to lay flat. I couldn't actually sit on the floor or just sitting for long periods is really bad. And uh it got a bit better in the day. I could walk around, but it's painful. Um, and it's making me really weary because obviously I had major hip surgery a few years ago on my other hip. And the doctor, specialist, surgeon, Dr. Michael Sullivan, magic genius of a man, um, magic hands, he looked at my x-rays and told me that the other side was not displaced cuz I have hip displasia in the right hip. And he said, "No, that one's fine. You won't need the same surgery on both hips. It's just one hip. Thank the Lord. Um cuz so he looked at it and he confirmed that it was fine. Anyway, so now it's slightly different pain though. It's not the same and that was a gradual increase in pain. This has just come on out of nowhere and it's really excruciating [sighs] [gasps] at times. Um I know I haven't taken any pain medication because I just want to know if it gets worse or better. like I want to be able to be aware of the pain. Anyway, um so we'll see how we go the rest of the week. I'm actually considering taking one of my CBD gummies tonight cuz that I'm sure that will help me. I just don't know how it's going to go with Mjaro because it's Mjaro slows your digestion. So, if I take a gummy, that means it'll slow the impact of the gummy, which might make it like last longer in my system. Uh, and I've never taken one before. Just I don't know if I should take one, but I'm like, "Oh, this would be a perfect time to take a CBD gummy." And they're really high strength gummies. They're like not starter gummies, so I probably should just take half a gummy. I had so much trouble falling asleep last night because I was in so much pain. [sighs and gasps] So, I think I might take one. Just half one. I'll take half. That's a good idea. Pain relief. I think I'm going to try one. Why not? You got to live a little, don't you? Anyway, I actually have a code as per usual. I get 40% off my gummies if you're interested. The link is in the description. It's always in my descriptions. Um, but yeah, I'm going to finally going to try one. I actually stayed up and watched the sprint race, which was naughty. Forgot about that. That's why I'm tired. Oscar got pole and then he won, which is very exciting because he has still got a small chance to win the championship. He also qualified this morning on pole position. So, also very good. So, that race will be tomorrow morning really early. So, I'll watch that in the morning when I wake up, which is now going to be 6:15, not 6:30. I'm going to wind the clock back 15 minutes, my alarm. Um, anyway, it's now 9:45 cuz I've been waffling. What I was going to say is I didn't actually get started till about midday. And I have I had three videos planned. Was it three? I had a couple of videos I wanted to film. They didn't get filmed. Mind you, I've got about four or five videos that I need to edit, including last week's vlog that was meant to go up on Friday. And tomorrow is the 1st of December, and I've got planned content for the rest of the month that I have not touched and edited. So, I don't think it's going to go to plan again. All of that to say, I made my soup meal prep. I did my chicken marinades. They are in the freezer. I did the bins. Um, I did some editing. And that took up like my afternoon essentially, which is pretty pathetic. So now I have to do this cavitation. Then I'm going to have a shower because I get like this gel stuff. It's It's easier if I just wash this gel stuff off. I just need to crack on. Did I vlog? Did I start this vlog? I don't I don't even know. Oh my gosh. I need to issue an apology, everyone. Look at my hair. Oh gosh. I need to issue an apology first of all for my appearance. It's Wednesday morning and I've only just um resurfaced after having that gummy. No, just kidding. I've set myself an impossible task. I've got far too much content to edit. I've been trying to get my week 14 vlog uploaded to YouTube. I mean exported so I can upload to YouTube three times. This is my fourth attempt. It keeps failing when I export it. And this doesn't happen very often. The short version is it keeps failing for some reason and the error just doesn't really tell me what's going on. Um, so I exported it originally fine and then I reimpport it and I make the bit at the start with all the cuts, the like teaser cuz then I post that on Instagram stories and on YouTube shorts. Anyway, look, you don't need to know this is don't know why I'm explaining this to you, but basically I'm reexporting it with that start bit on it and it keeps failing. It keeps failing. I intended to vlog yesterday and Monday. Did I vlog Monday? I don't even know. I'm sure it was Sunday night when I took my gummy. So, on that topic, I had one gummy cuz I was like, "Oh, 3,000 milligrams is a high dose for a beginner." All I have to say is one, oh my god. And two, holy moly, I woke up almost painfree on Monday. Almost painfree. And if you saw the state I was in and how slow I was hobbling, limping, wincing, holding my breath and like moving and like needing to use both hands to manually pick my thigh up. This one, you would be just as amazed as me at how I woke up. And I was like, "What?" [gasps and sighs] And I also had a lovely sleep and it didn't affect my getting to sleep, which it did the previous night because I just tossed and turn. Well, I couldn't really toss and turn, but I couldn't was just every side I laid on every even laying my back. It was just throbbing pain, weirdness. Anyway, um, oh my gosh, I CBDs, CBD gummies or just CBD in general. Oh, I was chuffed. Absolutely chuffed. Anyway, I'm wondering if it's going to help with any instances of cramping for, you know, that time of the month. Someone that takes it at night, I don't need to take it in the day. I've been editing a lot. It's the same story. I've been editing a lot. I've trying trying to post a lot. I've had a video on Tik Tok uh community violation, which is the latest update for Tik Tok, which happened last night. I posted a video asking people what they pay for Mangaro around the world. Apparently, Tik Tok doesn't like that. I didn't say anything rude. All I said was, "Let me know how much everyone pays for their Majaro prescriptions." Like, curious to know. And Tik Tok's like, "Nope, sorry. You are now in violation of our community guidelines." So, I'm pretty sure that like affects your visibility and any new videos that you post, they don't get shown to people. So, I'm like, now I can't post. And I was just getting in a rhythm of posting twice a day. And now I'm like, freaking hell, now I have to wait for them to just have a human look at it and go, "Oh, that's actually not in violation." cuz that's happened a couple of times with my before and after videos that are on Tik Tok that they they um they put us I don't know actually maybe I'm maybe I've had too many and they've decided that enough's enough. I think basically I'm gonna have to be a lot more careful with my words and maybe my descriptions for um Tik Tok and Mandaro because apparently it's a sore subject and it's a community violation. Taking care of one's health is apparently a violation. Um but you can talk about losing weight in other ways but just not not a GLP one or Mjaro. So, that's bloody annoying because um I had all these I've got I've got like videos lined up to post and now I can't post them. Just having a little morning rant. It's basically just I'm just letting it out and it's you you're the the therapist in this scenario. Anyway, I should be getting ready. Um because it's it's 20 to 8. How did it become 20 to 8? Oh my gosh, it's Wednesday. I can't believe it's Wednesday. I can because it's been a slow week. Oh my gosh. Anyway, I've got this product. It's actually downstairs or I'd show you. I'll show you when I get home tonight. I've got this color shampoo that I got from a Canadian company. Um, which they sent me, which was very kind of them. And I'm going to use it tonight to try and get rid of all my fun little grays. It's apparently like a shampoo that covers grays. It's got obviously got some form of dye in it, but I think it's all natural. It's called Herbish. Anyway, um so I'm going to try that tonight. I'm very excited about that. I have to make a um some content for that to post on Instagram, but I'm just excited to be able to sort this this out. Um even though I do have that other hair dye, that's my backup if this product doesn't work. This is cold, which is great. I slept in this and this and my pajama bottoms, which I never do because they're they annoy me. And bed socks because it was that cold last night. The last few nights it's been that cold. But then mom also pointed out to me that maybe it's cuz I've lost weight. I'm not as warm as a human because I don't have as much fat covering my body. And that was like, oh, that makes sense actually. Yeah. [clears throat] I've got to stop now. Need to get ready for work. >> [sighs] >> I'm just sitting here in my 90y uh next to my cat having a good clean. It's Wednesday evening. I've just created a delicious meal. I've got Atlantic salmon with a serve of potato jams, 100 g, a whole avocado, and like a decent chunk of cucumber. I put coconut aminos teriyaki sauce on the salmon in the air fryer. So, that is that's what I'm eating tonight for dinner. I finally posted my week 14 vlog. Um, and I've got lots of other editing to crack on with. [clears throat] And I was going to do my hair tonight with the colored shampoo, but I have to I've got to film content for it when I do it, and I really don't have any energy. So, I think it's going to end up being something I do on Saturday. Anyway, Bon appetite. I might put some QB on it, though. That's how tired I am. I forgot to put my black sesame seeds on it and sauce. Who else does that? Soon as they get home, pajamas come on. Oh je, that sun's very sunny. That's better, isn't it? Do you know what? If I if I didn't work in an office or like spend most of my day not at home, I don't reckon I would come home and throw on really sloppy, lazy, super comfortable clothes. I reckon I'd just wear like loungewear or a nice sophisticated clothing all day and then I'd just pop my pajamas on to go to bed. Like I wouldn't be so obsessed with wearing PJs. I don't know. Maybe not. Anyway, I look really tired. Need to go to bed early tonight. Hey everybody. Hello. I've been the world's worst vlogger. I can actually claim that award for the year this week. [sighs] It's Friday. Happy Friday. Um, my hair has been in a bun, a low bun all day. Um, since I wash I washed it last night before bed and I've had it in a like a parted low like bun and it's still damp. Um, I didn't put any product in it at all. So, this is just how my hair dries. Um, when I don't What am I doing? I need to put this light on. Get a bit of that. It's 7:22. I'm home from work. Uh, I've had an interesting week. Just got stuff everywhere. This week's been a bit interesting. It's just been a normal work week, but it's been very crazy for everything else surrounding that. I actually had to take like nearly half a sick day as well. Yesterday I felt terrible. Not related to Mjaro, I don't think. Just I'm still headachy. I think it's more connected to my time of the month. I had a headache all day today. I had one yesterday that was worse. I just felt really gross. That malaise feeling and drained and I just couldn't focus. Anyway, um so I haven't actually vlogged nearly as much as I would have liked. I've got so much to do. >> The Grand Prix coverage for the final round in Abu Dhabi starts at 8:00. It's practice one, which is just like an hour of them. If you're not really into Formula 1, practice sessions are pretty boring or could be pretty boring. I love all the coverage, everything relating to it, the before and after, the talking, the interviews. I love it all. So, that starts at 8. I really, you can just, you can tell I'm a bit all over the place. I haven't really started chronologically here with my communication. So, today was 5th of December. This afternoon, we had like an afternoon tea for Christmas, like just a Christmas drinks, nibbles, that sort of thing. And we had pizza and I had some French onion dip with crackers. Onion's like a trigger for me with IBS, but when it's in like a dip, it's not too bad. And I had a fruit mince pie. And so I'm not that hungry, but I know I should eat something. So I'm about to throw in um something in the air fryer. Potato gems and Christmas nuggets. Oh, turkey Christmas nuggets. Oh, I love getting these at Christmas. They're so fun. So it's just obviously a Christmas tree shaped crumb turkey breast nugget. Not sure how many I want actually, but that's what they look like. And I'm just going to have that because I had a piece of pizza. I've had crack and dippers. [laughter] Dip dip and crackers. Oh my gosh. Oh wow. So, I've got a ton of videos to film tomorrow. I've got like Tik Tok videos to do. I've got a few sponsored videos that I have to film contentwise. Formula 1's on. It's going to be it's going to be really busy and I also have to pack because I'm going to Hobart at the end of next week for work for two nights. So, that'll be my next vlog. Bit of a Hobart trip. Just FYI. The reason I washed my hair and didn't style it or put any product in it was one, I couldn't be bothered blow drying it and styling it tomorrow uh this morning because tomorrow I have to do that again for filming. But before I do that, I'm going to use this product. This has been um sent to me by a Canadian brand. It's called Herbish. It's a color shampoo, three in one. It's a cleanser. It's got keratin in it, argan oil, non fruit, olive, ammonia free, damage free, paraben free, lasting hair color. So, it's obviously it's like full gray coverage. And that was the thing that got my attention the most when they emailed me and said, "Hey, can we send you this product?" It says, "Apply color on washed and completely dry hair." And that's where I was like, "Oh h." So, I washed it and it will be completely dry by tomorrow. We're going to do this tomorrow anyway. So, you put this in and then hopefully I'll come out looking like that. I also got the hair mask, which is a procerotin and argan oil hair mask. And look at the lid. I do really like this branding. Long-lasting color blend technology, 100% gray coverage, so that's very exciting. And it developed after years of extensive research. Ammoniaree makes hair softer shinier. Color lasts up to two to three weeks. So, obviously you have to do this more frequently than you would dye your hair or even put a a tint in it or a gloss, but I guess you're not putting harsh chemicals in your hair. Right. So, I think in my last vlog was the Christmas decorations vlog. Since then, Bee's very kindly nearly Oh, here we go. I can show you. That's how many plus one more that I can't reach. Bbles that she's knocked off the tree since I finished decorating the tree. So all this bottom section has no Bbles pretty much. So that's good, isn't it? Is the culprit now. Yes. So I was this close to taking all the decorations off because I was like, I just spent all that time and I wasn't going to decorate it anyway and now you're just bloody knocking them all off. I guess the good news, and I was actually just going to leave the birds, but they still can't be less than like on the bottom half of the tree because she was trying to get one of the birds off, too. Um, so she was trying to get one of these off obviously because they're birds. So, I had to put them all up this high. Even if I did take away just the normal deos, the birds would be just left on the top of the top half of the tree. And I guess because they're all green, it blends in anyway. So, the lack of decorations is not too bad. That's what we're going with. Um, by the way, this candle that I um I started burning last week. God, I've had this waiting in the wings to burn for Christmas this year. Um, cinnamon roll. I thought croissant was good from Over. this. Oh god, it is literally it smells like a cinnamon roll. It is bloody delicious. I actually And it throws so much. Like I could smell this halfway down the other end of the house. Like it I mean this is the old vessel. It's now I think becomes like more of a a frosted style. Um if you can like and these are very affordable. If you can if you can get your hands on a cinnamon roll or a croissant or even the marshmallow one, any of these candles. But to me, this is a bloody beautiful Christmas candle. Bloody beautiful. We just need to look at this van. Actually, it looks a bit pale. I need to give it some water. Um, but like look at that. That is the best spot ever. But it's just running rampant. Like you you wouldn't believe how small and nearly dead this Boston fern was when I put it here. Oh, there's a little fly. [snorts] Good morning everyone. Welcome to another Saturday weighin. I have been up for a few hours actually. I've been watching the final round of the Formula 1 practice session one. Look at my hair. That's um I slept I just tied it up in a bun loosely and I haven't put product in it. And look at That's how my hair dries naturally if I put it in a bun. So yes, it's true. Anyway, I'm going to brush it brush that out with my VOS. See how that goes. Like I said, I've been up for a couple of hours actually. And I've been out of bed for about half an hour doing tidying up, straightening up. I need a coffee. I need something to eat. Anyway, do this quickly. My battery just cared it. So, um, anyway, that's my hair. Oh, I look a little bit like Hagrid. Let's get down to business. It's 10:30. I weighed in at 77.1 kg last Saturday. I'm currently sitting on 19.9 9 kg of loss since day one. Look, if it's from day one, it's actually 18.9 kilos. But since, you know, I've started recording all my information and measuring myself and weighing myself for this whole journey, it's 19.9 kilos. Right. I had my period this week. I've been feeling steadily more like um hungry when I wake up and also hungry in the afternoons. So, I think I'm going to have to start implementing like my healthy snacks that I was starting to have in like week four and five, which was just like carrot sticks and cucumber that I can just fill up on in the afternoon when I start to feel hungry before I have dinner. It's like heatless curls. But I thought I'd have more of a dent where I had my hair [clears throat] up, but I guess cuz I had it back here, it doesn't look too bad. No, I just need [clears throat] to put some oil in it and I could probably just get another day out of this hair. This is for my own reference cuz I can't see it. Would that be an acceptable? Granted, I've got no hair oil in it. Would that be acceptable for my standards of my hair? It feels very soft and smooth with no product in it. Just really silky. My hair is very healthy right now. Uh except for the fact that there's a lot of split ends probably need to be chopped off. Anyway, let's go do my weigh in. [applause] Oh my gosh, I feel like I laugh every time I do this. I can't believe that. 76. Lost 1.1 kilos this week. For real, I'm 76 now. I'm 1 kilo off my goal weight. What's 1.1 kilos in pounds? Can you repeat that? >> 2.43 lb. >> And what about 76 kilos into pound? >> That would be 167.55. >> Oh wow. Okay. So, all right. I'm going to speed through this because I really would like to have a coffee. I've lost 21 kilos. >> [gasps and sighs] >> What week is this? 16. I have lost 21 kilos in 4 months. Look at that. That's my progress line for my weight. progress wise for my measurements about I lost about a centimeter everywhere except my chest and my hip measurements. So that's in line with a kilo of weight loss I suppose uh based off previous weeks. The other thing I should say is that I've also been using my cavitation um RF device for the last month using that twice a week. I've been testing it for a review video that I have to film today. Um, and so I've been doing that on my upper arms and my stomach waist area. So that could have also helped with my reduction in my measurements in those areas for this month. You know, one of those at home body sculpting machines just to help with my the areas where I've got a bit of like you can see that, can't you? Yeah. It's dreary day today. Guess what? My test lab results for my um at home intolerance test with check my body health has arrived. So, I need to I need to eat. I need to have a coffee. I need to get myself sorted. I'm going to do my hair, but then we're going to go through my results cuz I'm very excited to read them. I have not looked. I have not opened it. We'll be going through it together for the first time. Place your bets. milk. The plan for my day is Oh, I'm actually just like loving this here. Um, right. Plan for the day. I actually have a bit of a headache, which is very inconvenient. Getting my milk organized. Milk lab. If you haven't tried it, I recommend giving it a taste at least if you're a almond milk drinker for coffee. I really need a bigger Christmas mug. So, I'm I usually love having a giant mug on a Saturday. And this is my beehive mug. Does it come with a lid? Is that the one that come Yeah, I know. So, you put your little trade on top. Yeah. Little bee. I've got to open those blinds. Didn't even realize. A Let's do my closeup of my gray hairs. I'm going to wash my hair now with the color shampoo. So, I'm actually very excited about this. Let's go get rid of these grays. So, I got the dark brown shade. It's packed with botanicals like olive oil, ginseng, non fruit, keratin, pure argan oil. It's going to color but also nourish your hair at the same time. Men and women can use this product and it's also ammonia and paraben free. Zero mess, no strong smell. grays are gone entirely. Hello everyone. Hi. Um, so look at my hair. Would you? That is my hair now after I washed it with that shampoo. The grays are gone. They have been evicted effectively and I've left the building. I am so surprised. be interesting to see how long this lasts in terms of hair washes. So, um I will monitor it and let you know how many times I've washed my hair and how long this lasts. Um I think I if I can find a link for this product, I'll put it in the description. It was just gifted to me. I'm not affiliated or anything, but I think I think you might be able to get it on Amazon. Anyway, there's a link in the description for this Herbish color shampoo stuff. Wow. I've just filmed um two videos and I've got one left and it's 5:30. It's raining and I have to feed the cats. Um so, as per usual, I'm running extremely late. Uh anyway, I did an unboxing for Mecca and I bought two products. I got a lip gloss from Summer Fridays cuz I'm actually nearly out of my current flavor smell. Pink Sugar. This smells so nice. I've got it on my lips just right now. And I got the Hair Alchemy Heatless Styling Balm from Or would have been handy if I had that two days ago when I did my hair in the low bun. But anyway, this is meant to be the best heatless styling cream cuz you just put it in and then you do your overnight, you know, you do your braids or your plaid or your bun or your two buns or your heatless curling, whatever. and it's meant to be the best for um helping with frizz and setting it. You can also just put it in and let your hair air dry. I am so keen to try this both ways um because as you know my hair dries a little bit frizz and a bit like it dries a bit frizzy when I let it air dry. Anyway, I also got a Beauty Loop Mecca Mecca loves. Um, the last Beauty Loop Level 4 gift for the year. And I I unboxed that for Tik Tok. So, if you want to know what I got, it'll be on my Tik Tok because honestly, I can't be bothered doing it twice. But anyway, there was some good stuff in there actually. So, if you're interested to know what you get when you are a level four, there's a few people that have asked me what Mecca a level four, what's what's beauty loop because they're obviously not Australian. Mecca's like Sephora here or SpaceNK in the UK or Ulta, it's got a bit of everything. And if you sign up to the membership, which is called Beauty Loop, there's four tiers depending on how much you spend each year. And if you are in level four, which is I am, it's the top like public top tier. I think I've redeemed 11 or 12 freebie beauty. I've done every single beauty loop that's been on offer this year, and it was like 11 things. 11 or 12. Anyway, if you've been around a while, you you're well aware of beauty loop unboxings with me. Sometimes I put them on my Instagram as well. So, if you follow me on Instagram or Tik Tok, you will see slightly different uh things, but sometimes I put them on both platforms. What I really want to do before I run out of battery, daylight, and before I go and feed the cats is go through my results for check my body health. I still haven't looked. I still haven't looked. I'm very excited to look at this. Oh, your Sephora order is on the way. Yes, I may or may not have bought a perfume in the Sephora Black Friday sales. Oh, that's me. Of course, I did. There's my results. There's a guide when you get your results and it's 40 pages and it show it sort of goes through everything how to interpret your results. So, you've got to read through that. It's pretty important. So, let's download my results. Download now. I'm really worried I'm going to run out of battery. Okay. So, there's a a great um traffic light system. So if you don't react or within range, it's green. Moderate reactivity is amber and high reactivity is red. These are the items that a testing shows you are most likely to be sensitive to or fall outside of optimal range. So when you're reading your results, you'll have those colors. This test is not for allergies. It's just for sensitivities. There's sort of more information on how it works, how they test everything. There's sort of space where you can write stuff and then there's a way for you to follow an elimination diet. So I had 164 high reactivity outside the normal range out of 1,750 things that were tested. 85 were moderate and 151 I am like no reactivity. So that's my results as a whole. Then it goes it tells you what landed in the red zone or the high reactivity range and then you go down and it goes through what's moderate and then there's a list of things that are no reactivity. So that's really easy to read actually. So my god let's have a look. Oh my gosh. Okay. So food and drinks high reactivity. butter. That's that would be dairy. G came cam bear. Coconut milk cream. I think this is dairy. There's a lot of milk from cows. Yeah. Thank you. Thank you so much for confirming [gasps] that I am lactose intolerant. [laughter] Thank the Lord. Ah, okay. I feel really validated. Chickpeas. Yes, I actually knew that chickpeas. Hummus. Yes, I knew that, too. Uh, oh my gosh. Lentils. Yes. Ostrich egg. Okay. Basically, this lists all dairy. There's like butter, cheddar, clotted cream, condensed milk, rogueford, kzo, fresco, pecarino, romano, no fontina, edom cream, chamomar. It's like basically every type of cheese. Feta, frozen yogurt, gorgenola, halumi, ice cream, lactoseree milk. Maybe it's dairy, not lactose. Huh? Eggnog, creme fresh. Why can Why coconut milk? Milk from goats. Goat milk. Mandarins. No. Oh, powdered milk. Ovaltine. Red leester. That's cheese. Havati. Gouda. Basically cheese, which I love. I bloody love cheese. Coconut oil. What? Coconuts. Coconut water. Oh, that's Oh my god. That means I shouldn't be drinking that chocolate coconut water that I've got in the fridge that I'm obsessed with. Buttermilk, barbecue sauce. I love barbecue sauce. Salmon. Parmesan. Ricotta. Provolone. Mozzarella. Milk chocolate. Oh. Oh. Hot chocolate. Grier. Goats cheese. Cottage [snorts] cheese. Bloody hell. Chicken liver. Bree. Gouda. Laga. Well, I don't like it anyway. Paneer. Prawns. Oh, milk from sheep. Marmite. Good thing I don't have Marmite. Wow. Wow. Cheddar. Did I say that? Beer. Okay, next page. Oh, no. Sesame oil. Sesame seeds. >> [laughter] >> So, my black sesame seeds I put on top of everything. Tomato juice, yogurt, split peas, tomatoes. Yeah, I don't I don't have many tomatoes. Sour cream, tahini, whey drink. Yes, I avoid that. Vodka, vodka, tomato, ketchup, Stilton, soft cheese. So, basically dairy and then a Okay, non-food. Oh, this. Okay, so this is what I react. Oh, bees. This is what I re [gasps] I can't stop reading it. This is the one I react to. That's high sensitivity. Red nonfood alpaca. Honey bee venom bee. Yeah, I think I've been sp I think I was stung by a bee when I was younger and I really had a bad reaction. Marino wool. Yeah, it is quite itchy though. Cashmere. Are you serious? Silk. Raccoon fair [laughter] mohair do peony silk. Oh my god. Marino wool cashmere and silk. I'm really disappointed about that. I mean obviously I don't have to follow this obviously. So okay. Botanical. I got I'm running out of battery. Botanicals. Barley grass. P I can't read a lot of these. They're all um they're all scientific names. I'll have to look them up. Birch and barley grass. The only two that I can understand. Metals. Tin. Okay. Additives. 1 2 3 4 5. There's six additives that I react badly to. They're all a numbers. Gut health. E.coli. Gee, that's a surprise. Acid. Acidophilus bifidus. I feel like these are all strains of like um what's that milk called that everyone drinks? Yakultt. I used to drink Yakultt every day. Basillus coagulants. Uh anyway, it's on the screen. It's on the screen. Anti-aging. Oh, collagen and hyaluronic acid. I really need to look at um the interpretation of this part because stress and inflammation joints. I actually do you know what my I've had clicky joints toes knees hip for as long as I can remember. So it's actually really weird how it knows. Skin health liquid soap sodium hydroxide nail polish remover tarpentine eugenol linol detergent herbicide cobalt glycerol monoglyate cinnamol alcohol. Wow. and nutrition germanmanium. All right. So, I'm going to have to read my report to interpret some of this stuff and then I will once I've had a good read, I'll tell you what I found out in my next vlog cuz I'm running out of battery. I'm so pleased that all the dairy showed up. It's not in my head. Moderate. These are items that testing shows you may have a sensitivity to. They recommend removing them from your diet for four to six weeks. Um, using the elimination diet just to see and then you you slowly bring things back in to see what actually you have a reaction to. Yeah, some of these things I already Oh, look. Almond milk [laughter] and coconut milk as well is in the red zone. Almond oil, almond flour, almond milk, and almonds. This might be more to do with IBS because almonds aren't great for IBS. Got white rice, sourdough. No. Do you know what? This is really comforting. Weirdly, a lot of the foods that are in my amber section. I'm pretty sure a fair chunk of these are high FODMAP, which means once again I've been validated that I have IBS because there's things like rice, wheat, couscous, almonds, white bread, rice, noodles, soy beans, tofu, wheat, wheat brand, wheat grass, soy flour, edamami. Yes. Ah. Oh my gosh, this is so good. Spelt, soy sauce. like everything I already kind of knew that I should be avoiding. [sighs and gasps] Thank you so much. Nonfoods cat hair. And guess what the next one is? Dust. [laughter] I really need dust. You should see the dust in this house. Cowhide. Oh, denim. Cattle dander. Don't get around much cattle. That's fine. mesh corduroy modal botanicals blue oats grass and then pasture grass and then two I don't know what they mean metals rubidium additives 1 2 3 4 there's six additives and then skin health diesel lenoline oak moss extract and farol that's a cat in the litter box right on Q and then the rest I'm in the green category so basically I need to come to the green category story to see, you know, what I can eat. This is great. Oh my gosh, I'm going to have to share this with my family. And there's a ton of pages. Okay, if you're interested in this sort of thing, there's a link in the description. You get 10% off. Um, and also it's cheaper if you buy more than one. I got the comprehensive biggest one available. So, it was 1,500 items. It's now at 1,750. And yeah, that was pretty quick, actually. Anyway, wow, I'm really annoyed about the salmon. What else am I annoyed about? Coconut milk, coconut oil. Do you know what I'm pleased about? Eggs are not on my nogo zone or chicken or steak. Oh, turn on dressing room lights. I'm about to lose battery. >> That's it, guys. That's the end of my vlog for this week. Thank you all so very much for being here. I love you so very much. Don't forget to check out my Instagram and my Tik Tok. If you find me over there, please say hello. And I will see you in my next video. H bye.

- WEEK 15 Mounjaro Vlog | Festive Week, Food, Beauty & Results: Kind: captions Language: en Hello everybody. I've just scared the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of the cats. It's Saturday night. I've decided it's time to set up the tree. Not last minute, but I was not planning on doing this and then I thought, no, you know what? Let's do it. It's time. It's actually the 22nd of November. [sighs] And I probably should have done this last weekend, but anyway, we're doing it now. It's fine. We're just going to set the tree up and get it get it up tonight before I go to bed. I'm in two minds. I may or may not put decorations on my tree. This here just going to do it right. >> [sighs] >> Voila. It's pretty fluffed actually just how I stored it in that Christmas tree bag and in in the cupboard in the pullway just like I tried to store it so it didn't compact at all. I love how minimalist it is just without bobbles. But if I only put a few bbles on it, it'll look like it needs more green bles, green birds, and then that's it. Just so it all blends together. That's my That might be what I do, actually. Anyway, um that took me I might I've only been recording for 14 minutes. I mean, it would be a lot easier for me to not decorate it just because the bottom thing doesn't usually have decorations on it by the end of towards Christmas because that one pulls them off and plays with them like they're toys. I'm sure I've got more than this. Maybe I don't. So, I've got this. I got this in Kmart maybe last year. How bloody cute is this? It's Boulay. So is this bon bon. And then I've got Rudy the Rudolph. I've had him for many years. I think he's from Spotlight. I've also got my little pudding car key, like key ring keys. That's what I use every year at Christmas. So, that's coming back out. I will put the rest of my decorations up tomorrow. So, what is it? It's It's 5 to 10. I just wanted to do this dark when it was dark because obviously it looks better. [sighs] Right. We need some light though, don't we? This is my Victoria's Secret Santa's hat. I've had it for years. It's got like little diamonties rhinestones on it. Leopard print. Love the leopard print. That looks good, doesn't it? Uh, and then I've also got this one, which is just sequins. Probably should fluff it before I do any thumbnails. But anyway, Christmas tree is up. It's officially Christmas. I'm going to go to bed now and then in the morning we will finish decorating the house. Um, yeah. Hello everyone. Good morning. Good morning. It's week 14 for me for Mount No. No, it's not week 15. It's not Saturday. Can you tell? Usually I start my vlogs on a Saturday night when I have my Mangjaro injection. I um nearly forgot to take my injection. I was in bed. I had a semi productive weekend, but the Las Vegas Grand Prix was on and it was on in the middle of the day here because it's a night race. So that made it a like daytime viewing live feature for me for the weekend, which I wasn't going to try. I was going to try and do a lot and I didn't factor in the Grand Prix being during the day. So, I I really only probably achieved a third of what I had, maybe even a quarter. Anyway, um the reason I'm telling you that is because I went to bed very late on Saturday night and [snorts] I was laying in bed. It was about 11:30. Um and I was just checking my what I wanted to do for the next day. like nearly sat bolt upright out of bed and was like, "Oh my god, this is nearly the second time that you've forgotten. You had to do your injection." Like honestly, you had one job. Why am I sweating? I had my injection. It was just I didn't film it because I was like half asleep. Sun's out. So, I'm don't know why I'm talking to you because I'm running myself late. I've been vlogging for [clears throat] just my decorations, setting up the tree, decorations around the house, all that sort of thing. How is it December next week? I looked at the I looked at my calendar. It's 4 weeks till Christmas. It's the 24th today. It's Christmas Eve in 4 weeks. [laughter] What? Anyway, I wanted to show you what I'm wearing today because it's going to be 21°. 21. I haven't got my shoes on yet. I'm just going to wear sneakers. It's like a military style. It's from Kmart. It's couple It's a couple of years old. It's nice and loose. actually fits me better than it did when I bought the thing. Anyway, obviously haven't been able to wear this for some time. And I'm going to throw this on today because it's going to be 21. 21. I got to pick a perfume. It's 8:33 and I should be leaving the house at 8:15. [snorts] Even though I got up at 6:30, I am still running late. So, that just shows you that I have to get up bloody. It's going to have to be 5:30 eventually, I reckon. I'm kind of keen to wear this one. This is really nice. I'm actually going to wear Mongolan because this is a bit more like warmer weather, springtime, and vanilla lavender. Yeah, that's nice. Right. See that washing? I've had that done. I need to put that away. I was actually just really lazy this weekend. Does anyone do that? They have like grand plans and then all of a sudden it comes time to do everything and you're like, you know what? I just need a day where I do like the bare minimum. I'm pretty much me. So, I'm actually going to have to film two nights this week when I come home from work as well. I did make my soup, which I was meant to do. I'm actually really failing. It's been a bit of a fail. Evening. Good evening. It's [snorts] Monday night. I'm still in two minds whether to have a naked tree this year or to go with like a green bbles only theme so it looks naked but when you get closer you can see bbles. Yeah. Anyway, um I haven't decided yet. I thought I'll live with it for a few days and then I'll decide. And I'm also in my Christmas pajamas. Look at that sun. The sun is pouring in. These are What size are they? They're probably huge. Yeah, these are an 18. Anyway, I like them oversized, but they were obviously not oversized when I bought them. Look, I had I made a boo boo. [sighs] Um, I defrosted my chicken thighs to make my chicken and vegetable soup yesterday, Sunday, and then I realized that I've only got carrots. I don't have anything else, just carrots. Um, and I need zucchini, fennel, celery. That's about it really. I was going to buy them today, have them delivered. Have still haven't done it. The thighs really need cooking. I really need eating. I need food for the week. I do have some chicken that I cooked yesterday, but it's not going to last me. So, I've got 1.3 kilos of chicken thighs. Anyway, I'm going to actually do a slow cooking situation. Um, or do I have coconut milk? I've got coconut cream. Would that work with mustard? I mean, I know it would work with like serté. Oh, I could do a sauté. I got I do have this sauté chicken stir fry sauce. Maybe I could repurpose that into a slow cooker. We're going to just We're just going to spitball. We're going to do an Aristos. Does anyone remember Aristos? So, I've got chicken stock cubes. So, I've got chicken stock. I was going to do honey mustard. I could do it without the mustard powder. Oh, I don't know. Is it going to be enough? Cuz I've got a lot of chicken. Can you do a slow cooker sa chicken though? I should ask Chat GBT. Do I feel like honey mustard chicken or serté chicken? Not me. Be got potatoes. This is really annoying. I'm going to have to freaking hell. This is why I meal prep on Sundays so I don't have to do this in the middle of the week. I'm just going to throw everything in. Hope for the best. We're going to do that because it's 7:00 and I need to put it on for 2 hours on high because I don't have enough time for it to go on low. So, let's just bloody do this away. It's bit liquidy. Oh no. [snorts] Ew, ew, ew. Chicken is in. Let's just get this bloody show on the road. Oh yeah, that smells good. If I didn't show it properly, it's Passage to Asia. It's from the supermarket. It's just the sauté chicken stir fry sauce. I'm using the low FODMAP onion replacer. It literally just smells like onion. The garlic one's good. I'm going to be so annoyed if this does not turn out all right because I really need I need it to. I literally just used the can from the coconut cream. Used a whole can of that. Just got tap water, swirled it around, poured that in, and that's it. That's all I'm putting in. So, this is just a note to self. If if I want to remake this, I know where the uh quantities are for the ingredients. Um it's just on high and it's that's it. So, it's 10 7. Cross your fingers for me. Don't really want to do rice. It makes me bloated. What I wanted to do was get some sweet potato and just like chop that up and put it in. Maybe next time. Go. I need to eat something now. Some time has passed. It's way too late. My watch is dead. I've been editing my vlog um that was [clears throat] meant to go up over the weekend. I still haven't posted. It's Monday night still. And I forgot about my slow cooker. I think it's all right though. I took the chicken out. So, I've taken out the chicken thighs and just so I can thicken up. This looks like soup pretty much. I did put some corn starch in it. I don't know if it's going to thicken up or if I need to heat it up or anything. Still pretty hot. Anyway, I don't care. I'm just going to tip this [snorts] into there and then I will portion this out tomorrow when I can be bothered. So behind with my editing. I just That's all I've done except for like half an hour where I watched I'm slurring my words. I'm that tired. I've got to go to bed. Um anyway, good night. Wow. Good morning everybody. Hello. Do I look tired? Hopefully not. That's why I've got makeup on. [laughter] Oh no, I'm going to lose battery. Oh no. Babe just harassed and harassed me. I went to bed super late and then she just kept agitating. She tried every trick in the book to annoy me. I think it was 1:30 maybe by the time I went to sleep. She just she just did everything like I have no idea what was wrong with her. But anyway, I had an atrocious sleep and um I'm struggling this morning trying to get some like I'm trying to wake up my face a bit. I need to brighten my eyes. Anyway, my battery's about to die so I'll talk to you later. Bye. You know, when you've got um clothes that you like outfits that you repeat, combinations you repeat because they just work. I feel like this pair of pants and top combo is like I nearly wear this once a week. I usually just sometimes I change the trousers, but this is I I wear this once a week to work. I need to get some more. I need to find somewhere. Um do you know what? When it's not winter or when it hasn't been winter in the off season, it's really hard to find knitted short sleeve tops like my absolute favorite um one that I've got from H&M. I think I got this I probably got this in the UK actually. It's literally just got a little elasticized well tidal waistband. It's just a round neck sleeves. I bloody love this thing. I've got another one, but it's a higher higher neck and it's not as flattering. This gets worn once a week. I've got another version that's just from Sheen that's thinner. Really want to buy more. But when it's not winter, it's very hard to buy. And usually when I want to buy something, I can't find it anywhere. And then all of a sudden when I'm not wanting to buy it, they just all appear miracul miraculously everywhere. Um, before I was really interrupted by my battery going dead, the cat I've got to keep moving. So, otherwise I will actually be late. I've got 5 minutes before I have to leave the house. Um, I was wondering if her behavior was linked to her trying to tell me something like maybe she's in a bit of pain still from her teeth. I haven't taken her back to the vet yet. I just can't afford it right now and she's been fine. So, I know it's really bad to leave, but at the moment, I can't I can't fork out thousands of dollars to someone for someone to x-ray her teeth and maybe remove a few. I know I I need to. It's on the list for next year, but at the moment, I just it's not possible, especially at the end of the year. Um, anyway, I'm just wondering if maybe she's just trying to tell me something [sighs] cuz I feel like that's the way they communicate is they poor behavior usually means something else. Anyway, [sighs] I've got to tell you something. Um, have I got time for this? Yes. There we go. The tripod is tripoding. This is Angel Share. This is a decant. I've had this for when did I last get this order? This is probably I don't think this is 2 years old. Maybe it is. I've only just finished it today because initially when I bought Angel Share the first two times, this bottle and the previous decant, this is a scent split decant by the way. Um, easiest and best way, cheapest way to trial viral scents, niche scents, expensive perfume before actually committing to a full bottle. And you don't have to blind purchase or try it in store. You just get one of these. Um, there's a link in the description. I don't think angels angels share is going to be for me. There's there's this weird middle note that just sits weirdly on my skin. It makes me feel nauseous. Anyway, and that's been the case like up until a few months ago. I tried it again cuz I've got I was like, "Oh, I need to wear some of my like really strong ambery perfumes." This is the dupe for Angel's Share from Latafa. This is called Kamra. Um, this is probably the most searched perfume online now. They've [clears throat] come out with like three two flankers. There's like one that's got coffee in it. There's one that's maybe a bit more like cuz there's now just not one angel share. There's three. Paradise and on the rocks. Anyway, so I've got this and there's not a much not much of a dent, right? I've worn it a few times. The only thing is this has got this has got a bit of a peppery tang strong. It's a cinnamon. I think it's very it's got different notes, but it's the same idea. There's something about this that even though this is sat for more than a year, it still doesn't smell like angel share entirely. Like I don't think this is a perfect copy. Like if you want the angel share and you've smelt that and you can't afford it or like by the way it's on sale right now cuz it's Black Friday. Like this is why I'm talking it to this is why I'm telling you all this. Oh, Black Friday sales. Oh, maybe I should get some perfumes that I've been wanting to buy on my wish list. Oh, can I afford to? Oh, it's Christmas. Oh, you know, like Anyway, I clearly haven't used this enough. This is Beast Mode. Lasts for hours. Very strong. Very strong. I like it, but it's got this weird I don't know. It's pungent. There's something in this maybe in the top. I just I need to try it again, but it's it's so strong. Anyway, I was like, "Oh, maybe I'll try Angel Share again. I'll give it another go." This has, mind you, been maturing since I got it, so it's not a fresh bottle. I am in love with this perfume. Oh my gosh. And I literally tried to like milk the pooer out of this bottle. It's empty. I tried to get as much. There was only a little bit left, enough for one application. And um Oh my god, it's heavenly. I for some reason, maybe it's since I've been on Mjaro, I don't have that reaction with the notes in this perfume. It doesn't affect me. I'm just in love with it. So, I it's on the top of my wish list and I I'm like, "Oh god, I need to buy a bottle, wait for sales." I'm wearing that today and it's it's finished. So, I know I need to buy a full bottle. But I think I've talked about this before in um might have been when I got this this year in a haul perfume haul video and I was like look this is pretty much a dupe for this. I don't like this. So this is like blah blah blah. Anyway, [gasps] your nose changes your preference changes DNA your pH levels on your skin like blah blah blah. It's just fascinating to me that once whatever was in this made me feel physically ill like nauseous. My point is that you you evolve and your tastes change and your nose changes and you get more accusto like my nose is so much more like educated. No, it's not the right word. Sorry, I'm probably boring you to death with this and I really need to go now. I I now understand and I've had this I've had a decant since maybe 20 2021. Also, my vlog hasn't gone up yet. It's Tuesday. There's a reason I filmed all this like Black Friday sale stuff which like you know I wanted to put in my vlog but I forgot that I filmed it when I was editing and it's now an hourong vlog and I was like I needed to edit that footage last night instead of posting my vlog and then I had to export the vlog and then I've uploaded the vlog and then I have to redo everything and the thumbnail hasn't even been done yet. So it's going to go up tonight, Tuesday night which is oh so bad. And I'm supposed to be doing like three videos a week starting next week. I don't know. It's not going to it's not looking good. Um I need a code. You know what? Funnily enough, my my um my ultraum like sleep report I get like on the screen every morning says you got more restful sleep. So [gasps] didn't even say my it didn't tell me my sleep was like crap. I got an 84 score and I slept restfully even though I went to bed super bloody late. Four sleep cycles. got 6 hours sleep. How does that work? It's good. It's raining today. It's not very nice. So, I need a coat that is going to be appropriate, which is probably a puffer coat. How weird. Yesterday was 21. I wore a like a skirt, a summer dress. And today, chance of rain. It's raining, right? I got to go. I'm actually just going to Oh, I'm going to sit you on that. I've got you on my blender. See that box there? That's from Macro Mike. I just got my delivery and I just want to show you because they're all new flavors. I'm actually going to do something really weird. I'm going to have a protein smoothie for dinner. This morning I had eggs because I didn't have any protein. So, I had eggs and avocado and then I've had a normal lunch. And then for dinner, I'm going to have what I usually have for breakfast. Hopefully, it'll be enough. But I'm going to have the meal replacement. I'm going to try that. This is peanut butter vanilla ice cream flavor, PB. I haven't tried the peanut butter protein from Macro Mike. So, this would be interesting. Hopefully, it doesn't taste too much like fully like peanut butter. It's peanut protein and it's also fiber bean and pea protein as well, but mainly peanut protein. So, this is 10 meals, 29 g of protein. It's an all-in-one meal replacement shake. I'm not sponsored by them. In actual fact, I applied to be an affiliate for Macro Mike and they rejected me. So, I'm just going to carry on telling you because I love Macro Mike and it's the best protein I've ever had. I also got another almond protein but in a salted caramel flavor. I got these in the Black Friday sale, by the way. They were discounted massively. And then I also got caramelized biscuit because you know why is the light so bad here? Very excited to try as well. And I decided to get a uh variety pack of their latest collab with Kelloggs the Froot Loops Cocoa Pops and Neutrorainspired protein flavors. So these are all like sachets. One, two, six flavors to try, which is exciting. I've got my frozen banana already in the blender. I have switched over to using my Vitamix blender because um it's just I don't know. I just put enough water in to cover what's in there. Oh, I can smell it. I've got a full banana in this because I'm hungry. Hopefully that's not going to be too thick. Sorry, Fluffy. This is not going to be good. You won't like this noise. Cheers. M. Yum. It's got a little bit of a peanuty flavor. I wouldn't say it's I wouldn't say it's like a massive peanut flavor. M. That's [clears throat] nice. But it's really creamy. That would be my earliest dinner in for ages. 6:00. I also need to show you. Oh, little bee sitting in the sun. This is the sauté chicken. I might freeze a few portions. I definitely reckon it's it's thickened up a little bit cuz I added corn starch. It's a nice afternoon. Anyway, first I need to sit down for half an hour and do nothing. Drink my smoothie. [snorts] And it's always feels really weird having a smoothie at the end of the day cuz usually that's a breakfast thing for me. I'll come back later. It's Wednesday today. [laughter] Um Oh, I've only got one earring in. I'm actually on time today, believe it or not. Shock horror. I've just got a lovely like charcoal gray situation on the go. It's uh rainy today. It's been raining. See, these are these don't fall out cuz I don't really wear dangly earrings much to work, but I thought these matched because of the mute muted tones I've got on today. This is my other H&M basic that you can probably still buy a variation of this. And I've decided instead of folding in the turtleneck, I'm just going to leave it like, you know, real chic and just hanging. I really need to buy more than one pair of white sneakers to wear to work because these are really like this is the quality now of Adidas or it's just how much I've worn them. These were purchased this year and they've already got holes from there's three holes in that lining and I need a coat something that's weather appropriate. Hopefully this vlog is not just me in this dressing room the whole time. I had a win actually yesterday, today, this morning. I realized that now on Tik Tok, if you post videos that are in this normal format like this, because obviously Tik Tok's normally like phone format, but if you post a video that's like normal video shape with the black on the top and the bottom, it has this little button on the screen just underneath the footage that says rotate to view full or expand or like you press this little button. It's on one of my Tik Toks. I was like, "Oh, I didn't even realize." And it it rotates the whole video to the side to fit on this full screen. So, you just twist your phone around and you can just watch it like a normal video. Like now, I'm not going to I'm just going to post them like that and then people can twist them and watch them normally and see how that goes. I've got bloody eyelash in my eye. I won't have to squish it down. And sometimes the footage when it's cropped, like I film a lot like this close and then it's cropped, it's just like basically head and this much chest. And obviously on a screen and I'm just this far away, like it doesn't look as like confronting. It's like imagine if I filmed all my all my YouTube um vlogs like this. Imagine if I just talked to you like this the whole time. Uh, so anyway, um, if you're interested, I've got I've been posting a bit more on Tik Tok, which is a lot of fun. I'm going to try not to do similar content across all platforms. I'm getting there. Bear with me. Um, I'm going to wear what's this called? Extreme. I'm going to wear Flower Bomb Extreme today by Victor North. It's just that kind of day, right? Must dash because now I've made myself 5 minutes late. It's not your fault. It's my fault. We're getting there. Right. I need a coat. That's what I need to do. And then what can you see over there? Oh, yeah. There's my couple of clothes folded up. I really need to put my folded folded clothes and socks somewhere else so that they're always in my vlogs in the background and then I edit them and I think, why didn't you move those? You know what? I'd really love to wear this coat. This is from And Other Stories or Other Stories. I don't know how you meant to pronounce their brand name, but it's a little bit over the top, but it's super. Look how puffy this is. [sighs] You're not getting the full effect. Hang on. If you are watching this and you work with me and you're wondering why I'm always late to work, [laughter] look how big this is. Um, I could, but it's a little bit too over the top. I love how it looks side on. I love how like oversized it is. And I can cinch it in even more. Maybe I could wear this. It's very It's just very big. It's very It's very over the top. I feel like a red marshmallow. Had it quite a few years now. Size medium. 80% down, 20% feather. I reckon I should wear this. I just feel like it's going to be 17 today, though. I don't think this is appropriate. This is more of a wear this when it's bloody freezing kind of coat. Anyway, let me know in the comments if I shouldn't have worn this to work. Like, let me know. My vlog that I posted last week, yesterday, this week, uh, was nearly an hour long. Is that too long? Was that too long? Tell me. I think I'm just going to go this. Bye. I, uh, wasn't actually planning on filming. Hello. Hi. Hello. Hello. It's Wednesday night. Just having some food. Sitting on the couch about to do a boatload boatload of editing. And I realized I hadn't shown you my chicken that I made on Monday. Was it Monday? B. This is called I can't be bothered cooking any more vegetables, so I'm being lazy. And I really should have actually heated them up. I should have thrown beans in this when I was reheating the chicken. And then when I realized I should have thrown beans in and I forgot, it was too late by that point. So I just thought, well, we're just going to have carbs and protein tonight. I've just got two pieces of chicken thigh, a bit of the soup. It's not really soup, it's a sauce, but anyway, it's actually really tasty. It's very nice. And some potato gems, some tater tater tarts. So just one serve, 100 g of potato gems just to soak up the juices. Um, I should have made carrot. I still haven't done that. Look, this week's been a bit hectic for me and I'm actually really I can't actually believe that it's December on Monday. Where what happened? How did that happen? Where did Where did it come from? Anyway, so [laughter] [gasps] I've got so much stuff to edit. It's not funny. So, I'm just actually I'm on a TV ban this week. Self-imposed TV ban because I procrastinate. I'm a procrastinator. See, the sun's pouring in. It's so nice pouring in here. Um, so I haven't decided yet about my Christmas decorations. That'll be tomorrow night. Tomorrow night. I've also got to film a few videos tomorrow night that I didn't film on Sunday because what's the time? It's quart to 7:00. And look at the look at the daylight out here. Look at that. So, I I can film now. We're back to the part of the year where I can film after a day of work. Not that I actually usually want to or can be bothered, but it's a get out of jail free card for me if I really feel the need. Anyway, I've just noticed it's a massive amount of bird poo on the window. This is exactly why I prefer to meal prep on a weekend because I have no [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to give on a week night. It's just me. I don't have anyone else to feed except the cats and they don't eat the same food as me unfortunately. So I can't prepare like it's just a huge chore and most of the time I can't be bothered. I come home and all I want to do is heat up my food, not have to stand up for too long in the kitchen cooking something. So when I don't do it or get it done on a Sunday, it chances are my week falls apart unless I have things frozen like already prepared. So something I want to start doing next year is doing more meal prep in bulk that I can freeze as well. So like let's say one Sunday a month I do meal prep for four weeks. One week I keep fresh and the next three weeks are all frozen meals that are tasty when thawed, nutritious and balanced and all that stuff, all that jazz. So all I have to do is one it once every four weeks, do a big shop and then meal prep. And do you know what? It wouldn't actually if I did if I chose the right things, it wouldn't take me forever. Anyway, I just need to be smart about it. If anyone has any uh suggestions or does that already, [gasps] let me know. But also, I need to make sure it's um calorie controlled, if that makes sense. So, I'm in a calorie deficit and I'm not just [sighs and gasps] eating [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like it needs to be I need to plan it out properly. Does anyone else struggle with this sort of thing? Would you be interested in a guide or something? Like maybe I could share what I've learned like a PDF or something. Anyway, I'm going to I'm going to finish eating my food. Oh, and uh an edit. Hello everybody. [gasps] I've just been filming. Um what time is it? It's 7:30. Uh I got home from work and I've been filming. I've just filmed a 50inute video, so my voice is a little bit going. I need to pack up. There's my little companion bee on the couch. Oh, this is my behind the scenes for my YouTube videos. So, I've got my ring light. I've got a tripod. Then, I've also got my iPad so I can read what I'm talking about. And then I usually have my my laptop or my phone there. And then I always have a companion of the four-legged very kind. That's generally how I film them in this spot. I'm so excited that um polka dots are back in cuz I can wear this dress and it fits me now. Um I just wanted to show you something. This arrived today. I got an order from Chemist Warehouse pretty much to just buy these because this is my second bottle of the lotion. Oh my god. I think I've talked about this before to you at least. [gasps] Gee, this I slather myself. I absolutely lather myself. Slather. Lather. I slather. Is that right? This is nearly finished. So, I've bought it upstairs. Um, and I've got a full bottle downstairs next to my bed. But I decided these have only just come out. I wanted to get these as well because I am obsessed with the smell of this bloody cream product. Um, and I actually unboxed these on Tik Tok and tried them and I thought I'd tell you what I think because I already know straight away. This does not smell as strong as the lotion or the whipped cream. This is a body cream. This is the body oil. This is the body lotion. So, do you know what this is? Daily body lotion. 48 hour moisture. This scent is what does it say? Caramelized sugar and vanilla bean. Oh my god. Uh, best vanilla smelling affordable moisturizer I've ever ever tried. Ever. This says 72-hour moisture. So, this one is meant to last longer with the moisture. Dermatologist approved. It's got a very, as it's called whipped, and it is bloody whipped. It's like a whipped butter or something that you get from McDonald's. This smells exactly like the lotion, my favorite in the pump bottle, thankfully. Um, but the body oil is very very faint and it's actually really like a dry body oil. So, it's not like something like coconut oil for example. You know, some of those body oils that really like they just don't soak in. So, I've got it on this arm. You can probably see it's quite there's a bit of a sheen to my arm. Is that going to be the same on this? You can put this in the bath as bath oil. How exciting. I'm definitely going to do that. I used to put coconut oil, just plain old coconut oil in my bath and it just like coats your whole body. It's amazing. If you've never tried it, I highly suggest it. Anyway, so this I'm sure this will be a similar experience, but you can also use it as a massage oil. I've been so excited. I've been so excited to get this. The smell of this moisturizer is so good. When I get excited to wear this to go to bed because it's that nice. Honestly, try it. You You won't be sorry if you like vanilla sweet smelling products at all. So affordable. You can get this in the supermarket here in Australia. These they don't have in Willies. I had to get these from Chemist Warehouse. But anyway, I think what they've done is they've taken Escapade Gand by Mison Maha and they've like used that as inspiration cuz this has got a brown sugar note in it. It's got vanilla in it. Uh can't remember all the other notes, but I haven't worn this in ages Yeah. What I've I think they've dled this down a little bit. Do you know what? That's really matured nicely. God, that's sweet. This Oh my god, that's so much sweeter than when I first got this. Oh, I'm going to wear that tomorrow. Oh, love this perfume. Look at the dent. I really wanted to tell you about that because been so excited. And the other thing I wanted to tell you about [clears throat] which I'm really disappointed by, I also at the same time bought this product. This is the eye bag eraser instant eraser. Look, I tried this. I filmed it. I'm amazed at how it actually tightens the skin. This I used under makeup after skin care. And I that was my first mistake. If you're going to wear this with makeup, you've got to do it last. So, I probably could try it um now cuz [clears throat] I've got makeup on which I've touched up. Um, oh, that'll be my dinner. Uh, so anyway, it does do the job, but if you want to put makeup over it, it won't. It like it really like it made my under eyes look more crepey. Wasn't great. And it was really hard to get off. And they warn you against sleeping with this on your face. They said it's not advisable. You must remove with waterproof makeup remover, which I was a bit concerned by. Anyway, I just don't know. It felt a bit tingly and burny and I just don't know if I want that on my skin seeping into my bloodstream. It was quite cheap actually. 20 bucks maybe. Anyway, I got that but I don't think I'll use it. Let's go down. Oh, no. I'm going to change. I'm going to put on cuz I've been filming. I now need to take this off. Take off my jewelry because um I'm going to get in my comfy clothes. It's bloody freezing today. It's blowing a gale. [sighs] That's better. I actually need to come upstairs though and do my um RF cavitation session on my upper arms and my tummy cuz that's what I'm working on at the moment. So cold. So cold. Right, let's go downstairs everyone. Putting my salmon in. Um, I've got a defrosted portion of salmon, a handful of green beans, some coconut aminos, and a little bit of mirin. I'm just going to whack that in for like seven or eight minutes in the air fryer. And I've also just cooked some sweet potato fries, which smell delicious. So, that's what I'm having for dinner. Oh, they're hot. I don't have any updates mjaro wise. Less constipation which is fantastic. And actually I was thinking about this yesterday. I don't really have that many side effects anymore except for the ones that you want. Like appetite suppression, lack of food noise. There is a little bit of food noise. The one thing I'm noticing the most of is the hunger suppression has really slowly dialed back to being close to what it probably would be if I wasn't on Mangaro. I don't have a lot of food noise though, which is really positive. I do feel full for a long time when I when I eat. It's just the hunger feeling that most people get when they're hungry. I am getting that as well. like it's not suppressed, which it is usually when you're on the correct dose of mangaro, or correct's not the right word, but like a strong enough dose for you. Anyway, but I'm not I'm not too annoyed about that because obviously, like I said before, [sighs] that's what it'll be like when I I'm not on Mangaro, so you know, it's good practice. Everyone say hi to be a little boooo. You're so cute. Thumbnail. Just 7 minutes in the air fryer on 200 cooked and can't remember what I did these for. 210 on for 15 minutes maybe. That's my dinner. Just drizzled some Qi and lemon juice and a bit of cracked pepper on the top. Yummy. Can't wait to eat that. Happy Friday everyone. I don't actually have time to stand here and talk to you. I've run myself late even though I was super early before. Um, I have a serious problem. Uh, just about to go to work. It's bloody windy. It's horrible. And it's Friday. Woohoo. [snorts] Good morning. Happy Saturday. Happy weigh day. It's currently 9:30. I weighed in last week 78.2 kilos and I was pretty shocked actually by that. I think I lost a kilo last week. Let's see, shall we? Let's not waste any more time. I don't know why I keep doing like jazz hands or anything. Oh my god. [gasps and sighs] 77.1. Oh my god. That's 1.1 kilo. >> Freaking [clears throat] hell. What's 77.1 kilos in pounds? >> That would be 169.98 lb. >> So that's what I weigh right now. What's 1.1 kilos in pounds? >> 2.43 lb. >> Wow. Oh, what's my what's my total loss then? Oh my gosh, I've nearly lost 20 kilos.1 of a kilo away from losing 20 kilos, which was my goal. Like, bloody oath. I reckon by next week, all things going to plan, I will have lost 20 kilos in 4 months. And I just didn't think it was possible 4 months ago. Oh my gosh. Right. Let's measure my do my measurements. [music] >> [music] >> There's my line. Look at that line, everyone. 19.9 kilos lost. Half a centimeter lost on my waist as well. Hips and chest stayed the same. Everything else stayed the same. That's good, isn't it? Right, got a few things to do today before I wrap this vlog up. So, yeah. I have finally decided that I'm going to put Bbles on the tree. But I wanted I really really liked the naked vibe, the bald tree, the the bear tree. Thought I was stepping on the cat. The the bear tree. So I've I think I've done a pretty good job here. I've just used green Bbles and my little green sequined feathered birds which I have to have not too low so the cats don't decide to try and you know catch them. So I think I'm really I'm actually really happy this year. Just it's really paired back minimal sort of I mean obviously it's not dark so it'll look better at night. 6:30 p.m. The sun's pouring in. Anyway, I'm very happy with that. Um, and then I've decided to just bring out what I had last year, which is the pudding and the bon bon. And I've just changed my cushions up to complement the colors. Got a bit of red in that ties in with the rug. And then obviously the green and the red on the pudding. It all matches. And we've got Rudy sitting here enjoying everything. How you feeling, Rudy? You excited for Christmas? Just added a few extra woodland animals. That's a Christmas candle from last year that I didn't finish. I got this last year actually from a um IGA in LC. Then finally, I've got uh my Dip Teique Sappa pine candle from last year that is still going. I've actually nearly burned most of it. So, I probably should have bought a bigger one this year because I do love it. This was actually Kmart. Still going. Nearly finished. Actually, I really wanted to whip out one of my Overross candles that I haven't burnt yet. This is cinnamon roll. I just I haven't burnt this one yet because I've had two others to go through. So, I thought I'm going to open this with you. This is how well this is how they used to come. I think they've rebranded or they've at least changed the candle vessels. I only just finished burning croissant. Thought, well, perfect time to whip out cinnamon roll. This is um frosted and I'm pretty sure they've changed the vessel now to be more of a glass maybe ombre or something. Anyway, it's brand new. Has not been burnt yet. Oh, and it's so Christmassy. It's not funny. Oh my gosh, that is amazing. That is Oh my god. I'm going to burn that right now. Oh my god. Don't know where to put that, but that smells divine. Right, I'm going to light that. The only thing I have to do now is the front door bow and the garland on the staircase. So, that won't take me too long. And then I'll show you that. Lit that. And I've also put my little guard around it because obviously it's a fresh flame and it's not like inside the candle and I would hate for my cats to catch on fire. So, I've also got my Freon D's um dipped tea candle from last year as well. That's still I mean it's near nearly finished. It's more for decoration actually, but I will burn that burn that down and then I'll be able to use this vessel for makeup brushes, no doubt. Then this is this is always here, but this is Christmasy anyway. This is Gabrielle from Trudeon. Then I've got my two little nutcrackers. This is going to be transformed shortly because I'm going to put the garland on here and I'll put the bow on the front door. I have finished. It's not fully dark yet, but I can't be bothered waiting to show you. Uh, so I've got Freon Day's lit. Look how glowy it looks when it's lit. How cuteish. Right. So I've this year I've put my um what's this thing called? I've put this on the top. Last year I had it running along the bottom. I really need to get more so I can make this a bit more like drastic. But this is from Temple and Webster. Same place I got the tree. Same exact like type of it's the same line I guess you'd call it. Um anyway, it's got a battery operated um on and off with different settings. There's eight settings. And then I've just put this here. This is another garland. This is an Australian theme. Garland I got from Target years ago. So, it's got like I don't know if they're meant to be eucalyptus. Anyway, and then this is also a cheapy, but that just I thought that looked really cute in the the front entry. Um, I'm not going to show you the front door, but there's the bow from the back. I have to pin it, so it's a bit of a task, but just know it looks fantastic. I got it from Maya a few years ago, and then I think the following year, you could get it in Kmart, which is typical. Anyway, I didn't actually put this this away. This is a Christmas candle from Kmart last year. There's still candle in there. Um, so I've left that out all year. And same, this is just my sire from Trudeon and it's a honey scent. It's so nice. Anyway, that's also a really good Christmas candle. And then also I've just put all the decorations that normally would have been hanging on the tree like this. And these I've just put them all on doorork knobs. So there's little owls hanging off all my doors. And in my spare bedroom guest room, I've just got a from last year as well. It's not my favorite. It's barely been burned. So, I've just actually left that in here all the time. Have I fluffs? Yes. Don't look at the floor. It needs vacuuming. Hello, Bee. Hello, darling. Hi. It's getting a little bit darker now. Yes. There's the tree. Isn't it great? I love it. I'm very happy with that. Oh, hi. Hang on. Hello, Pet. And I'm in the spirit. So, I'm going to put my Topshop Christmas jumper on that I dearly love with the sequined Christmas trees all over it. Um, can you see them? Oh, it's actually the perfect spot. Look how sparkly. Ah, look at it. How sparkly am I? Anyway, I will end up wearing this to work one day this year. Probably just before I finish work if it's cold enough. That is probably It usually is inside. It gets a bit chilly um in the air conditioning. Anyway, I think I've pretty much sorted Christmas now decoration wise at least. My burn is really getting worse. I've been applying that stuff all day. It's very annoying because it's bad timing. I need to film tomorrow. I know I can cover it up with makeup, but it still shows through. It's Christmas. I don't really want to have a giant burn on my face. Like, really not great. Not great. Anyway, um I'm going to make myself a steak cuz it's 7:30. Can you believe 20 7? And start my next vlog. There'll be more much more Christmas content coming up, Christmas chat. [music] So, please subscribe, hype this video, like this video, blah blah blah. Check me out on Tik Tok and Instagram because [music] I am now regularly posting on both of those platforms. Go me. Anyway, I hope you've enjoyed this Christmy themed vlog, Vlogmas vlog. Thanks so much for watching and I will see you in [music] my next video. H bye.

- WEEK 14 on Mounjaro — The Most Unexpected Changes This Week: Kind: captions Language: en How did that happen? Look at my hair. Dangerous goods. Okay, cast your votes, people. Pray for me. Momento. We do this every day, don't we? Healthy, natural, gorgeous. I'm sleeveless. I just wanted one from each shop. I'm not going to run. What am I saying? Poor me. I know. World's smallest violin. Just hear me out. Just listen. Crack for your rice. Look at it. Oh, fluffy. What are you doing? No bra. There it is. Oh my gosh. I'll tell you. French lunch. I can't. Silly Sammy. What do you want from me? I'm done. [gasps] Hello everybody. Welcome to a new vlog. Just brushing my hair before bed. It's really late. It's Saturday night. I have to do my injection for Maljaro for wink uh 14, which is nuts. Should have gone to bed like 2 hours ago based off how tired I am. But anyway, here we are. [sighs] Okay, now I'm ready. Okie dos. I'm going to stay doing just 2.5. Do you know what? It hasn't been that bad. I weighed in this morning and I lost half a kilo. That's not too bad for the third second week. Third week. Where am I up to? I don't even know. It's too late. What am I doing? [snorts] What am I even doing? I really need to go to bed. Oh, I need to wash my hands. Right. Hands are freshly washed with hot soapy water. I do have hunger coming back at times earlier in the week, earlier in the day when I wake up. But as someone kindly pointed out, you know, you're meant to have hunger. That's a normal natural reaction in life to be hungry. I'm going to do the click method again clearly because I am staying on two and a half. I'm not changing anything at the moment. I don't really see the need. 21 22 23 24 30 I'm running out of options with fat in my stomach, which is not a bad problem to have. Done. I can't believe that it's mid November. Today's the 15th, so in six weeks Christmas will be done with. It'll be finished. Also, these pajamas I love. These are like my Christmas time of year generally um pajamas. They're a short pajama, which is great in summer. They're a size like 18. I got them from um somewhere. Can't remember now. Anyway, um they are really big. Like they're fine. I don't mind having big pajamas, but they're very big. It's 11:30, so I need to go to bed. I'll see you tomorrow. It's like 9:45. Wrong passcode. Try again in 5 minutes. Bloody hell. I think it's about 9:30. I've had my Woolworth's shop grocery haul delivered. So, I'm going to show you what I got. Wy's haul. sweet potato fries, oriental stir- fried vegetables, and these are my favorite frozen beans. They are cut uh sliced beans, so they're just chopped up and they are the best. They taste like fresh beans. Got chicken thighs straight to the freezer and I will make my soup next week. Diced chicken breast for my meals for the week for meal prep to marinate later today. Just got another steak from Wworth's. I have one coming from Coohl's in like an hour. I just wanted one from each shop. Does anyone else do that? Check both apps to see where it's on special. And if it's like on special in that shop, you buy all the stuff that's on special in each shop. And then other things you just like add in randomly. And like the steak wasn't on special when it's $9 in each shop, so I got one from each. I know I said I was going to get pasture-raised eggs from now on, but I just needed eggs. And I couldn't be bothered going to the shop to get the special eggs. And I've still got half dozen left. 18 freerange eggs. I got some odd bunch avocados. Oh my god, these are so green. I got some eat later bananas to freeze for my smoothies. These are very green. I probably wouldn't have picked such green bananas, but anyway, they'll be a little bit yellowower in a few days time. I'll chop these up, put them in the freezer, and then they are for my smoothies. Just got my favorite bread. I got this because someone at work told me it was amazing. It's like crack for your rice. Anyway, I didn't realize it was in a glass jar. How cool is that? This is all liquid. Just got some more oat milk. I got some almond milk from Milk Lab this time. It wasn't on special, but if it is, this is usually when I buy it. But I had to buy some the other day because I had to get some from the IGA and they only had this. They didn't have my other favorite like blue bottled so good barista almond milk. So, I got this instead cuz I know it's okay. It's pretty good. And I was like, "Oh, I forgot how good this is. It fros amazingly. It's such a good frother. Anyway, I got um I got five. I got some more of my favorite. And I also thought I might try the other brand because when this is out of stock, they have this. So, I got one of each. And and I am trying the pistachio white chocolate coconut water. Haven't tried it yet. So, it was it's a blind buy. Wanted to try this today. These are on special two for one. I just got some more velvet soap or sorry, sunlight pure soap in the laundry. I use this to clean my makeup brushes. Get stains out of clothes. Just use it as a general soap. Love this stuff. Just got some more Woolly's brand um pain medication because I always get some when I order from Worth's basically. The last thing I got, I got the Got to be glued wax stick. Hopefully, this will be like my saving grace for all my little like baby hairs that stick up all the time. Um it's got Oh, smells nice. It's got coconut oil and shea butter in it. So, I'm excited to try that. Actually, you just sort of go like this to, you know, get rid of the the flyaways. So, excited for that. Uh, that's it done. I'm going to make a coffee now because it's 10:00 and I haven't had anything to eat or drink. Side effects. Last night, I was nauseous for like 5 minutes last night in bed. Actually, it took me a while to fall asleep. I will say that, but that was because I was up till 11:30 editing. Coohl's has arrived. My sister said this is quite good, so I'm going to try this. Haha, it's good. Garnier Good permanent hair color. I got the shade dark coo brown, shade four. I bought two cuz I have a lot of hair. They're on special and they've only given me one. And here's my Cooh's version of the Scotch Fillet steak. I just got a small macro mic golden gay time protein because I'm out and I need to make an order to get some more. So, until that gets here, this is five six serves. So, this will get me through the week cuz I'm out of protein. And I just got some descaler for my Breville coffee machine. Instead of buying the one from Breville, I've just gotten the cheap Cooh's version. So, hopefully this is okay. I'm sure it's fine. Oh, maybe I did only get one. Oh, it was out of stock. That's so annoying. Okay, it wasn't charged. It was out of stock. So, that's great. Obviously, cuz it's on special. Wonder if I could use one pack instead. Right, it's been quite a few hours and I'm still in the same pajama top. Um, I had a shower. I've washed my hair. I've done my makeup. I've styled my hair. I styled it with this bloody thing. This is amazing. This thing. This Oh my gosh. If Look at my hair. Look at my hair. I mean, come on. It does need a trim. Yes, I've got very long like face framing layers have grown [clears throat] out, but but look at the style. Would you look at it? I like how flicky it looks. But also, [snorts] I didn't have time, but I would probably actually pin these up on rollers, like velcro rollers, just just to get the lift in the roots. Um, but anyway, I've run out of time, so I didn't do that. Um, it's 3:30 and I haven't done the filming. I have two videos to film and some Tik Toks to film. I've got time, but uh I wanted to have it done by now. So, as per usual, I'm running late on a on a Sunday. Anyway, I also used this in my hair to tame all of the like flyaways. And can you tell? Like, yeah, my hair does look a little bit flat. I could probably just put my hair upside down and and it out a bit, but I don't have any bloody bloom and baby hairs sticking up. I'm amazed. I'm amazed. I I'm just trying to get myself organized because like I said, I'm running out of time. I think I'm filming my November perfume haul next weekend, but I have had an opportunity to wear test this perfume and it's it's very nice. It's really sweet, but like a little bit spicy. Gorgeous. Gorgeous. And like as I've been wearing it, I've been getting like wafts of it and I've been thinking, "Oh, is that 2150 revery? Don't know how to say that properly. Sorry. Is that my perfume?" And yes, it's been the perfume. really like this. Very happy. Not returning. Oh, I know what I wanted to show you. Do I have time? I was going to steam it. I was going to steam it, wasn't I? I've got a whole lot of steaming to do after trying on all the clothes um yesterday. I found some gems. I found some gems. I need to decide what to wear for my Christmas party for like my work Christmas party. And I've got a couple of really nice red dresses that I'm considering that now fit me again. So maybe we'll do that next weekend and then I'll have time to steam everything and show you. I will show you how I actually use this when I've had a little bit more time to play around with it because I want to get this technique down pat because this is my new fave new fave way to do my hair. I will show you one though. I have to steam this. But this is a dress that I used to love and wear um in like 2016. [gasps] By the way, look how massive my tripod is. This dress is from I think it's from ASOS. It needs a steam around the little frilly bits on the edges. But I can't believe this fits me. I am so amazed. It's like a crossover. Um and apparently polka dots are back in. My sister tells me. And I've got loads of polka dot dresses that I kept and I must have known. Anyway, it's a little bit creased at the bottom, but I think I might film in this today just because I love the color. And it's very short though. I haven't worn a short a a very short hemline in a while, but anyway, there we go. Loving it. I'm in the middle of filming. It's Sunday afternoon. I've still got my little microphone on. I'm filming Tik Toks. Actually, I've done some YouTube videos. I've fed the cats. I have to do the bins. I have to do my chicken marinade. But there's one thing that I want to do with you before anything else. And also, my phone died while I was filming a Tik Tok. So, that's charging, which is fun. Obviously, I'm on this weight loss journey. I've been eating more healthy foods, but as you all know, I've got IBS and lactose intolerant, so I've got like lots of food intolerances. I've got now the cat's in the litter box. There's no like known IBS test at the moment, which is really annoying, but I would dearly love to know if I've got any other intolerances food-wise or whatever else. Anyway, I've decided to do a an intolerance test with a company called Check My Body Health. They've come to Australia finally. So, it's really easy actually. You you buy the test online. They send you an email that comes with this barcode and basically you follow the steps. You post them a hair sample. So you cut out a couple of strands just at the back of your hair like at the bottom and you send them your hair sample. You post it to them. They test it for all these different things and then you get an email with all your results. So then you can see what you are intolerant to. They test for food, gluten, lactose, and gut health. That's the bloody cat. They've got three different levels of tests. You can get the complete comprehensive test, which is what I have. They test your hair sample against 1,500 items. There is one that's 990 items, which is just food sensitivities. And then they also test essentials, which is 650 items. So, there's still like quite a lot that you're getting your hair sample tested against. Anyway, you get your results back and it tells you what things your um DNA reacted to. Basically, the one that I have, which is their best seller, these are the things that I am getting my hair sample tested for. intolerances for food and drinks, dairy and gluten, gut health and digestion, plants, grasses, pollins, E numbers, additives, skin health, vitamins, minerals, stress and inflammation, nutrition, animals and insects, metal sensitivities, anti-aging and sleep hormones. Like there is a 100% money back guarantee as well, which I really like. And there's like customer support, nutritionist support as well based off your results. you get your results back within three to five working days, which is also really cool. If you get the comprehensive test like me, there's an anti-aging test where they they test hyaluronic acid and collagen to identify signs of aging in skin, bones, and joints. They test for stress and inflammation by examining cortisol levels, which indicate stress and anti- and inflammatory biomarkers. Evaluate sleep quality by analyzing the melatonin in your hair which is responsible for your quality of sleep. How your skin reacts to fragrances, household chemicals, cosmetics and the tolerance levels that your skin has. And also they assess the hormones leptin which is the full hormone that makes you feel full and grein which is responsible for regulating hunger. So I would be most interested in those two particularly. I actually am also really keen to know what my results come back for lactose because I know I'm lactose intolerant and obviously I've got IBS and I just I'm really curious to see what my actual health results come back as from a lab. Hopefully I get my results back this week. That'd be great, wouldn't it? Um if I don't then because I'm in Tazzy, maybe it might take a little bit longer to get to the lab. I will definitely have it in the next vlog to talk about. I think why it's great is you can really you can easily pinpoint like what's causing any issues with your digestion especially or other parts of your health essentially. So like I know that when I kind of realized I had IBS, I couldn't figure it out. I was like why do I feel like this all the time? Why am I always bloated? Why do I always have diarrhea or constipation, bad skin? There was so many things that it was caused by and it was just certain foods. I actually have a discount code. You get 10% off if you use my code which is on screen. It is Samantha 10. Anyway, um I'm going to do my sample now so I can get that sorted and hopefully by then my phone will be charged so I can keep filming my video. Right, let's get some scissors. So, I am going to use a snaplo bag. That is what is recommended. So, if your hair is longer, like if you've got long hair, they only need four to five strands. If your hair is shorter than 3 cm, then they need 8 to 10 strands. Please ensure you cut as close to the root as possible. Hair dye does not affect testing. Place the strands into a more small sealable bag, ensuring the hair remains dry and secure. Place the small bag with the hair sample and your barcode attached into a secure envelope. and then post. It would be probably helpful if you had someone to do this for you, which I do not have. I'm worried I'm going to cut more than just what I need. This is actually really hard. Okay, pray for me. [laughter] That's how much I've got. That's plenty. Like, that's way too much. Anyway, I've got so much hair it doesn't matter. going in. There we go. Done. I wonder how many people send too much hair. Right, she's in. Okay, all I have to do is write the address and post this baby. So, I'm going to do that tomorrow on my way to work. Wouldn't it be funny if I was intolerant to cats? Right. Uh, I need to do the bins. I need to What do I have to do? I'm going to go upstairs and do my cavitation RF um treatment. I do two a week. Got to top up the cat litter. I've got to do my chicken marinade. I've got to do the bins. I've got to finish filming. I've got to do some editing. And it's 6:00 p.m. Monday. Um, happy Monday. My computer has overheated whilst editing. So, I'm just going to vlog instead because um I've got nothing to do and I'm in the car on my break. No real side effects to report actually, which is good. My constipation has eased, thank the bloody Lord. That's it really. I've been um I've been posting a little bit more on Tik Tok these last few weeks and a couple of my little videos have gained a lot of views. So, I'm getting a lot more like comments and people asking stuff and it's kind of um some people are a little bit brutal. They don't believe me that I've lost this much weight um in the space of time that I lost it in. It's just so much easier you guys on here because you you're my little family and you listen to me and I don't have to like explain myself 600,000 times. Anyway, Tik Tok's a bit of fun. It's a bit of fun, actually. Finally got round to posting my all my vlogs and stuff. Someone walking around like she's got no idea what's going on in the car park. She's never been here before. Have you se you know that meme signs that it's someone's first day on Earth? She's walking around looking. Maybe she's lost something. No, she doesn't know where her car is. She's come to the wrong level. That bag there is full of clothes. I have to donate. I keep forgetting to put it in a donation space, place, bin. Um, anyway, I got to run back to the office cuz I have to eat have my lunch. I'm not going to run. What am I saying? We'll just vlog when I get back. When I get home after work. Okay. Okay. I'm home now. Same day. Um, nothing's really changed. Oh my god, that light. [gasps] Uh, I just want to show you these pants. These are a couple of years old. I reckon these are from 2022. Don't know if you can really see them. They've got a seam running down the whole way, which I love. They do have a split though, which if you you might remember the style where everything has a split in the inside. But these are a like just suit pants style. They're from Duba. They've got a zip here and a little faux pocket there. But these are a size 14. And when I bought them, they were not this loose. I remember like I wore them a few times and they were a little bit tight for me at work. They're a bit annoying. So I didn't wear them after that. And then I found them on the weekend and they are a little bit big. Like they still fit me, but they're nice and like loose fitting. Anyway, I wore them to work today and I had to show you because I was really excited that I discovered them. I forgot. Totally forgot I kept these. And they were great. Very comfortable. Not a lot of stretch, but just super baggy and loose. Little fluffy at the command post. I've got to do my chicken marinade because I didn't do it yesterday. today. I ran out of energy. So, I'm going to do that, but I'm going to film it for Tik Tok. Really enjoying using Tik Tok actually at the moment. It's quite fun. Obviously, YouTube's my one true love, my my favorite and my priority. If you feel like following me on Tik Tok, that'd be great. Uh I hit 1,000 followers actually yesterday, so that was exciting. Oh my god. Stop saying um stop it. Stop it. I want to just quickly throw on a few dresses that I got that I got that I discovered. Hang on, let's turn on this light. I am about to lose battery with this little light that's bloody handy. Oh my gosh, why did I not buy one sooner? I'm just going to do a really quick fun try on with you of a few pairs of few pairs of a few outfits. Mainly just No, they're all dresses. A few dresses that I've just discovered from my wardrobe from when I used to be this size. I can't believe they fit me. I'm I was in disbelief. I should have filmed it at the time, I know, but I was literally there for 2 hours, so I wouldn't have had enough battery or memory in my memory cards. But anyway, I'm going to show you now because it's really fun and I also need help choosing what to wear for my Christmas party for work. Now, this dress needs a steam. I was going to steam all this before I showed you, but I just I can't be bothered. So, anyway, we're not doing it. I got this the end of 2019 just before co I only got the chance to wear it a couple of times and then I gained a lot of weight and it wouldn't fit me anymore. And obviously it's a beautiful green color. It's clearly an option for Christmas, maybe Christmas day. It's from Kmart, could you believe? I just love the fact that it's got a tie waist. It's below the knee. I could wear this to work. I'm not huge fan of the cut off sleeve situation, but I will look past that because I love this um color and this style. Anyway, I just love a little pretty like tea dress number. Love this. I'm so excited. I'm literally I was like, if this fits me, I'm done. >> Hello, my darling. Hi. You're so precious. You going to go? You going to jump down? You going to jump down? Bye. Bye-bye. I love your little pantaloons, Fluffs. And this is another dress that I am that excited that I now fit into again. Fluffy, thank you. You're in my way. It's so cold up here. Uh, I should have put a bra on. Just a really nice maxi in like an olive green color. I got this when I was modeling for Crossroads when I used to do all their campaigns and online um shoots for the e-commerce for the website. And this was I would say from about 20 2017ish. I remember when I tried it on a few years ago and I just couldn't get it over my thighs and my butt. That's the cat making lots of lovely noise. This is another option for Christmas Day just because it's this really pretty but like quite deep green color. Anyway, just got a normal back like that. Love it. I'm not sure if I want to come any closer [laughter] to the mirror. Does anyone remember? This is from Cook Eye. It's a little bit tight. Does anyone remember these dresses? So, this fits me. It's a size one, so it's a little bit tight. Oh my gosh. I used to Oh, fluffy. I used to wear this so much. It's a little bit tight on the arms, but it actually fits me. Obviously, I'm not going to reinstate this dress anytime soon, but it is very tight. like you can see everything. I just had to show you because it's hilarious. I had to keep something and I've got one in black as well actually, but I used to wear this so much going out. I mean, I could still wear it now to be honest. There you go. By the way, how beautiful are my shoes? Uh, I will be wearing these for my Christmas party. This dress is a little bit more my style now. It's obviously very similar to the last one, but it's got a cover up here. Legs are on show. It's still very tight. I need to pull it down a bit, actually. Sleeves, everything. Love these shoes. Love them. Can you see how sparkly they are? This is from Boohoo. I'm considering wearing this to my Christmas party. I don't know if it's a little bit inappropriate for a work Christmas party. It's very tight. It's got a little slit at the back. but it's sort of classy tight. Does that make sense? I feel like I'm making sense. Anyway, let me know what you think. I've got uh two more options at the moment that I'll show you that are in red. This is totally different. So, this is from Forever New. This is a size 12 just for reference for anyone. And this needs seriously needs to be sprayed with static. Very floaty, feminine, quite elegant, a little bit more forgiving obviously. There's another option. What do you think? This is the final option. So, this is from Buhoo as well. I think I wore this to Rose Hill races um when I went with Boohoo quite a few years ago, but it is very revealing for my colleagues. Boobs are out, legs are not. Those three options at the moment are what I am considering for the Christmas party. Cast your votes, people. Hello, darling. You've been keeping me company. You've been keeping me company, pet. They're my shoes. I need those. Hi. You were in the sun and now the sun's gone. >> Good morning, everybody. It's uh just a little bit after where I'm not running late. Um Tuesday. Happy Tuesday. I'm just getting ready. Oh, back into the sun. Good girl. I have decided that I need to start wearing my spring themed perfumes. Um, I bought a bloody tripod for this, but it's downstairs. So, we're just popping you on the stair banister. I know I want both of these perfumes, but I need to use up the Oh, is there any left in there? Oh, I don't think Oh, this is going to get me one one arm's worth. I'm going to go with Impadia or Impardia by BDK. I want to buy this. I just haven't yet. And the other one I want to buy is Delina exclusive. But look how much I have left in my decant. So I'm going to use this up first. I've just decided that it's spring. Even though it's cold, it's going to be windy and 16 today. It's spring. So I should be wearing all my florals that I have. Spring-like perfumes. Anyway, so I'm going to wear one on each arm and then I'll know which one I want to buy first. You're looking at me like you love me. Do you love me? >> [laughter] >> super windy today. So, I will probably end up just like chucking my hair back in a low bun and then just taking it out at the office. And I'm going to have to wear a really warm coat. I wore a I wore my velvet puffer coat yesterday. I'm going to go with I'm actually going to go with this. Yeah, this coat's getting a little bit too big for me now, but I just like this red with the gray. Really like that combo. I probably could do with something a little bit longer because of the wind. Can't waste it. There's a little bit left. I'll just put it all over my arm. Right. The rest is going to be Delina exclusive. Oh, it's like a combination between Delina exclusive and Ammoage Guidance, I think. But I don't like Ammoage Guidance cuz the pear and it makes me smell like I've got bad body odor. It's really shocking. Oh god, I love that perfume. Oh, so nice. I don't need a lot of this cuz it's it's um it's strong, but it's bloody beautiful. Expensive though. I know. Very expensive. Oh yeah, they're totally different. This is like BDK has got a little bit more ambery woodiness to it, whereas Delina and Delina exclusive both are a little bit more like traditional rose smell. But this is really sweet rose. It's like Turkish delight. It's just so nice. Yeah, BDK Impatia has definitely got like a juiciness to it. like this pear that sweetens it up and it's just it's really nice. I will see you later. Bye. Good morning. Just I've got a tripod but I'm just going to use this cuz it's so much easier to sit you on. Oh dear. I'm just making my morning coffee and I realized something actually. This morning I was going to have a shower and wash my hair and because it's like it's getting to what is it? Day Sunday, Monday, Tuesday. So this is like day four if I wash my hair on Sunday. Um, anyway, I brushed it with the Veos brush and it's like so much better already. So, I'm just going to like give it another brush and like style it properly cuz it's just it's been up in a bun. So, anyway, I realized that I didn't need to wash my hair basically is what I'm trying to say. And I've like um Hello. Hello. Yeah. So, I've got an extra day before I have to wash it, which is exciting. I'm just putting it up so it's out of Zay. I'm making my morning coffee. I realized that I've been neglecting you this week. I'm filming on my phone for Tik Tok this week as well for a like what I eat. God, that's terrible. What I eat um in a week. So, if you're interested in that, go over to my Tik Tok. I've had a few viral videos, which is exciting. Lots of questions from people. Hopefully some of you have come over from Tik Tok to see to see uh to join the family. That would be great. But anyway, it's very different, isn't it? On a different platform. Everything's different. Anyway, I'm still getting used to it. But [sighs] so, what what is it? It's Wednesday today. I actually did my meal prep last night. And is it really Tuesday? Wednesday. Yeah, it's Wednesday. I meal prepped on Monday night and last night because I couldn't be bothered doing it on Sunday, which is very lazy of me. Very bad. I just had a lot of other stuff I wanted to get done. And then by the time I was like, "Right, time to sort out my meals for the week. It was after 5 on Sunday." And like anything after 5:00 p.m. on a Sunday, I'm just like, "No, [snorts] not going to happen. >> [sighs] >> It's time to prepare myself mentally for the week. I made an order last night on Macro Mic because they've got a Black Friday sale, so everything's really, really discounted. I'm not affiliated with Macro Mic. They they rejected my application, but anyway, that's all right. We won't talk about that. Haven't got enough followers. Um, so I don't care. Look, I love them anyway. Oh, I need my banana. I usually use three chunks of banana, but there's only two left. My bananas, I don't know if you can see them back there. They're not They're still a little bit green. I like them to be like one level riper because they're better for IBS to be honest, not so like full on ripe, but that's just a little bit too raw. This weekend's going to be exciting because it's the Las Vegas Grand Prix and all the because it's a night race mainly. I think there's only one session that's maybe earlier. Everything is in the middle of the day. I get to watch everything live, but it's also really bad because um [clears throat] why is it really bad? It's bad because I've got so much to film. I'm going to film Christmas content. I've got to set my tree up. I've got like four or five sit down videos I want to record. I want to record Tik Toks. Like, I won't have any bloody time. It's so hard having a full-time job trying to do this. Anyway, side effects wise, my digestion has gone back to normal pretty much. Oh, maybe not. Like, I reckon I'm 50% better than I was on 5 millig. I must go because it's quart to 8. Um, I'll see you later actually after I've eaten. There's a hair. Oh my gosh, big hair. I'm going with this this combo today obviously except for the slippers. It's another cold day here today. This is from Target. This is a Lily Loves jumper and it was on sale when I bought it. It was like $15 or $20 or something ridiculous. Anyway, it's a lot looser on me now. And I need to pick some shoes. The other thing I wanted to show you, I need to bring my tripod up here cuz I keep forgetting. Wearing this one today. I'm actually really loving this perfume. It's It's easy to take with you as well because it's so thin. Sprays really well as well. As well as well as well. It's got to leaf, plum, tonka bean, maybe vanilla. Um really like it actually. Victoria Beckham 2150 Rey. I think that's how you say it. It's probably not. Earrings. Earrings. It's very windy here at the moment. Like it's really spring in Tazzy is usually quite windy like October, November. Really notorious for wind. I'll probably just put my hair back actually in a scrunchie to walk to work. The only annoying part is because it's really windy like oh my god the trees fully going off out there. Um, it makes my eyes watery and uh I also my nose runs so that's really annoying. I think that's called hay fever. [gasps and sighs] I got an email this morning from YouTube um saying that I am now eligible to create uh memberships or like have um a paid membership or something on YouTube. Does anyone do those? Is anyone actually a paid member of someone's YouTube like exclusive? Like I think you can have tiers and you get certain perks depending on the level or something and it's like more access and like different access to stuff on YouTube than just normal subscribers that are free. It's very interesting. So I hit 2,600 and something yesterday. So I don't know if that's must be to do with my analytics. I don't think it's I don't think like you hit 2,600 sub subscribers and they're like, "Hey, you're ready now." Anyway, uh does anyone do that? I'd love to know, not so much like would you join mine, but does anyone have is anyone a member of someone else's paid membership thing on YouTube? And if I was to do that, not saying I will, but if I was to do that eventually, what would you actually want from me? What do you want from me? What do you want from me? What would you what would you expect? What would you be wanting and hoping for if that was something I started on YouTube? Where the freak is it? Channel memberships. That's what it's called. Channel memberships. Exclusive benefits when they join your channel as a paid monthly member. And you can pick the rewards, how much to charge, yada yada. Anyway, I mean, I knew there were I knew it existed, but I didn't know you had to be like eligible. I thought you could just do it. [laughter] [gasps] Would anyone be interested? And if so, what would I what would I give you? What would I do? Hm. Anyway, something to think about. Obviously, I mean, I don't have that many subscribers, so I don't know if that would be if there'd be any point to that right now, but maybe one day. Right, I got to pick a coat and go cuz I'm I'm waffling on and it's now half past. We do this every day, don't we? It's really bad. I could go the navy. I'm tempted to just go in a black wool. You know what? I know. I know it's not super stylish, but it's just because I walk to and from the office when it's bloody windy, so I'm going to go the big puffer just for the warmth sake, the warmth factor. Anyway, I'm going to go. Bye. Wow, that light is so efficient. So bright though. Hello everybody. Hi. Hi. Hi. Hi. It's Wednesday night. I've just had some dinner. I've been editing pretty much. That's all I've been doing. Um, and I'm just about to eat. There's Bee. Can you see her? I'm just eating my dessert, which is literally a kiwi. A gold kiwi, whatever they're called. So nice. I love how sweet sweet they are. It's just like having It's very hard to put kiwi on a plate and not have it. I need to put it in a bowl. Like it's such a good dessert because it's sweet, but it's also healthy, natural, full of fiber, healthy carbs. Anyway, I try and have one a day. I'm keeping up with that as long as I buy them. The reason I'm coming on here is first of all, I'm very shiny. Um, that's not why I'm on coming on here. I am so tired. Do I look tired? I feel tired. Do you want to know why I'm tired? I'll bet you want to know why I'm tired. I'll tell you. I've been getting up at 6:30 when my alarm's been going off. I have not been hitting snooze. I have been getting up on time, which is very good. Um, well done me. It's only Wednesday, so I've only done it three times, but I'm so tired. I am so so tired. I could literally go to bed now. It's 5 to 9. Turn the lights off and I'd be gone. The only annoying part is I'm not ready to go to bed yet. I've probably got another at least another hour in me. I'm just watching also Morning Wars. the latest episode on Apple TV editing my very late October perfume haul. I think I filmed it two weekends ago now. It should have been edited by now and posted cuz it's like the middle of November. Anyway, uhoh. Let's see if I can get a 4 day streak with getting up early. I can do it. I can do it. Good night. Hello everybody. Hi. It's a I'm home from work. It's Thursday, Friday Eve. I don't know if I vlogged this morning. I can't remember. I just need a mirror. Little bit shiny. Maybe I'll just put powder on. I've got a headache. I'm very tired. Oh, poor me. I know. World's smallest violin is playing just for me. I've actually just come on here because I've got a perfume that I want to unbox and um I'm doing it on my vlog because this is a limited edition perfume and I don't think you can buy it in Australia anymore. I think all the I think it's all sold out uh online at least. So, I was going to buy this perfume a couple of weeks ago, maybe. Well, [clears throat] the probably this I was going to buy it a while ago when it first came out and then I was like, "Oh no, maybe just wait." And then when I went to buy it, I couldn't buy it. David Jones [clears throat] had sold out and I was like, Anyway, it arrived today because I ordered it from Harrods. This is a parcel. This is a perfume. I love how it says dangerous goods. Okay. Express worldwide. And it's taken about a week, maybe a bit more than a week actually, and I [snorts] have not smelt I've only smelt the original version once, and I've not tested it on my skin like full time. I've just read reviews and I was like, you know what? I'm going to buy it. So, we will see. Harrods. This is exciting. This is a lot more bougie than the Selfridges um box that I got Valentino rendevous Ivory in. There it is. So much packaging. I wonder what the people in the warehouse who were packaging this up thought. So, I'm just going to quickly give my hair a brush cuz I've decided that it needs it. It desperately needs it. Oh my god. That's better. That's better, isn't it? All right. What is the perfume? Just bloody tell us, would you? I got Shalomar Lance by Geran. This came out not that long ago to celebrate 100 years for Gerlan. Or is it for Shalomar? Might be Shalomar, actually. Anyway. Anyway, so I got the limited edition. This is meant to be way more vanillaary than the original. I will be the judge of that. Well, actually, I won't be the judge of that because I don't I've never tried the original Shalomar on my skin. So, there's that. I've actually wanted to try Shalomar for ages, but then then this was announced or this was like released, I thought, "Oh, maybe I'll just get a limited edition." How cute is that bottle? I should tell you the notes in this. Let me just Uno momento. U [clears throat] mmentoto. Um, by the way, Harrods is like $5 cheaper for shipping to Australia than Selfridges. Just as a little FYI if anyone is up for buying perfumes from the UK. I have this feeling that Shalomar was the first ambery perfume or the first perfume that had vanilla in it ever. Correct me if I'm wrong. Yeah, it's 100 years. 100 years celebration. Top notes bergamot, almond, incense. Heart notes opanine, accord rose and iris, so powdery floral. Base notes, bengeoir or benzoinne lid. Oh, I can smell it. Yeah. Okay. Oh, it's really quite boozy, actually. Yeah. Oh, what's that remind me of? You know what it reminds me of a little bit? It kind of reminds me of that. Just a little bit. Oh, it's really nice. Strong. I think the benzoine's quite strong in this. It's very boozy. I'm definitely getting a lot of almond bergamot. Oh, it's the incense. Actually, incense definitely is very strong when you first spray this perfume. Oh, I can't wait to wear this. It This is I would say this is probably more of a cold weather perfume or an evening perfume. It's very strong. I'm actually not I'm I'm happy. I'm happy. I'm not uh I've learned my lesson. I don't obsess straight away. I need to test it first on my skin. See how it goes. Oh, it's actually not as strong anymore. It's sort of settled a little bit. Yeah, I really like that. It's very cold weather. Cold weather appropriate. Dark nights. The bergamont really helps everything to be a little bit less like fullon. I thought it was going to be a lot more powdery. I'm very pleased it's not. Yeah, lovely. Oh, I like this. Yes, very happy. I need to try the original Shalomar. Now, the original has vanilla in it. I don't actually know what the notes are to compare. Maybe I should check. Gerlan perfumes are always very good quality. You're really going to get um a good perfume. They've added benzoinne and incense to this, dialed up the vanilla, and they've taken the jasmine out. [clears throat] That's pretty much how this is. So anyway, if you are looking for this, because I'm sure there'll be some bottles floating around somewhere, resale market, any department stores that still stock this, there you go. Right, I need to wear test this properly. Then I will give you my full verdict because as I said perfumes, it's already changing. So yeah. Oh, it reminds me so much of this. Maybe it's maybe it's the just the intense notes that are in this. Hang on. I haven't sprayed this for a while. This is a lot boozier actually. Just really strong. A similar like strong good quality perfume. Lots of notes. Anyway, I think I'll wear this tomorrow. It's still cold enoughish for this sort of perfume. And then I will give you my full thoughts. Happy days. That was a good outcome. I'm really low on battery. It's very annoying. Right. I need to go get something to eat because what is it? It's 6:30. I've got a headache. Not the best time to test a perfume that's very strong. I know. I know. I've been listening non-stop to Taylor Swift's new album. Like, every time I get in my car or put my headphones in to walk to work or home, I put on her album. I am loving it. Oh my gosh. I have not I'm not really a Swifty or I wasn't. She was a little bit later than like her music didn't really interest me when when she came out and I was probably too old for not [snorts] too old for her but too old for the music at the time. Anyway, um I've gotten into it a little bit more lately. Love her new album. I nearly know the words to every song. Hello [clears throat] everyone. Happy Friday. Happy Friday. I'm home. It's 8:00 p.m.ish. Just after 8. I'm just cooking. um dinner. That's what that's called. Cooking dinner. And I've got bloody I'm sleeveless because it was really warm today and when I came home the house was bloody cooking. So I put this on. Probably don't need it anymore. Actually, I was just filming for Tik Tok cuz I'm doing I've just done it to myself again. I'm doing vlogging for Tik Tok for Mjaro, like just Banjaro and then I'm doing that plus my I'm just doing normal vlogs here with my Mjaro content. Anyway, gee, that's nice. I've just sprayed Shalomar again on my on my arm when I got home from work. Ah, gee, it's nice. Essentially, what I'm doing this week is filming a what I ate this week, what I eat in a week for my vlog for Tik Tok. So, it's like to a little bit different. And it's pretty much just my food, but I was just like talking to the camera before cuz I was explaining I had Zambrero today for lunch because I wasn't organized enough. Essentially, I film I chose to film a what I eat in a week for Tik Tok for weight loss for Mandaro during a week where I'm not eating what I normally eat. Today, I ordered Zambbrero because I just felt like treating myself. I had a Mexican craving. So, I had a burrito bowl thing and I didn't get rice. I had double lamb. I bought this the middle size, the signature size, which is like the medium bowl. And it was way too much. But I ate it all, which is really naughty, but it was more because I think the food noise or the just the feeling of like wanting to keep eating something that's delicious was it's just crept back in a little bit. I stopped twothirds of the way through eating because I was eating at my desk and I got distracted and then I thought, I'm actually not. I'm full. I don't need anymore. But then that little part in my brain that's like, but but just just hear me out. Just listen. It's very nice. You're enjoying it. It's delicious and you paid money for it. You don't have it very often. It's pretty healthy anyway. Just finish it. Just finish it. So, I did. I gave in. Um, I know it's not a bad thing. It's not like I was eating McDonald's or something. I was literally having lettuce, salsa, lamb, marinated lamb, sour cream, avocado, garlic sauce, and crushed corn chips. That was all that was in it. Didn't get rice, didn't get beans. But I was so full afterwards. Oh my gosh. I was sitting at the at my desk like, you know, I just was struggling. I was really struggling. So So I've learned my lesson again. Again, again. And you know what I could have done? I could have just put a lid on it and bought it home and eaten the rest tonight and spread it out a bit. But no, no, no, no, no, no. I ate the whole thing in one bloody fell swoop. And I'm so full. By the way though, the whole point of this story is that I'm not that hungry. And I know I should eat something cuz I've only had two meals. What are you doing? Why? No, I've only had two meals today. One of which was a breakfast smoothie. Low power mode. Battery's about to die. Well, that's typical, isn't it? 8:15. Not hungry. Normally, I would on 2.5 by now I'd be starving. Starving. What is in there? What are you doing? There's nothing in there. Is Fluffy in there? No, she's not, is she? What do you What? Look at you. You look like a mir cat. What's in here? Hey, it's just my very messy um drawer with all my Snaplo bags and kitchen paper and stuff. No. No. Oh, I know why. Because you got in here the other day and you wanted to get behind the drawer and I took you out. That's why. No, it's not happening. Sauce. As my mom would say, rack off hairy legs. Anyway, [clears throat] that was a very long-winded story that I've now repeated twice because I filmed it for Tik Tok. Tik Tok as well. But yeah, I'm excited because it's Friday. The Las Vegas Grand Prix is on this weekend. It's in my time zone. It's in the middle of the day because it's a night race and it's in the US and it's like very bloody exciting except I have so much to film that it's going to impede my ability to get all my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] done. Anyway, I was going to have steak tonight. That's usually the night I have steak. I have steak and chips. It's very exciting, but I'm I'm not hungry. I'm There's no way I'm going to eat a full steak. No. So, I'm going to have one piece of crumbed, gluten-free crumb fish and some potato gems. And the rest of this um ve these vegetables I cooked on Monday or was it Tuesday? It was this week. Still no microwave. So, anyway. Anyway, I've got to stop saying that bloody word. I just need to say it in my head. That's all. I just wanted to come on and say hello because I I mean look when I edit this back I will go you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I mean oh you can't say that word anymore. You idiot. You probably can't say that either. Silly Sammy. Uh of course you Why would you not remember? You need to keep a note of what you're filming cuz you filmed plenty. There's plenty of footage here. More than enough. I'm sure that's what will happen because that's what I do when I edit things back and I I think ah how can you be that useless? Anyway, this is a crook eye singlet top. Do you remember these? You could get them in every color. Um, I've kept like I've kept a black one, this blue one, and I think maybe a red one. I don't like I haven't worn this in years. And usually I'd have a bra on, but you know, I'm at home. It's Friday, so no bra. Now I'm just standing here talking to you and rambling. So, I'm going to go I'm going to cook my food. I got up again this morning on time. when my alarm went off. Did not hit snooze. No sleeping in for me. Well done me. Next step, wind the clock back 15 minutes. Do you know what though? My cats or just fluffy mainly wakes me up every morning at around 6:00 because it's the sun's already out pretty much and she's probably worried that I'm not going to wake up. So, she wakes me up and then I go, "Fuffy, it's too early." And then I eventually kind of snooze and I go back to sleep. So essentially that is my snooze. So I really should just be getting up at six and staying up. It's just I'm so tired. All right. I just had a panic that I wasn't recording. I would have been bloody gutted. That's 10 minutes now. Stop. [sighs and gasps] I slept in so long this morning. Good morning everybody. Hello. So, I weighed in last week at 79.7. I'm not really hungry because I've probably over ate yesterday in terms of both lunch and dinner. Usually, by now, I would wake up feeling hungry and it's 10:00 and I'm not hungry yet. Just want to get it over with so I can have a coffee. Oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] So, oh my god. Excuse me. What are you doing? What are you doing, naughty? Yeah, you got your claws stuck, didn't you? You little coat. You naughty girl. Naughty little thing. She had her claws fully in the fly screen for the um back door. [sighs and gasps] Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. 78.2. Oh my god. I lost a kilo and a half this week. How [snorts] How did that happen? Oh my gosh. I'm going to do some measurements now as per usual. You on the the tap. Okay. So, I've totally just forgotten that last week I weighed in at 79.2. That's my fault because I didn't check check the PEP app. So, I've only lost a kilo, not a kilo and a half. Still, I'm shocked. It's cuz I'm recording on my phone and I didn't check. I just used my memory and I've been editing the previous week's vlog where I where my weight was 79.7. Anyway, anyway, anyway. Right. So, I've lost um 2 cm off my stomach, which where I put I put this I put the measuring tape around my belly button. So, I've lost 2 cm and 1 cm around my hips. So, 1 kilo, 1 cm around my hips, and 2 cm around my stomach. That's my progress this week. I just can't. I just keep saying that I can't believe it, but it's I can't. I can't. And I do, [snorts] but I just like Anyway, time to get a coffee. Freak me dead. Time to get a coffee. That's the cat in the litter box. And also the Texas Grand Prix practice 3 session starting in an hour. Less than an hour. 45 minutes. Really need to do some washing today. As per usual, I've had my coffee. I've been watching the Grand Prix. I'm going to have something to eat for breakfast. Brunch. Brunch. Lunch. Breakfast. Lunch. Brunch. Oh, there's a giant crow. Bloody hell. That's huge. Uh, I just realized I haven't updated you in a while on my ultraum ring air. I'm just looking at my app and the insights. So, my sleep score last night was 86, I think it's out of 100. I had seven full sleep cycles. I slept for 9 hours and 55 minutes. And it says neuroplasticity mode activated. You spend optimal amount of time sleeping. I like being optimal in my sleep. This is a great investment into your physical and mental health. So, how good's that? And also my sleep efficiency was 94%. Which I'm very proud of. I I'm a big fan of being efficient. I love all of the information that you get in the snapshot. Like can you see that? Like that's all data. The only thing is my ultra age was 38 and it's gone up. So I think I keep changing it depending on like your stats. So I'm aging slightly faster than my chronological age. My pulse age and my brain age are both 39. I'm 38. But it's mainly due to significant sleep debt, mood swings, mental fog, late night commitments. So I basically I'm probably not going to bed early enough. That's what it's telling me. What I really like is it tells me my recommended sleep times and my sleep debt. I've got a surplus of an hour and 55 minutes of sleep debt, which you can see there. See that? My recommended sleep for me is 8 hours. So, I think I average 7 hours 38 minutes, so that's probably why I'm not going to sleep early enough. My cardio age is 36. I've just filmed making my eggs for my Tik Tok vlog, and this is the finished product. These are the eggs that I told you about in last week's vlog, the pasture-raised eggs. Don't they look bloody delicious? I can't wait to eat this. Oh my gosh, Saturday night, so I've had all day. I'm just cooking my steak and my sweet potato fries. I'm so looking forward to having it. I've just been doing live admin, washing, editing, which uh has taken up a decent chunk of the day, and watching the Las Vegas practice 3 and qualifying. Thank you all so very much for watching. I love you all, and I will see you in my next video. Bye.

- WEEK 10 on Mounjaro (5 mg) | Lintico Haul, Beauty Buys + My 5th Dose: Kind: captions Language: en Yeah, this is the Samantha swishy caramelized biscuits. Do it at home. Are too big. My soup. My soup. My soup. My soup. I hope you appreciate it. Freaking hell. IRL. Ah. Guess what everybody? That's what she said. Brush. Yada yada yada. Hello you. Plan of attack. Let me out. No time. Daytime. Ah, done. Put off the gas. You can go now. Galloping about. Love. I'm in that camp. Excited. Visual. Wow. Hello everyone. Welcome back. It's week 10. Week 10 on Mjaro and another normal regular vlog in a week in my life. I'm Samantha. Nice to meet you. Thanks for coming. Thanks for being here. Thanks for stopping by. I don't know why I'm being really like I'm not a child's television program presenter. Oh my god. Television. How old am I? It's the last day of week nine. Basically, I weighed in this morning. The scales didn't change, but I lost a cime uh here in this area. Oh, and a centimeter off my biceps. Up until now, I uh have been on 2 and 1/2 and then 5 mg. So, I am on currently what you would call the fifth dose of a 5 mgram pen because uh I've still got one of the normal pens. This is my second time using a insulin syringe to extract the fifth dose from the Mjaro quick pen. If you're not doing the fifth dose, you should be because they're about to change the pen size, which means eventually you won't be able to do it. So, unless you go up a dose and use the click method and blah blah blah blah blah. Anyway, uh it's what's the time? It's 7:17 the moment, so I will be administering my fifth dose of 5 milligrams. I had five five doses on two and a half. Now I've gone up to five milligrams and this is my fifth dose on five milligrams. So week 10, month three, week two of month three actually. There's a lot of numbers going on. So should we maybe we'll do that and then I'll talk to you because um yeah, it's actually quite easy to do the fifth dose. Do you know if you've never done it before? Um, I did kind of run through it in my previous video. You need a syringe. You just need one that's got um 1 mil capacity syringe, an insulin syringe. That's about it. That's sterile. This I'm just going to give a little sterilization. I have just washed my hands in hot soapy water. I'm actually going to have a steak tonight. I haven't eaten yet. So, I'm going to have a I fill it steak for tea. I'm very excited. Okay, let's get into this. Right, so I've just pulled the little plunger down. I've gone beyond six units because that's how much is in a dose. Six units 6 of a mil. So, I've gone beyond that cuz there's a little bit of air at the top. Apparently, the air bubble is doesn't matter, but some people don't like having the air bubble. So, I'm going to I just extracted nearly seven units, and I'm going to squirt it out. That's it. That's all you do. You shove the needle in. Oh, I bent the needle. Uh-oh. That's not ideal, is it? It's better. As you can see, pretty much all of that what was left in the pen is now in here. As you can see, it's a lot more straightforward than using the quick pen. Right, I'm just going to squirt this out. Now I have to pick where I'm going to put it. Last week I did down here. Don't think I've done this side in a while. You shouldn't apparently need to sterilize your your body if the needle's sterile, but which it is cuz I got it from a chemist. But you know, done. I have an appointment tomorrow. Tomorrow. tomorrow with the do with the doctor to get my next prescription. Oh, fluffy. You're so cute. Hello, darling. Hello. I've got some washing on the go. I've got some potato gems cooking. I need to cook my steak. It's still quite daylight outside. I'm using my phone because my camera's upstairs. Today has been a I swapped today with Sunday. So, I was going to film today, but I [snorts] slept in. I watched the Austin Grand Prix practice session one uh replay this morning, and then I just decided that I would do other things. I've done washing today. I've done editing. My last week's Friday vlog has just gone gone live. That was meant to go out last night. Tomorrow, I'm going to be filming. So, I haven't washed my hair yet. And it's been I don't I don't even know when I washed my hair. Might have been a week ago, which I don't usually do until I started using the Veos brush and now it's just like my hair's like extended its life. So, it's really awesome. Um, anyway, I need to go put some lights on the lounge room. It looks a bit gloom, doom and gloom. You can see how I've been like slothing about today editing on the couch. I do have a proper station computer desk where I edit in my office, but sometimes I just can't be bothered sitting at a at a at a at a desk because that's what I do all week at work. I sit at a desk. Can anyone else relate to that? I got one cuz I'm like, "Oh, it's a lot easier to sit at a desk and edit." But last thing I want to do is come home and sit at at another desk. I've been using my ultraum ring air as well. It's calibrating at the moment, so wearing it fulltime. And then I've also got my Apple Watch on still. Um, this is fantastic actually. I really I'm really loving a how it looks. It how and how it feels and how like light it is. Doesn't cut off circulation or anything. And it you can wash it like you don't have to take it off in the shower if you don't want. Like it's 100 m waterproof. I think this week I am still doing vlogging everything including Mangjaro and regular vlogging which is just more of an experiment this month. So I really need your feedback as to whether or not this is working for my MARO viewers and my regular viewers if you're happy for me to mash it all together. I'm going to get my steak prepared now cuz those gems will be nearly ready. I got this eyeillet from the local groceryer. I have an exciting haul from Lintico. Lintico is a linen um fashion brand, a sustainable brand based uh from the US actually. I think it's only a couple of years old. Uh but they've sent me some pieces that I am very excited to try. This is their prefall collection and I have a discount code for you. It's on the screen. You get 10% off. There's also a link in the description. So, um, I've got four pieces to try with you all. They use organic, recycled, plant-based materials, and they focus on slow fashion. So, they make pieces that are designed to last, not just like, you know, one season and that's it. So, these are beautiful. Oh my gosh. This is a pair of corduroy. This is like a I don't know if it's coming out on screen. It might look black. This is a really beautiful inky navy blue color. Corduroy. Can you see? I don't know if you can see. These are a cropped pant, like tailored pant. They've got a waistband at the back that's elastic, and they're high-waisted, which is most exciting. Um, and I got the size large. So, I'll put my measurements in the description as well, just in case you want to compare my size with yours. But what I'm going to do is steam everything before we actually style this stuff up because um I just think it looks better when it's steamed properly. So, uh I'm very excited about these. I will definitely be wearing these at the moment because even though it's spring here in Australia, I'm in Tazzay and if you've been watching my vlogs recently, you know how cold it's been. Currently 13° outside. So, it's definitely not spring weather. Well, it is spring weather. It's windy. It's It's um changeable, but anyway. Um so, these will definitely come in handy. Now, this is really exciting. I love this color. This is like a really beautiful caramel biscety beautiful exquisite color. And this is a maxi skirt. It's fully linen. And I got the size large. And it's got a split and a drawstring. And it's got pockets. So, this is going to be beautiful. It's going to be really soft. How gorgeous is this color? By the way, prefold colors are like this beautiful color. Chocolate browns, navies, creams, grays. Really like leaning into all those like fall colors. Oh my gosh, I love this. I haven't even tried it on yet. Here's a closeup of the color. Isn't it beautiful? Reminds me of Bisoff or something. Then I got a dress in a really beautiful navy. This is cotton linen. Really breathable thin. Like it's quite thin. Like you can kind of you can see through it. Very lightweight but uh cotton cotton linen [clears throat] blend. It's not warm enough to to wear summer dresses. So I'm still like wanting long sleeves at work. So, I'm excited to wear this during the week. And then I think I got a top. Did I get a top? Yes. Okay. Got two sizes for this top just in case cuz it's oversized. I reckon that'll be fine. So, I got a medium in this. This is a linen shirt. It's got a really fine ticking stripe and it's quite organic looking. So, you can sort of see where all the little imperfections are in this top. So, it's sort of meant to look like that. And this is a really beautiful linen that's going to age beautifully and soften up. I'm not really sure how I'm going to style this. I don't often wear this color. A whole day has gone by and I have finally managed to steam the clothes so I can try them on. And I have to say this dress is beautiful. I really like how lightweight this is because it's sort of it looks thick and like luxurious, but it is really quite thin, light cotton. Really breathable actually. And it's got like a rouch detail. It's really quite flattering the way it rouches here. And it sort of just sits and just folds really nicely. It's got a little split in the sides as well. Oh, my cats are fighting. Why? Why? This is like a blend of European linen and cotton. This is part of the cozy core collection. So, it's got um four-way stretch and like moisture wicking. So, it's also really good on sensitive skin. It's not scratchy or anything. It's really quite soft. These are my shoes. I like how it's not clingy. It's falling really beautifully. This is in a size large. So, I could have probably gone down a size, but it would have been a lot tighter. Could also add a belt if you really like having detail at the waist. What do you think of this dress? As I'm getting older, I'm discovering that I'm not so much interested in fast fashion. I want quality pieces that are going to last years and years, that are classic, that are flattering, that go with anything. Colors like this. I've done my colors before with someone. So, I had the, you know, where you sit there and you have the little piece of white around your face and they match colors to your face. I've had that done. I'm pretty sure I'm a winter cool winter. Let's try on something else. Be just sitting behind the camera watching me. I had to. This is the Samantha skirt. This is a linen tensil cotton blend maxi skirt with a split at the front and at the back. And it's got two pockets. And not only that, it's really breathable and swishy and it has a drawstring. And I [clears throat] love this color. And I just thought, how beautiful would it go with my pushette matise and my leopard print witchery sling backs. I've just teamed it with this um really old turtleneck in this like inky navy color that I've had for years, years. Um and I've just rolled up the sleeves because it's a little bit warm up here. Really love this color. It's making me think of caramel coffees, autumn leaves, biscoff for caramelized biscuits. Love it. And obviously it's the Samantha skirt, so it's part of my um identity now. How flattering is this skirt? And also, I love the fact that the slit does not go on the sides. It's something different. It's at the front. And it has this like I don't know if you can see it properly. It's got this double hem detail at the top. So, this is a waistband elasticized and then there's a drawstring below it. So, it kind of looks like a paper bag waist, but it's not. It's a bit more like um functional, if you will. And the other reason I love this, the fact that the slits only go up to just above the knee. So, when you're walking, it's a bit easier to walk. You're not like restricted by walking like shuffling down the street. I'm realizing that I prefer to not have like on a day-to-day basis a really high slit in my skirts because I just don't want to show that much if it's windy and it just blows up and you just don't want to be able to have that risk. So, the fact that the slits are at the front and the back just high enough to show a little bit of skin and also not on the sides where they're just like blowing around everywhere. [laughter] Anyway, I don't even want to change. I want to leave this on. I'm going to remember this outfit and I'm going to wear this shortly. I don't know if I'd wear this to work. I probably would actually. I'm really inclined not to wear clothes I love to work because then they come become work clothes and I don't want to wear them when I'm not at work. Does anyone else have that problem? Okay. So, it is a very very rare occasion that I would wear white or lighter colors, but with this skirt in particular, I think wearing like a really crisp white t-shirt um or even this sort of like this throw oversized shirt that I've got as well from Lintico just like makes this color really pop [snorts] because it's just so rich, but it's like a neutral. Um, and then for this look, I've put it with a pair of just flat pointy um, what are these called? I think these are Joe Mursa. You could really make this even more casual and put crisp white sneakers on. Some people don't like red and brown together. I don't mind it. So, this top has short sleeves. It's actually I've undone the buttons just to make it a little bit more casual. You could even fold it up more if you wanted to. And I've got this just plain white t-shirt on underneath that I rarely wear. I don't think anyone's ever seen me in white for years, actually. Um, but I've just tucked it into this skirt and thrown this over the top for a bit of an extra layer. I just really like it how I like how casual this is just cuz you throw it on, it's a bit of an extra layer. It's linen. This is an 100% heavyweight European linen. And it's just going to soften up with time. Actually, beautiful. So, you could even take the t-shirt off that I've got on and have like a an oversized vibe going on. But I like having layers and then you can sort of show your waist underneath. Right, my final look are these really soft, cozy tapered pants. Corduroy. It's a 100% Puma cotton, American Puma. Never heard of that before. Um, and they are tapered, so they've got a cropped length. These are just sitting just below or on my belly button, so kind of high-waisted, I suppose, which I love. And they've got a typical like jean construction. So, there's they've got darts here, little tailored darts, and pockets, zip button, fly closure, and an elasticized back. So, this is elast elasticized which is fantastic. I've just kept the same shoes on and this handbag because obviously navy. This is a char I think this is charcoal black but it looks navy to me. So, I've just teamed it with this H&M knitted tea that I wear quite frequently to work. Breathable but also retains warmth. These are lovely. I haven't had a pair of corduroy pants for a long time. I think I had a red pair of corduroy jeans like full length ones. wide leg when I was a a teenager. I think I So, I've just decided to do up this shirt entirely and tuck it in at the front. Leave the back out just like a millennial would. My 10% off discount code is down in the description for you if you want to shop any of the items from Lintico. I usually sit here to film perfume videos or sit down videos actually, but uh I want to unbox something with you that I've been sent by a brand to try and review. I'm not being paid for this. It's just a gifted product, but I do have a discount code. This is not part of the agreement. I don't have to do this. I just want to. I've got an at home spa device that um I need to look up to tell you all about. It's an RF device, radio frequency. When I lived in Melbourne, used to go to the Olsen Hotel, the Olen, one of the hotels in South to a day spa that used to offer radio frequency fat dissolvy kind of um treatments. And now I can do it at home. for a fraction of the price. It was very expensive. You had to go multiple times. You had to buy like packs of five. It was ridiculous. It was very expensive. It was like probably $1,000 for a couple of goes. Anyway, now I can do it to myself. I've got a vacuum suctiony thing. This is for the face. These are for the body. This is a Oh my god. I don't even know what all of this stuff is. This is a 5in-1 40K cavitation RF vacuum body sculpting machine. I have a discount code for this as well. It's SRK30. It's a polar RF and it's for wrinkle reduction. Radio frequency waves penetrate the skin. Heats the skin tissue without harming the epidermis which stimulates collagen regeneration which aids in skin tightening and contouring. So, I have one for the face and neck, one for the eyes, and one for the body. And they all do the same thing. So, tightening, regenerating collagen, and then I have the cavitation handle. I'm pretty sure this one is designed to just dissolve fat. So, you know, where you you see those clinics where you go and they you pay lots of money to have this done, they do this for you on your body. Um, you can literally buy one of these and just do it yourself at home. This one is the vacuum radio frequency. So, it's got like those little plates on it as well as a vacuuming thingy, which they say here it's to enhance metabolism. The benefits of this machine they say is body sculpting, skin smoothing, lifting, firming, and anti-aging effects. Okay. Okay. Oh, I can't wait to try it. They recommend 3 to 5 days between treatments in each area. You can do everything at once. It will take 30 to 60 minutes to do each part. So that's quite a while. Good news is you don't have to do it every day. So it's 40 40k cavitation and radio frequency. And it also it's obviously going to help with loose skin. So anyone who's watching who is on their weight loss journey with a JLP1 and you are getting loose skin from losing weight, this is like you need to be using one of these as well. If this works, which I'm going to test it first, obviously, and then let you know. I'm not going to just try and sell this to you if it's not going to work. It's just a gimmick. So, I'm going to give this a go. I will do a full review. I'll keep you informed of my progress, shall we say? So, we'll do the first treatment together. Um, which won't be today, obviously, because what's the time? It's 6:00 p.m. Um, but we'll we're going to start this next weekend. So, my next vlog, we'll start this. Does anyone have one of these at home? If you got any tips for me, let me know. I've set it up now, so everything's attached and all ready to go. Um, there is a lot of cables and cords dangling out the back. But if you were in a clinic or a day spar or something, this would just sit on like obviously this is an at home version, so it's tiny. But it would all just sort of hang off to the sides anyway. So, I don't know where we're going to put it, where I'm going to do it. It will probably end up being in the bathroom or upstairs in my dressing room. Um, it's not very heavy. It's like, you know, it's not that heavy. I've been reading the instruction guide and it's got diagrams at the back of where to use it and how long for and the types of motions that you use with each attachment. So, basically, just follow along what they're telling you to do. But it says here that there's a pattern that you follow for the face and that's 10 minutes and then you do eyes for 10 minutes. So that's only 20 minutes probably like twice a week. So actually that is not too bad to do your face. The other place I'm going to focus on is the arms and the belly and also the upper thigh area. I'm very excited actually. Um but I'm also very hungry. So now I'm going to go eat. There's a link for that machine in the description and the code is SRK30. Excuse me. Let's not do that. Thank you. The styrofoam. No. Right. I am just doing some meal prep. I've got my soup on the go. I just filmed a Well, I'm filming a Tik Tok for my soup soup recipe. This is a kilo of chicken breast diced. I'm going to do half a kilo in the freezer of a whole style of marinade. I'm going to do an the Italian one and then I will do the other marinade which is the teriyaki chicken. These are all the ingredients for that. So, I'm just going to do two versions and cook it in bulk. So, I'll cook everything in one go. I've got editing to do. [sighs] I'm hungry. I've got to do the bins and it's dark already and I haven't done the bins yet. I hate doing the bins in the dark because I can't see. >> Hi. >> Good morning. >> Good morning, baby. We are watching the Olsson Grand Prix on my iPad because it started this morning at 6:00 a.m. It's now 8 20 something. >> Loving the sun. This weekend might be the weekend I get to start trying on clothes because these trousers here, this whole pile are too big. Four, five, six pairs of trousers. I've got these halara of trousers on. Um, and these are the ones that I were high-waisted and now have to sit like on my hips as a low like hipster pant, which is not the end of the world cuz they look they're still okay. They look cool. They're very like baggy suit pant style, which is fine. I'm happy that I can keep wearing them. But these are my new Lintico pants. They fit fine. These are the same as the ones I've got on right now. Way too big, so I have to wear them on the hips. Um, and then I've got like a couple of other pairs. These are the same as literally the ones I've got on right now. Have to wear them on the hip. One, two, three. I've got four pairs of trousers. And these are not these are not styles that I wear like everyday. I wear like neutrals, dark colors on the on the on the bottom every day. So, [laughter] [gasps] I'm running low. I really really probably will have to buy a couple of pairs from Halara, I reckon. Anyway, I'm now I'm running late. I wasn't before. I went to bed way too late last night, as in 12:30. I took too long doing other stuff yesterday and I ran myself short to make my soup, but I really needed to make my soup. So, I made my soup, but I don't think I finished making my soup until 11:30. Then, I cleaned up. Then, I got ready for bed. Then, I got into bed. And by the time I did all that, it was 12:30. [laughter] I'm going to put some shoes on. Running myself even later talking to you. I hope you appreciate it. I'm going to wear this today. I wore it yesterday just at home just because I've just wanted to wear it again and it's so nice. >> Yeah, it's going to be time for a reset, isn't it? >> Just going to go. >> Right, time to go to work. >> Hello everybody. Hi. Hello. It's uh lunchtime obviously sitting in my car as per usual. Obviously quick Mjaro update. I'm just debating whether I should go down back down to 2 and a half milligrams with my new I'm on currently on the fifth dose of the 5 milligram pen week 10. Um, I just don't I I just I was looking at my progress and comparing month one or week five, the first five weeks to the second five weeks. I nearly did better in the first 5 weeks on on two and a half. Uh, and I just I don't know there there's some side effects. I just don't know if it's necessary. Basically, I went up to a higher dose too soon. I think that's the problem. Yes, I had a Freaking hell. A little bit of food noise coming back towards the end of the week. I think in week five, and I was starting to feel like hungry on potentially a Thursday or a Friday. I'll have to look at my vlog footage to see what I was saying at the time. But like that's something that I'll have to deal with in real life IRL uh once I've come off the medication because that just doesn't disappear. So, I'm just wondering I'm wondering if if I if I should just go back down to two and a half and see how I go. If it's manageable, Jarro, if it's manageable and I'm still I think it would be just cheaper and better. Has anyone done that? Has anyone gone up too soon and gone or just gone up and just haven't liked side effects and just gone like back down to where you were before? Um, I did talk about it with the doctor when I had my consultation yesterday. She said that like if that's something that you're willing to put up with, some people want fullon 100% appetite suppression or food noise suppression like total gone. Um, but I don't know. I'm really undecided and I think maybe just might just be easier for me. Really don't know. I think I'm going to I think I'm Look, I I keep changing my mind, so we'll see. But anyway, that's my that's where my mind's at today. That's all I had to tell you because there's not nothing else to tell you. My soup was lovely. Uh I forgot to film it. I was going to film it today cuz I [snorts] did a Tik Tok on making my soup, but I forgot to film the soup. I just like I just ate it. Ah, doesn't matter. It's all good. Well, I'll see you tonight when I get home. Hello everyone. I am home from work. It's Monday still. I'm home. Um, bloody hell it's windy today. I'm filming an unboxing for Tik Tok, but I've got to film with you as well, the same time to see how this goes. Guess what, everybody? I've got a Mecca delivery. Mecca unboxing. This is the new holiday packaging. Isn't it pretty? Cute. Love it. Beautiful. I love the packaging from Mecca. Even the tissue paper. How beautiful. What an experience. [snorts] Joe Malone fragrance. This is a limited edition. I'm very excited to open this or brush. Everyone finally arrived. Uh really need to brush my hair, but I've been waiting to unbox this so I can brush it. I've got a hair. Speaking of hair, I've got a hair on my tiny little fiber on my um nose. Oh, I got it. Oh my gosh, that is so big. That's what she said. Oh yeah. This is what it looks like. Full comparison. This is the Veos. Okay. First impressions. Wow. Okay. Feels so nice. Oh my gosh. Just don't pay any attention to the fact that I need my hair colored. This is heaven. Oh my gosh. It just glides. This is gliding through my hair. Wow, I'm very impressed. Just a little bit of hair. That was an experience. How does my hair look now in comparison? I've been testing this for oh, a good two weeks now. Then I'm going to test the Orbe, see if it's any different, and then I will do a full review on my YouTube channel, including versus the Mason Pearson. So, keep an eye out for that. And also, there's a 20% off link in the description for the Veos if you just want to go ahead and buy Zeos brush. This feels weightier. This is lighter. This feels more expensive. At the very least, this feels more expensive, right? Okay. It's made with custom design resin and yada yada yada. Mix of bra bristles, round nylon pins, 97% natural rubber cushion, yada yada. Okay, so this is my first Joe Malone perfume. Oh my gosh. Oh jeez. Big. Yes. Oh, hello. Hello you. This perfume originally came out in 2023. They brought it back last year and then they've brought it back again for 2025. This is a limited edition. This is a holiday scent. It's like a Christmas scent. It's called Ginger Biscuit. I have blind bought this. I've got no idea what it smells like. I just looked at the perfume notes and the reviews and I just thought, "Yes, immediately yes." This year's bottle is definitely so me. Look at that red lid. Wow. Oh my gosh, it smells just like gingerbread. Right, that's been a 20 minute video. I really need to stop. Okay, so plan of attack. I'm going to go finish watching the Texas Grand Prix and then I'm going to finish my editing. Actually, no, not finish. What am I saying? I'm never going to finish. why I'm going to go edit after that. I was meant to post a vlog this evening. It's Monday uh for week nine and I can't find the footage that I filmed. I don't know which memory card it's on. I can't find it anywhere to edit. So, I'd say that week nine will just be one vlog, which will be the last vlog to this vlog. Vlog vlog vlog vlog. Uh, so if you liked just the one vlog instead of like for the whole week, let me know. Um, or if you are liking me doing two a week and you prefer two a week, LMK, let me know. Let me know. I can tell immediately. I think this is spikier. The the nylon bristles feel like they feel spikier. You see this all the time advertised. Like I get ads served to me constantly for this probably because I've clicked on it once before and purchased. But um you kind of think are they just trying to sell brushes or is it actually a good brush? Can confirm it is a very good brush. Very good brush and very affordable. And if you can't afford or [clears throat] don't want to spend money on a brush like this, which is like the next level up, or a Mason Pearson, which is like double this, bit more, this is definitely adequate. This will do the job just nicely. Um, so you heard it here first, people, especially if you use my 20% off code in the description. When you buy a Boss, you get a wide tooth comb, which is excellent for travel or to put in your handbag or just to use, and you get the little rake to clean the brush. So, with um the Or you don't get anything, you just get the brush, and it's probably more than double the price. This is quite subtle. I kind of wish it was a little bit sweeter. What's this sample? Falm electrolyte water facial mask. Nighttime. Nighttime. Daytime. >> Night time. Daytime. >> My little flu flu having a wash in the sun. I'm actually not meant to be vlogging. I was just about to leave the house cuz I'm running late and I always make myself even later when I decide to pick up the camera and say hello. But seeing as I'm here and I had to film fluffy. These are my Halara pants at the moment. Look how big they are. I just placed an order yesterday for the size down and I was only going to buy like a few pairs and I kind of went overboard. Does anyone else when they're trying to lose weight, tone down, you've got like a goal in mind and as soon as you start making visible noticeable progress, you start to go ah done. [snorts] Even though you're not you haven't gotten to where you actually want to be, you haven't reached it yet. you're just on the way and you're starting to see change and progress and mentally I go, "Ah, well, this is working. I can I can return to normal activities. I can slack off now. I can I can take my foot off the gas." And as soon as that happens, I start reversing everything that I've just worked really hard on to get to and everything stops. I don't don't make any progress. there's like a plateau if that's I don't know if that's the right word. I don't have time to talk to you but I just can't help myself. That feeling and that behavior. I really need to work on changing that because I I'm noticing that I'm starting to do that already because I've seen change. I've lost what have I lost now? 14 kilos and is it 14? Holy moly. I'm already like oh well you've already lost this much weight. Even though I'm still nowhere near where I want to be, and yet mentally I my brain goes, "Oh, well, you've done you've done what you came here to do. You can go now." Like, what is that? Why why can't I just keep going and is it motivation? It's a mental thing. I know. I just don't know how to change it. I need to figure out a way to like work on all my mental my mental approach and all that sort of stuff. That's the right word. While I'm doing this, while I'm doing like the food and the I'm going to start exercising soon. Actually, that's another thing we need to talk about. I slept over I I slept in way too much this morning. I stayed up way too late. It's Tuesday and I haven't gotten up early yet, which was the plan for the week. Oh, hi P. Right, I better go before I run myself short. Good evening, everybody. Hello. It is Tuesday evening. I've just heated up some chicken and vegetables. This is so delicious. I'm really proud of myself. This is really nice, galloping about. This afternoon at work, a colleague offered me two caramel Oreos. And I was on the phone. I was like, "Yeah, yeah, put them there. Love a caramel Oreo Oreo." And I thought, "Yeah, I'll have one now and then I'll have one later." I had one and I enjoyed it whilst eating it. Very sweet. And then afterwards, I was like, "Oh, this tastes really gross." Like the aftertaste of the flavor and the whatever's in it, preservatives, all the the crap that goes in an Oreo tasted, you know, like not great. Didn't like it. I didn't actually want the second one. And I thought, yeah, I don't want to eat that later either. I've been known to hold and consume a whole packet of Oreos in one go. Just preface that. Just let you know. Maybe it's the Mjaro or I've just starting to like I'm so used now to healthy food that anything that's like fully full of stuff just tastes weird. I don't know. Anyway, someone let me know what their experience is with similar stuff. Afterwards, 5 minutes later, maybe 5 minutes, I had this really strong pain, like stabbing in the stomach, pain from like the digestive portion, like soon as it hit my stomach. Pain. M interesting. Very interesting. As is my jumper. Do you love my jumper? How cute is it? I've just thought about this, too. Since I've been losing all this weight, been eating healthy on Mjaro, I have had I don't want to jinx it. Should I say it? My skin has been really good. Barely any hormonal acne, which I usually get once a month. Haven't had any. When I've been editing my Tik Tok vlogs, MJRo YouTube vlogs into Tik Tok vlogs. Um, I noticed week one and two even or maybe even three, I had like remnants of, you know, breakouts. And since since then, I haven't really had any, which is great. Maybe it's all the healthy food I've been eating and not putting any junk in my body. I feel like that's what it is. It must be. Hello everyone. Good evening. It's Thursday Eve. I mean, Friday Eve. It's Thursday night. I just got home from work after getting fuel and going to Chemist Warehouse to get my latest Maljaro prescription. Chemist Warehouse haul. >> [gasps] >> There's like two things. I bought two things. I'm going to send this back. I know. I just opened it and I was raving about it and it is very nice. It's lovely. On the opening, it does smell like gingerbread. It's really, really nice. It's great. It's just too light. It's on my skin. It fades and like it's gone in like an hour, 2 hours maybe. Um, it's quite expensive and I just I'm not going to wear this all year. It's only like a Christmy smell to me. I'd probably associate it with Christmas. I love the bottle. I love it. Um, and I don't dislike the fragrance. It's just too light. I think that's common with Joe Malone perfumes. There is uh a lot of complaints or people say that they're just too weak. So, I'm [snorts] in that camp. It's just it's Yeah, it's really nice. It also It does have a little bit of a soapiness to me and I don't know why cuz it's got ginger in it. But anyway, sending it back. Um and I I already know what I'm going to buy instead cuz I've opened it. I get a store credit, not a full refund. It's just pointless keeping something that you're not going to wear and if I can return, I will. So, I need to put that back in its box and send it back. The mal jar has already gone into the fridge because it has to be cold. So that's happened. Um and the other thing I bought which I was influenced to buy by um I think her name is Shelby. Shelby Anne. She's a makeup influencer Tik Tocker whatever. I bought the hydrating milky toner which she swears by. So you apparently put she puts this on before applying makeup in the morning. So I'm going to try it. I'm going to try it. She just like puts it in her hands and like smears it on her face. So anyway, I will give this a go. There was so much so much in Chemist Warehouse that I wanted to buy. I was very self-restrained. This is my marinated teriyak chicken with oriental stir-fried vegetables. Oriental stir-fried vegetables. And I bought this the other day from the the supermarket to try. This is oat milk, but it's churros flavor. Churros. Sweet, silky, tastes like cinnamon pastry. Enjoy throughout the day. Chill and drink over ice. It's very nice. I can confirm. This is the first time I've ever tried this brand, too. >> Yeah, morning. Good morning, everybody. Hello. Today I'm using or this morning I used the Orbe brush to brush my hair instead of Veos just to test the difference. I'm currently trying both of them. So anyway, this is um day three for my hair and I [clears throat] definitely wouldn't it wouldn't look like this if I wasn't brushing it every day. Uh right. So um I've just been watching Mexico Grand Prix Practice 3 replay. I'm really excited to have a coffee this morning and I'm very very excited to see what my weigh in and my measurements are. Last week the scales did not change. I was 82.8. Um, no change last week except for measurements. 81.2 >> is 179.02 lb. >> 179b. [clears throat] So I've lost another 1.6 6 kilos. >> That would be 3.53 lb. >> Wow. Right, we're going to do my measure bands. I've now lost 15 kilos. Now, I'm going to just record my weight and my measurements in the PEP app because, you know, all this encouragement would have been really a lot less if I hadn't been able to see everything in my hat. It's far more [sighs] um satisfying for me to see my measurements change because it's it's visual versus the weight which is obviously visual numbers on a scale but and you can feel it and you obviously know it's coming off but like having my measurements go down and seeing it which is like in tandem with how you look in the mirror and how clothes fit you is just I'm actually really surprised that that's what I am enjoying more same 61. Look here, my weight and the change. Thank you all for being here. Thank you so much for your comments, your views, for coming back and hyping my videos. That's much appreciated. And obviously, I keep asking you for feedback. I'm doing a lot of testing at the moment. I just need to know, do you want one long vlog a week, two short vlogs? Just comment and let me know what you like. Don't forget if you want to check out Lintico, I have a 10% off discount. There is a link in the description and SRK10 gets you 10% off at Ultraum for things like the lightest smart ring on the market. My Crush Organics code is Samantha King. That gives you 40% off sitewide forever. Also, if you want the Veos brush and you want to get a really good discount, I have 20% off if you follow the link in the description. Next week or tonight will be the start of week 11 for Maljaro. So I'm I'm in two minds. I don't know. Should I go back down to 2 and 1/2? I know I just lost 1.6 kilos, but the side effects are just really unnecessary because that's the rate I was losing weight at when I was on 2 and 1/2. I'm just really unsure at the moment. So tune in to next week's vlog to see what decision I make. And I hope you all have a great week. Thank you so much for being here and I will see you in my next video.

- WEEK 13 on Mounjaro | I Trying On My Day 1 Clothes… Shocked at the Difference: Kind: captions Language: en I'm back. I'm back. Fabulous. Still modeling and it's too big. I don't know why I'm crying. You've got no idea. The universe just told me. Obby won't stay. Stop doing this. There's a bit of this. Oh, no. Don't go in there. That's silk. Way too big. Way too big. No, no, no, no. I love it. Lesson learned. A little bit niche to me. Full test. Like a zombie. What am I talking about? Off the Christmas card list. Just as I expected in Leston. And I want to show you, >> of course, that's all. Hello everybody. Hi. Welcome back to a brand new vlog. It's Saturday night. It's bedtime for me. I'm just about to take my Mjaro shot injection. This is be This will be my 13th shot. So, week 13 is starting now. After 14 days of being back down to 2.5, my current estimated level is quite low actually. It's 1.73. I'm going to continue on doing 2.5. I haven't had the need or felt the desperate need to top up my levels or like add add a bit more for the week midweek. So, I've just been on 2.5 straight. I have noticed hunger. When I was on five, it was pretty much total hunger suppression. didn't feel hungry at all. I've noticed that again on 2 and 1/2 around midweek. It's actually it came back a bit earlier this week. Waking up in the morning feeling hungry. I know all this is normal, but when you're on muro and you're on like a a decent dose for you, you don't have hunger and you feel full quickly and there's no food noise. So, I'm not having issues with feeling full. That's fine. And I'm noticing a little bit of food noise, but I still lost 700 g today for the week, which brings me down to under 80. So I'm 79.7. And I haven't been under 80 kilos since I reckon about 2017 when I was still modeling. Um, and I know that it's not all about the number on the scale. Like that's my biggest lesson learned. Obviously, I knew it before, but like it's very much cemented and solidified that it's not just about the number on the scale. But anyway, uh I still want to tell you how I'm going and my results because that's why I'm doing this. Oh my gosh, I'm running out of battery. I need to do my injection. I'm counting clicks cuz this is a 5 mgram pen. So, I'm doing half an injection. So, I'm doing 2.5, which is 30 clicks, not the usual 60 in the pen. Actually, I need to wash my hands. Hang on. Good. Goes everywhere. That's great. Hopefully, the cats don't lick that up. 1 2 3 4 5 30. Right. Ready to go. Let me just check where I've put my injection last week. I'm going to go lower left cuz I haven't done that for 2 weeks. 3 2 1. When you're doing the quick click method, cuz you're only using half the fluid, it feels like it's a really pathetic amount. like it's not enough because obviously I was used to doing the full stretch of the the pen when I first started on two and a half and then five done. My battery's about to die. I'm going to go to bed. It's quite late. Good night. I'm just filming my my 3 month after footage on my iPhone and I thought I'd just pop the camera the normal camera here as well so you can see um in full size how I'm looking. So, this is 3 months to the day since I filmed this before footage. So, before and after. Before 3 months, after 3 months. I'm just about to try on some clothes to see how they fit me. Stuff that fit me at the time when I started and things that were too small. Like way too small. So, I'm really excited to see if some of this stuff is going to fit me. This skirt is I've only worn this like I reckon I've only worn this twice and it's too big. Do you know what though? I reckon I could nearly get this take it in by a seamstress. So I'm going to keep this and see if I can have this altered. Oh my gosh. This was never really super tight. There's a lot of fabric in it. So it's quite heavy. Um so I won't be able to wear this anymore. I usually just wear this to work anyway or at Christmas time. It's quite stretchy, but that's I'm just holding it up. I'm just trying on this skirt that I really love that I wear a lot in the warmer months. Um, it's from uh Seed, but I used to wear it around my waist, which it won't stay, if you know what I mean. But it'll sit on my hips. It's cut on the bias, and it actually fits me okay. It's still quite loose on the hips. Um, and I'm like now I'm wondering if it was meant to be always in this spot. Like this is where it was meant to fit originally and I just wore it too high. Anyway, it's still like it's still quite loose. So, I forgot to press record. These jeans are really nice. These are nobody jeans. And I've had these I think I got them in like 20 I don't know before co one of my very few pairs of jeans that are not like fully stretchy. So, this is me trying them on when I started Mount Jarro. And oh, they fit. Wow. I know. Tied in a knot. It's too big. Oh my gosh. I'm so excited. The outfits that I can now Oh, I can style this up with my like Oh, I'm so excited. I've had to knot this t-shirt because it was too baggy. Oh my god, they're already loosening up. Wow. So, these were 14. These were tight. Um, they're stretchy and they're like designed to fit your body cuz they're so stretchy. They were quite like small to begin with. So, even though they're 14, um, there's a bit of this going on at the back. And I know from wearing these that they lo obviously they loosen up a little bit as well. These are my leather pants. I've had these for since about 2012. They're from Witchery. They're actual full leather. There's no like lining. There's no zip. They're just full leather with an elasticized waist. They're like a skinny skinny length with a raw hem. I've had so much use out of these. They do have a seam at the knee and I've had them repaired. I reckon they're a size 12, but I I the tag fell out long ago. I couldn't get these over my butt. Oh my god. They're not exactly high-waisted. The style when I got these was like mid-rise. They're even loose. There's no like they're not stretched like to the max. Oh my gosh. I'm just I'm done. I will be so excited if this skirt fits me. It's a size 10. It's from Kmart. I've had this for years. I used to wear this to work actually. It's just a really lovely like linen look. It's got pockets. It's got button detail all the way down. It's got splits on the sides. Oh my god, it fits. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] It's too big nearly. I don't know why I'm crying. I can't cry. I just put makeup on. Oh my god. I'm watching um the footage that I filmed um as I go so I know what to put on next so like it's easier for me when I'm editing. And I was just standing there watching the footage of me trying to put that skirt on. So just made me a little bit emotional because it's just I know it's not about how you look, but I haven't been able to wear that dress since like skirt since maybe 20 18 or 19. And I really love that skirt. this skirt that I showed you before from Seed. Before I got this like slip skirt, I didn't have anything else that was black that was slip. And this is from CottonOn. This is a medium, but it's very small. The waist on this is quite small. It's stretchy. I haven't been able to wear this for a long time. It's a bit tight on the waist, but like I don't care. I don't care. Dearly love this. This is from Sheen. This is not stretchy, but And it's got a zip. It's from Sheen and it's a large and I love it because it's got tigers on it. If you can see the tiger print and I same thing. I don't think I could weave and fit in this preco. This is going to Oh, it's a bit tight but it's going to fit me. It's tight. It's tight but it does up the zip. Oh my gosh. I need to spray it. It's all staticky. You have no idea how excited I am about this. I love this skirt. Oh. Oh my gosh. Okay, I barely wore this. Well, I have worn it a couple of times, but look how big that is. Wow. Right, I finished filming trying on clothes. Um, I'm going to try on a few more things that I didn't film for Tik Tok. I'm just going to do with you. But I just wanted to I forgot to mention before these leggings look like my Lululemon Align leggings that I'm obsessed with. They're the only black leggings I wear. These are not Lululemon. These are a sensor, basically a dupe for Lululemon Align. They feel exactly the same. They are just as soft. They fit the same. They've got the same details. I got the 28 in length, like the normal long length. They even have the little round silver white. Is it white? silver. It's not the Lululemon logo, but like kind of looks like it. So, if you love Lululemon, but you can't afford to like have multiple pairs. I'm telling you that these are like if you just took the tags off, they even have the same tag. Um, if you took the the logo off or just changed the logo and you tried to tell me that these were Lululemon, I would believe you. I would have no reason to doubt that I I would believe that there is a Lululemon. Now, I love Lululemon. God, that's a tongue twister. I' I've got heaps of Lululemon stuff and I will continue to buy because it's good quality. I just I love it. But anyway, uh I'll put a link in the description for these. And you can get like the crop length. You can get ones with the pockets. You can get fleece lined ones of these, which don't think I would ever need cuz I'm a hot I run hot. But this is not Lululemon. This is from Kmart. And this is a copy of a Lululemon bra. How great are these? Hopefully you can see me properly. Um I've got a It's very dark today now. Um, I've got that out of the way. Asentha, there's a link in the description. I'm going to try on a couple of jackets that I've had for years and I've kept because I don't want to get rid of them, but they didn't fit me. Haven't fit me for years. Like, I think I had them when I lived in London when I was modeling. So, it would have been maybe a size 12, but I usually get a size up in jackets because I've got broad shoulders. So, I'm hoping I just I'm going to try them on. This is one of my favorites. It's quite unique. I got this in the UK through Oasis. This is actual leather. I remember the day I got this. Got zips on the sleeve and you It's like a biker style elastic sleeves, but it's covered in strips of leather. I used to wear this all the time. It's quite stiff cuz it hasn't been worn in a while. It's a bit tight on the the arms still. Oh my gosh. It's funny that how styles change. I don't think I would buy something like this now. Bit tight on the sleeves, the shoulders, but it actually it zips up and everything. That's exciting. This is another special coat. I bought this in David Jones when I lived before I moved to London. It's a 12. It's Basque, the brand. Anyway, it's a peacacoat. It's a really nice length and I love the the navy. It's wool. I love how big the lapels are. I searched high low for a navy coat that was this style because I usually want things that aren't in style or in shops and then then they all of a sudden 2 years later they're everywhere. Anyway, it happens to me all the time my whole life. This came with different buttons. I bought the buttons myself from like a button store in Marrickville, I think it was, um or New Town. And I sewed I changed the buttons over because I wanted a navy blue woolen coat like this that wasn't too short, wasn't too long, and I wanted gold buttons. And I remember it took me ages to pick the buttons. So I just Oh my god. I'm going to try this on. I could wear this now. Oh my god. Oh, it's looser than the leather jacket. How beautiful is the cut of this coat? Just the mid thigh rise. The It's It's like not too thick. It's quite drapey, but it's thick, like warm. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. I feel like I've got A WHOLE NEW WARDROBE. I'M SO EXCITED. That is going straight upstairs. It's a size 12, people. This is another one that I obviously kept because I love it dearly. How awesome is the red underneath? Um, this was gifted to me by ASOS when I used to do like influencery stuff back in the day on Instagram. It was either Boohoo or ASOS. I went to like a few in store launch event things, pop-ups, and they wanted me to wear ASOS. I think I got boots. I'll put a picture in if I can find it of the post of me wearing this coat. Anyway, this is obviously very similar to the previous coat, but this came with buttons that were gold. I didn't do the buttons gold. Um, and then how nice is this pop of red? This is a large. This should This should actually fit me. Little bit tight around the shoulders, but it's like sort of stretchy. I could get away with this. How beautiful. What an awesome like military style coat. Guys, I'm back. I'm back. I think you can still buy this. This is a Duba. Remember when this was everywhere this style? I think Balman started this trend with the tuxedo style/military. Anyway, every man and their dog had a blazer like this. Put your hand up if you still got one in the comments. This is a 14. Yep. She fits a little bit tight on the the shoulders, like ever so slightly. And as per usual, my sleeves are always a little bit too short. Oh my god. Gosh. So, I've had this for two decades. I don't know. I've had it for forever. This is a classic Tazzy uniform before I lived in Tazzay. I obviously I didn't live here and own this. I I think I lived in Sydney when I got this. This is a Cat Mando classic. Um, and it's a size 12 and it used to be loose on me. Oh my god, I just can't. Oh my god, guys. I used to wear this dog walking when I lived in the UK. I had three jobs. Modeling, dog walking, and I was a bartender and a photographer. Oh my gosh. Oh, I wondered where that was. Hello, old friend. Does anyone remember this style of jacket? This is a particularly special coat because I bought this in London. It's ASOS. This is a UK 14 US size 10. This is special. I wore this so much in London. So much. The other reason it's special is you can remove the fur. Faux fur on the hood. Can't remove the hood. But this is lined with faux fur that is removable. So you can use this as like a raincoat Mac style jacket. It's got pockets here, two pockets here. Same on this side. So I used to love this because if you know what it's like in London, sometimes you just want to be able to get to like, you know, your oyster card or whatever. Oh, freaking hell. Your phone, lip gloss, keys, and then have a bag if you need it or not. And it's got like the other thing I loved was it has a draw cord here so you can cinch your waist in. Oh my god, I have I haven't been able to wear this for bloody forever. OH, IT FITS ME. It fits me. I'll put a picture in from Instagram of me wearing this in London. It's always been a bit short on the sleeves though. That's just a tall person problem. Look how big the hood is. It's like a snow jacket. Like that's how I just loved it. It was just the best bloody coat ever. And I'm so excited cuz I'm obviously in Tasmania now. Similar climate, not as much snow. But I've got more. I've got more. I've got to I've got to just like stop doing this. Oh yes. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. I forgot I had this. This is Oh my gosh. Right. This is from Witchery. It is a button up. Just one button. Wool. This is proper wool coat. Look how long it is. It's got pockets. This is a 12. It's from Witchery. I bought this in the airport in Sydney on my way to WA, ironically. Anyway, it was winter and I actually wore this nearly the whole time. Believe it or not, Perth gets cold in winter and it fits me. Oh my god, it fits me. It's a 12 and it's it's not even tight. Oh no, don't go in there. That's silk. No, me. I thought I got rid of this coat. Why would I do that? Wow. I mean, it's a little bit tight on the shoulders, as is the theme with all these jackets, these coats. Um, but I probably bought this size This a size up. Might have been a bit too like big. Holy moly. I'm that excited. I hope it stays cold for a few more weeks so I can wear all these coats. We're nearly We're nearly there. This is a This is another special coat that I probably should have hung on something that wasn't wire. This is a country road silk navy. Like a really inky navy. It's like a trench coat, but it's made of silk. Yes, I bought a silk trench coat. What size is this? It's got the dry cleaning tag on it. It's a 10. Why did I leave it on the dry cleaner hanger, you idiot? It's actually not that bad. Oh no, it's polyester. What am I talking about? It's polyester, but it's dry clean only. That's probably why I thought it was silk. Anyway, stop. I could actually wear this now. This is going to be great in spring summer when I need a layer which happens quite often in Tazzy. Isn't it beautiful? Beautiful. Oh, it's so floaty. It's a little bit tight again on the shoulders, but it's a 10. So, I reckon give me a few more months and I will be able to be happily wearing this. Stop it. Wow. One more. This is a Camila. This is the silk. What do you call this? It says one size. So, I got this in the airport, too. Bloody hell. What's What is it with me in Sydney airport? This is just a very bougie silk CF tan coat, kimonoy trench coat thing. Um, and I haven't worn this for so long. Actually, you know what? says one size, but I wouldn't have been able to wear this three months ago because it's it's quite tight here. Yeah, I could bust this out, bring this back. I just love the colors and it's mainly black and gold. Comes with a satin tie with like tassels on the the end, of course. What's the time? 4:40. I've actually I really need to film a couple of videos before the sun goes down in a few hours. I just wanted to show you some of these pairs of pants that I have that are way too big for me. Aside from what I've already done, these are Halara pants that are like trackies. Way too big. These are from Jackie E. I've got a matching blazer. Look how big they are. They won't I won't be able to wear these even with a belt. It's a shame actually. They're lovely. Um I'm going to try and sell some of these. I don't have a depot account, but maybe I'll set one up. I'll figure out what how I can sell some of this stuff because this like these I've only worn twice. You've seen these so many times. These are my Halara like corduroy. Obviously, I bought a smaller pair already, but this is this is how big these are. I can't even wear them around the house anymore cuz they're a little bit long to sit lower. like if I if I wear them on the waist where they actually fall to, um I they're really they're way too long. Anyway, I really need to film before I run out of daylight. Good morning, everybody. It's Monday. Happy Monday. I'm ready for work. Just about to head out the door actually, but I've been watching the um Sa Paulo Grand Prix, so it's I've got 10 there's 10 laps left. I didn't quite make it to the end. Anyway, this is the first time I'm wearing bare legs with like a floaty summery skirt in months. Actually, this is a lot looser now as well, this skirt, which is exciting. And it's a lovely like olive green color. Got the old black Nike sneakers on and one of my knitted tees. I'm going to wear this blazer peacacoat. I've been defluffing it. That's why it's sitting there like that. towards the ret. >> I'm giving this a full test today. So, um I have been testing it most of the weekend. I'm going to test it properly today. It's not a massive projector like wouldn't say it was huge seage wise. So, I'm going to go before I make myself late. This is how this coat looks. It's quite flattering, isn't it? It needs a bit of a steam actually, but I've gone with this coat from Witchery that I wore yesterday or try it on yesterday and rediscovered. Um, I'm just going to wear it open. It just goes more with my goes with my outfit cuz then the only color that I'm wearing is this green. Probably should have steamed it a bit. It's got a a bit of a crease down the bottom, but I feel like that'll just fall out. Off to work we go. Hi ho. Hi ho. Hello everyone. Good morning. It's Wednesday. Happy Wednesday. I really need to stop saying happy the day. Oh, I about to lose battery. No, no, no, no. Ah, just wanted to say hi. See that pile? That's currently what uh doesn't fit me that I'm either going to donate, give to someone else, sell on Depot, whatever. Just about to head out the door to go to work. Anyway, I thought I'd pick the camera up, but I reckon it's going to cut out any minute. It's very windy today. It's cold. It's gone back to being cold, which is typical for spring. I will talk to you later. Bye. What is a smeary smudge? It's better. Hello everybody. Good evening. Hello. It's nearly 6:00 p.m. I'm home from work. just walked in the door, fed the cats, and I haven't taken off my work clothes yet. But I want to unbox this. And this is um pretty much the only thing I will probably unbox on YouTube instead of Tik Tok because it's just a couple of things I purchased from Amazon. And I want to show you. I placed an Amazon order the other day and everything comes um from different places. So, there's two random things in here. So, we're going to open this. Where is the opening towel? Scissors. I can just see the cats loving loving this packaging. It's so so cold. Oh my gosh, today was cold. Like winter cold. We're in spring and so it's sort of like that in Tazzy. God's sake. This is so hard to open. I had to wear a winter coat and a scarf today. Bloody freezing. Right. I bought the thermal brush, the ionic thermal brush, wavy talk blowout boost. Saw someone on Tik Tok using this and I have been wanting to buy a thermal brush for forever. Well, not forever, for like couple of months, but I was going to buy one that was more expensive. Let's see. I've still got the tabs open in my phone. I was looking at two, the mermaid hair infrared thermal brush, which is currently on sale um at Adore Beauty. But anyway, I was looking at that and then I was going to also potentially buy instead the Bondi Boost version, which is the infrared bounce brush. Um, also currently on sale at Oshair and Beauty. But this is from Amazon. It's an Amazon brand. Well, actually, I don't know if it's an Amazon brand. No, maybe not. Anyway, it's basically the same thing. And I saw a girl using it on Tik Tok. I've forgotten her name. She just does like hair content. And her hair looked fabulous. So good. So I was like, look, I will put the link in the description of the one I purchased, like from the seller I purchased it from, and it's currently 15% off. It was $68. And all the others that are on sale are around the $85, 95, $100 mark on sale. This is normally $80, so it's still cheaper when there's no sales like Black Friday or whatever. And I got the pink one. It's a 38 mm barrel. Let's open it. Actually, why am I just talking to you about it? Love this branding. Uh, so this is her. Wow. I love it. I did have one that's was like an infrared blow dry brush, but this doesn't blast out heat. It's just infrared heat like so there's no blowing of air. And I'm really excited. It's even got like a Velcro thing to hold the strap together. I will perfect this. Make sure it actually works. And then I'll show you how I use it. But I'm excited cuz like getting a a blowout using the Dyson, as you have witnessed, has been a huge bloody issue for me. I use my Dyson not just for the curling attachments as I've mentioned. I use the brush attach the two brush attachments mainly and the smoothing flyway one which I always forget to use at the end. This is super exciting. And oh, so you get a Oh, okay. You get a tutorial with a QR code. So that's good. She was using it. It looks so amazing. And all she did was just like loop it over and pull it down and like that was that was it. It was really quick. And then I get a warranty. And Wavy Talk is getting a makeover. Thanks for your patience while we update everything to the new look, including our logo. This is their new branding, new logo. That's what it used to look like. If anyone's got any old wavy talk. What's in here? Ah, you get two little two little brushes. Uh sectioning clippy doers. Oh, that's great. I'll give this a go and then I'll report back if it's actually good. This is a number one bestseller. This brush. I can see why. Oh, I can see why. Elevate your hair styling experience with our negative ion thermal brush. Negative ions work wonders by sealing the hair cuticle, reducing frizz, and enhancing shine. Oh, that's what I need. Five temperature settings. I'm bloody excited about this. That's before and after. I just This is just on the Amazon page. Oh, doesn't just have the nylon bristles. It's also got these little fatter ones. Maybe that's to keep your hair in the in I don't know. Anyway, I love the pink. Love it. Can't wait to use that. I just have a feeling that it's going to be right. Anyway, the other thing I bought I bought a book. This is what I got. Ultrarocessed People. Why do we all eat stuff that isn't food and why can't we stop? I thought this this looked fascinating and I do love to learn something whilst reading. I really want to start trying to go back to reading nightly because that's a really good wind down for me is reading and I would like to have one fiction and one non-fiction book on the go um just for funsies. So anyway, we're starting it off with this. Actually, I did order two I ordered two books. The other one's not here yet. So anyway, I'll show you that when it arrives. Link is in the description. Join Chris in his travels through the world of food science and a diet of ultrarocessed food. Find out why exercise and willpower can't save us and what UPF is really doing to our bodies, our health, our children, and the planet. It's not you, it's the food. Anyway, ultrarocessed people. I don't eat a lot of processed food anyway. But I really like to know as much about certain things as I can, you know? I just like to be well informed. My hair looks a little bit oily today. So, I will probably actually wash my hair tomorrow and then I will be able to give this a go. Right. No jarro updates. Everything is just as it has been. Everything from last week is the same as this week. So, you know, there's not a lot to tell you, which is great. I really do need to use this. This is mom's blood pressure monitor. I need to give this a go cuz I want to just be able to check my blood pressure when I want whilst on Mount Jaro. It's blowing a gale outside. It's gray sky, gray clouds. I really need to go change, get this off. Uh I've just got my Halara corduroy pants, my smaller ones, and this top which I um have had for years. This is from Kmart. It's just a knitted half sleeve. Yeah, Kmart. This is Kmart. I really need to go back to Kmart. Maybe I should take you to Kmart and we'll do like a shopping trip try on cuz you know I fit into things. Every time I come home for for the evening to heat up my food, I forget that I haven't got a microwave and I have to put it in the smart oven. Maybe I'll do that now. Hey, boo. Dude, that's nice. really nice. Right, I'm actually I think I might start reading this tonight. You know what else I have to do? I have to stop saying might or maybe I need to remove that. I am terrible. I say that all the time. I say I might do blah blah blah or maybe I'll blah blah blah. But I actually mean I am going to I will. It's really bad. It's not really bad, but it's a bad habit. I'm going to go change, get something comfy and warm on, do some editing, have some food, try and go to bed early. Try. I literally just said goodbye to you. I turned around and I went, "Oh my gosh, that's what I wanted to tell you." This is a little bit niche. Was it Friday when I knew I wasn't going to have any eggs for the weekend after I used them up last long weekend? I hadn't put in a Woolly's order or anything and it was Friday and I was like, "Oh, I've got to have eggs tomorrow for breakfast." Anyway, I stopped on the way home at an IGA, just a small groceryer. So, anyway, it's got like specialty foods in it. It's not very big, but I bought these eggs instead of the usual like freerange eggs I buy from the supermarket. These are pasture-raised and they are local. They are from Rookery Creek in the Tamar Valley. I've got no idea on the actual address. Winkly Tazzy eggs. I think they were actually similar price to the eggs at the moment in the supermarket because eggs are premium at the moment. So I got XXL size pasture-raised. This is a type of freerange production that emphasizes lower stocking densities and rotational grazing. So there is always ground cover and grazable plant species for the hens. So they rotate the chickens. There's 1500 hens per hectare and they're ethically raised family-owned company. Anyway, the eggs are so yellow and tasty. Oh. Oh my gosh. So I think I'm going to have to now buy my eggs from from this place. I'm going to have to get eggs like this now. I am I can't go back. Pasture raised. If you can get pasture-raised eggs, try them. If you are into eggs like I am. Um I really don't like that light there on my forehead. If you are into eggs at all, you like a good egg, tasty egg, you don't buy cage eggs, you buy like freerange or organic, look for pasture-raised, and you'll thank me later. Anyway, I told you it was niche. I told you little bit obscure, but I like to give you recommendations where I can and not necessarily this actual brand because obviously this is a local Tazzy company. But if you are able to buy pasture-raised, that's all. This is not the most flattering angle. Really gross today. It's windy. It's rainy. I've got my hair tucked in so it doesn't blow around and I don't have to put a scrunchie in it. I actually had to eat a or eating a low carb no shoe coconut bliss bar because I didn't have my lunch before I left for my break today. It's very much a soup day. Soup weather. It's absolutely disgusting. So, I'm looking forward to eating that when I get back to the office. But for now, um I'm going to edit. And what a day to choose to do my hair in a different way. I used the wavy talk this morning. I filmed it for Tik Tok for the like the first time. I'm really impressed. It took me about 25 minutes, including drying my hair to do that style. Hopefully, it lasts like a few days. That'd be great. Anyway, I love it. It was really good. It was really easy. So bloody easy. Anyway, my hair's a little bit frizzy now cuz it's really windy. I need to go. I need to stop talking to you. I need to do some editing. Obby, bye. Okay, bye. I just got a Amazon delivery. One of which is a ring light like light thingy that's sitting on top of my camera. It's um the small rig little camera light. Uh I bought like a real cheap one from Amazon that was absolutely really bad and battery lasted like 10 minutes. Um I can't get over the the the quality. Obviously, I haven't got any lights on in here, so it's probably not really dark enough to need this, but Oh my god. Hang on. I need to It's a little bit bright. Oh my gosh, I love it. I've just got some new tripods and I don't really need the light because I'm in the sunlight. Um, bought one of these cuz I'm starting to use film more Tik Toks and like reals. Just finally decided, hang on, this is crooked. I've got a new tripod just because the ones that I have are the oldfashioned tripods that have got like they're like shaped like this whereas these take up less space because you know you can just like barely even they don't even need to be fully spread like that. I wasn't going to show you this but I'm just so excited. This is this is a Mag Safe tripod. Anyway, you can actually flip it out here and you can you can put a phone in it that way. It's got hot shoe mounts. It just falls. I just can't get over that. But I can just do that. And I've got like it's on and it, you know, you just turn it around like that. It's also got a remote. This is a Ulanzi. Ulanszi. This is the Ulanzi one. You see them like advertised. There's like a brand that you can buy, I think, on Instagram that they advertise all the time and you can get like the light that fl attaches to the top that flips up. And anyway, I just wanted to get one from Amazon. So, I'll put a link in the description of this exact one that I bought. But I'm just I you just use it like that. It's just I'm just amazed. I'm amazed. And actually, I didn't show you the best part. I'm 510. So maybe this is a 5ft height. I don't know what it is actually. Got no words. And then the one that you're sitting on at the moment. I feel really pro now. It's it's um this version. It's a black one. I got two of the same brands. This one's basically the same except it's black, but I can put my camera on it because it's got like a normal traditional like camera mount. Whereas this is literally just a mag safe mount and it's also you flip this out and then you can put your phone in there like that normally shots like that. You can just film stuff like that. Just I'm absolutely stoked. I'm stoked with this. I wish I'd bought one sooner. I just love how they fold up really small. And this one comes with a Bluetooth remote as well. So, you know, if you want to just like attach the Bluetooth remote, you can take photos from your thumb and it folds down like that. It's pretty light. I'm not like trying to sell this to you, but I'm I'm always really curious about what other creators use to film their videos. So, if that's that's you, then um anyway, on the top of my camera, I've got that light that I just talked about. I am blown away. The black one also comes with a wireless remote that you have to just like attach um connect via Bluetooth. And this is my hair. I haven't really been like touching it a lot today, so it's just kind of that's how my hair turned out. Obviously, it's a whole day's gone by. What time is it? 20 7. I need to get something to eat. I am so excited about this bloody light. You've got no idea. And also my tripod because I film a lot in this house. And oh my god, look at how bright it is here. There you go. I can show you the setup here. Um, and this one also I've got it secured at the bottom so it doesn't move. But this folds up exactly the same. And this light just has like a and it's got a screen at the back, but that's the light. Like that. Um, my life's changed. I keep saying that, but it's dramatic. I know. I need to get something to eat cuz I'm hungry. 7:23. >> Hi. Hello. Oh, stretch. Big stretch. Right. I need to get something to eat, my darling. This is all the chicken I have left. One more serve. And I've got um a piece of salmon defrosting for tomorrow night. And then I do have like way more vegetables. Probably got three more serves left of veggies. So that's what I'm having. And I can just put this in the smart oven because my microwave it does not work. You can probably see into my lounge room where I've been laying. The heated throw that you can just sort of see. I had to plug that in last night and turn it on. It is freezing here. It's like we've gone back to winter. This was my other tripod I was using. I think it's from Kmart. Um I liked it cuz it was really small and light and it's got like one of those normal like shoe mount camera mounts. And this is extendable. But I've got three tripods that are all like this. like this style where you flip it out like that and then the legs extend that way. Anyway, I will keep this obviously for emergencies. For emergencies, this is so much lighter. Like this is so heavy. Like I wouldn't carry this around with me, but I could literally put that in my handbag and it would just like it's so light. Amazing. It's remembering the brightness in my light as well when I turn it on and off. I love it. Let's get some vegetables. That's how much I'm having. It's 100 g of vegetables and probably 100 of chicken. I actually haven't weighed it, but it's it's enough. This is future me. I'm popping this in here because I've been editing this vlog and I've realized that I forgot to film my Black Friday sale discount segment, which I don't want you to miss out on some great deals. If there's anything you're looking at buying or you're not sure of, you've been waiting for Black Friday. I thought I really need to pop this in because obviously there's pre- Black Friday sales or they're all starting early, not just next Friday the 28th. So, my ultrauman ring, there is a Black Friday sale which is 30% off 30. My normal discount is 10. But with my code, which is on screen along with the QR code, the link to this ring, you get 30% off with my code SRK25 for Black Friday. That is a huge saving. I think this ring is normally $600 Australian and you can get it for around $420. It'll be applied on the on the page and in the checkout automatically if you follow my link, but make sure you put the code in just to be sure that it tracks back to me. Fantastic gift idea. I've just been going over all my stats in the app for my current vlog, which I'm filming, which is coming out next week. Honestly, I've been wearing this straight non-stop for like a month now. It's bloody amazing. It's fantastic. The insights that I've gotten from this ring more so for my sleep is just obviously it's all tailored to the individual. If you are interested in tracking your health and you either don't have an Apple Watch or a smartwatch or you don't wear watches, this is a great idea. Also fantastic present idea for Christmas. You get the ring sizer kit beforehand so they don't just you don't have to guess. You pick your best size and then you order you confirm it and they send you the ring and it's really quick. The shipping's really quick. Anyway, I just I I could not not tell you about the code. 30% off is the biggest discount you'll get all year for this ring. So, this code is now live and it ends on the 2nd of December. Just so you know, biggest public offer ever. My cavitation machine, my RF at home my like device that I've got to use today. Actually, that currently is on sale for $248. And I have a code that will also give you $10 off that. Oh, there's a ladybug. Oh, hello. Oh, it's so cute. I only like to tell you about things that I genuinely would buy myself or would recommend to friends. There's a few other things. Um, the Amazon brush that I got from Wavy Talk that is also on sale at the moment. The link is in the description. I did this on Thursday. I think it was Thursday and it's Saturday. So, this is currently um after brushing it morning and night as well since then. This is how my hair looks. There's also Esentha where I get my basics tops and these exact um leggings are like the uh the Lululemon copies. There is a link as well in the description for these along with that's my machine washing is done. Um, oh my god, I love that. Oh, outfit refresh before Black Friday. How exciting. I love that red top. How cool is that? That's like my black one. You get 15% off purchases $25 and more or 20% off when you spend $40 or more. I'm just looking on the Veos website. I was just checking to see if there's a Black Friday deal. I get 20% off all year round with the link in the description. When you click on the link, there should be a popup that says Samantha King has invited you to get 20% off or whatever. And then there's another popup. You have to click on one of the options and then you put in your email and then it sends you the link for the brush. I don't think it applies properly until you do that process. Just FYI. I didn't even know they had travel brushes. You get three free mini travel brushes, three of the free cleaning tools and and the little comb as well and and three Vos brushes. I nearly want to do that just for gifts for Christmas. Oh my god. You've got 20% off. You put in your email and then you click claim 20% off. Then you go to your emails and you follow that link back to Veos. You've got to use my link first. There's a link in the description as well for the Crush Organic CBD products. I'm fairly certain you get half price at the moment for Black Friday. Half price. You can get 40% off all year with my code Samantha King. So, if you miss out on buying something during the sales for Black Friday, you still get 40% off all year. So, every time you go to buy your CBD products, make sure you put my code in. You get 40% off. All year. Oh. Oh, I almost forgot. There's also something very exciting that I am going to do. I just got an email with a release on Amazon Audible for Harry Potter the full cast audio auditions. And there's a holiday promo for Audible from Amazon. It's 99 cents a month for 3 months. If you don't have Amazon Audible, I do obviously. I've got Amazon Prime. Love Amazon. My battery just died. Anyway, with Amazon Audible uh membership, you get one credit a month to buy any title you want. Doesn't matter the price, which you get to keep forever, even if you cancel your Audible membership. And you also get access to the catalog and you get uncapped listening to anything that's in that catalog. It includes like original titles, um books that are now audio books, and also podcasts. And you can listen to anything as long as you want. doesn't matter. Uh and also I think then you get exclusive discounts as well if you're part of the membership. It's very worth it even if if you just wanted to try it for the next 3 months even just to have over Christmas time when you've got your break and you want to try out having listening to audio books. Especially great if you want to listen to something while you're driving if you drive a lot. I don't know even if you're laying in bed and you're just too tired to actually read but you want to listen to something. While I like having hard copy books, sometimes while I'm walking to and from the office, I walk about 40 minutes a day, I can like read a book, listen to a book that whole time. And I love listening to podcasts cuz I like learning stuff. Anyway, um so for for three months you get it's a dollar basically a dollar a month. So $3 for three months and you get to keep all the books. Three you get obviously get three books out of that that you get to keep. Um they're yours forever. Anyway, if you're if you're interested in triing a membership, it's an excellent way because it's super like less than a cost of a coffee. It's basically half a coffee for 3 months. Obviously, also Amazon as a whole has Black Friday sales. Like there's a crap ton that's on sale uh for Amazon and there's a lot more available in Australia than compared to what they used to be. I've got um a storefront. It's in my description. It's in all my videos. Um, anyway, I'm going to I'm going to go make some some eggs. Must go. Must stop talking to you. Good morning, everybody. Good morning. Happy Friday. Happy Friday to me. Today is free dress day at work. And usually I don't have a lot of time to figure out what I'm going to wear. I've gone with my nobody denim jeans that I haven't been able to wear for a couple of years that I love. They are um I'll show you in the mirror in a second. And I've just popped on my my rolly loafers. And also this is a what is this? Tommy Hilfiger. Just a rugby polo. Bit wrinkly. I got this from the iconic. This is probably seven or eight years old. This jumper. I love how it looks with denim. Usually I just throw on like nice track pants and like a jumper or I don't know. I don't usually put much effort into free dress day because I haven't had a lot of I didn't really have any clothes that I wanted to wear that fit me at the time and now I do. Earrings. Earrings. Earrings. I think I'm just going to put in my pearl studs that I've got from Tiffany that I've had for bloody forever and a day. I think I got these when I was 18 or maybe 21. Anyway, they're just like pearl studs from Tiffany and Co. and they are fantastic. Had them for years. I wear them all the time. For some reason, I woke up this morning. Was it when I woke up, I could smell this? I just had a feeling. I don't know. Maybe I I could smell something else on my clothing or like a leftover of a perfume. Anyway, I thought it was this and I just was like, "Oh, I know what perfume I'm wearing today." The universe just told me. I just woke up and I was like, I'm going to wear Extra Dose by Valentino. Sorry, Donaborn in Roma. Extra Dose. I've already sprayed this, but you know, I'll do a bit more because cuz I'm her. I'm that girl. And I will take it with me because I love respraying. It's actually Oh, it's 23. It's um It's looks like a nice day outside except it's going to be cold. It's going to be cold. This is my tripod I've been using. Anyway, I need to turn that around so I can see. Excuse the giant light that I'm not using right now. Um, so these jeans so flattering. They're a cropped. I don't know if they're I guess they're a straight or a cigarette leg or whatever. So, I've just tucked this in. I probably could go a belt to be honest. Maybe I'll take a belt with me in case. I actually would probably wear my Gucci Prince towns if they weren't fully ruined. But anyway, we just go with what we've got. And then I'm actually thinking, would it be too much if I threw on that? Maybe. Putting this to the test. We're putting this tripod to its through its paces. Okay, so Oh, yes. I love this tripod. My gosh, why didn't I get one sooner? I'm not going to wear it now, but I'm going to just throw this in my handbag if I need it. I saw a someone on Tik Tok this week saying there's a rumor that there's going to be a Mecca store opening in Lceston. Comment down below if you live in Tazzy/northwest/NORN/LEST/ wherever that's relevant and you have heard the same thing as me. And also if I don't get invited to the opening of that store, I will be Mecca will be off the Christmas card list. I need something warm. You know what? I might just go I could just go with I'm going to go with the same color and throw this this one on cuz it's casual. There we go. Yes. Love it. This is my And other stories coat from um I think I got this from ASOS. Bloody love this wallet and coat. It's so nice. Ready to go. I'll see you later. I've been doing chores, doing like life admin and that sort of thing. I've done lots of washing. I've got washing here. Anyway, um I decided to pull out all the clothes that were in my bedroom wardrobe. If you have been a subscriber for years, um, or you've seen some of my really old vlogs, you you might remember when I moved into this house from when I moved down from Sydney that I had a lot of clothes I kept that weren't quite fitting you properly or whatever. In one of those vlogs, I sorted all the the clothes and I put them in my bedroom wardrobe. I'm about to lose battery. These are them. And I'm about to try them all on to see if anything fits and I like them. So, look at all those clothes. I'm not going to try them all on with you, but I will maybe pick out some of the ones that I love that I will show you once I've tried everything. Um, some of this might not even be my style. Some of it might still be too small. Anyway, we're going to try it on. I might film some B-roll on my phone, though. So, good morning. Is it still morning? It's 11:00. I woke up early this morning and I had a really bad headache. So, I went straight back to bed after I've had the cats, fell asleep, and here we are. Headache's gone, but I'm hungry. Very, very hungry. I feel a little bit like a zombie. I've got the um is it sleep inertia? I think that's what it's called. I've got a bit of that. I don't really like going back to sleep for that long in the morning anymore. Obviously, I needed it though. Anyway, this is week 13, the start of month four. So, my current estimate levels of my medicine is 1.71 mg. Last week, I lost 700 g and I weighed in at 79.7, which is the first time I've weighed under 80. I'm wearing my Asensa Lululemon um like copy fake leggings today. Can you tell? They pretty much just look the same. This is so buttery and soft. Might have to buy more pairs. I'm not going to bother saying that I have no idea what is going to happen like I do every week because I don't. Yeah. Okay. The hole. Just as I expected. Just as I expected. Let's try again. Yep. I've lost half a kilo. 79.2. Okay, that's actually what I was hoping for because um you know it's more of a healthy rate. That's really good. What's half a kilo in pound? >> 0.5 kg is 1.1 lb. >> What about 79.2 kilos? >> 79.2 kg is 174.61 lb. >> Thank you. >> Of course. >> Wow. 79.2 half a kilo. Let's do my measurements to see if there's been any change. Another centimeter down in this area here around my waist and also around my hips. Look at my hair, everyone. Look how like flicky it still is from when I did the curling thing. And when was that? I washed and dried and styled my hair with that wavy talk on Thursday and it's Saturday and I've brushed it morning and night and it still looks like this. Isn't that amazing? Wow. That's two things at play here. The Veos brush and that styler. I mean, it's a little bit flat around the top, but I'm 200 g away from losing 18 kilos in total. For anything I mention in my videos that has any discount codes or links or anything like that, it'll be in the description. I always forget to end the vlog. Sorry about that. The last few vlogs have just like stopped. Thank you all for being here. Thank you so much for watching and I will see you in my next video.

- GLP-1 Weight Loss is Changing the Aesthetic Industry – Stay Ahead With T-Shape 2!: Kind: captions Language: en America's shedding weight faster than ever but at what cost whether you believe in God or Evolution injecting yourself with something at 40 times its natural concentration in the body might not be the best idea yet that's exactly what millions are doing with OIC and similar drugs but here's the reality America faces an obesity crisis and for many the benefits of these drugs outweigh the risks as a business person Your Role is to position yourself for this shift while we can't stop patients from using glp1 medications we also can't make them take the protein or lift the weights needed to prevent OIC face or OIC butt that's where we come in we're seeking 60 launch partners for the top selling skin tightening device from Italy the t-shape 2 this groundbreaking technology combines four levels of radio frequency with three other Advanced modalities to deliver extraordinary results for cellulite facial Rejuvenation and most critically skin laxity now's your chance to stay ahead of the coming skin laxity epidemic and help your clients look and feel their best as they slim down join us today

- Ozempic Face or a Plump Face: The Beauty Dilemma: Kind: captions Language: en what's the best way to reduce eat Plenty or starve yourself starve yourself wrong a half empty stomach causes hunger Tantrums now with the RDX full stomach reducing plan you fill your stomach avoid hunger Tantrums lose excess weight naturally and fast and safe Pleasant tasting RDX tablets contain no dangerous drugs no hormones so if your doctor has told you to lose weight get RDX at your drugstore now for a few years now those bit craze has reshaped Hollywood and increasingly everyday life was started as a diabetes treatment quickly became the most sought after weight loss drug leading to Rapid and dramatic Transformations but alongside the shrinking waistline something else has changed people's faces enter OIC face or oace a side effect that has become almost as talked about as the drug itself the phenomenon has sparked an interesting debate do you want to be thin or do you want to have a good face because as French actors Katherine Dan view famously said at a certain age you have to choose between your face and your ass this idea has been floating around for decades but in the age of medicalized weight loss it's taken a new level of significance in a world where appearance signals class health and Status the face debate isn't just about vanity it's about power privilege and the impossible beauty standards women choose to face so in today's video we're taking a deep dive into the politics of the face we'll explore how beauty standards have historically dictated the ideal face how pop culture has shaped her obsession with face facial structure and why the OIC face is more than just a side effect it's a reflection of who gets to control the conversation about [Music] beauty and now a word from our sponsor thank you salute IPL hair removal for sponsoring this video so let's be real hair removal can be such a hassle shaving every other day painful boxing sessions or those expensive Salon treatments that drain your time and wallet it's exhausting that's why I'm so excited to share with you salute Trinity eyeglow 10 it's the game changer I never knew I needed and look at the Sleek design it's egonomic lightweight and even has a big touchcreen making it simple to use plus it's award-winning because Beauty should feel as good as it looks the 30° angle makes it easy to hold and the sapphire cooling window keeps your skin cool and comfortable even on sensitive areas like the bikini line and it's completely painless with the salute Trinity iglow 10 everything is smart it syncs with the seone app which analyzes your skin tone recommends the perfect settings and even tracks your progress it's like having your own personal laser technician at home and check this out the AI technology creates a personalized treatment plan so you get faster more effective results and you can even see the instant reports in the app it's super fast with 200 flashes per minute and automatic mode I can remove all my hair into just 10 minutes the triple pulse technology also ensures even the most stubborn hair is gone after just 2 weeks you'll see smoother longlasting results so say goodbye to stubble ingrown hairs and all of that Hassle and ready to change your hair removal game save time money and trips to the salon with salute use my code Laura Jane for $140 off today plus with a 2-year warranty and 100 day money back guarantee so you really have nothing to lose and trust me you want to try this one you'll never go back so click the link below to order now and join the salute Revolution and don't forget to use my discount code below Laura Jane for $140 off now let's jump back into the main video chapter one The Choice thin body or youthful face the so-called OIC face is not a medical condition but rather a byproduct of Rapid Extreme Weight Loss when the body sheds fat it does not discriminate between areas and the face particularly the cheeks temples and under eye areas are often one of the first places to lose volume this can lead to sunken features deeper wrinkles and sagging skin creating appearance that many associate with premature aging while this effect has been observed in cases of significant weight loss through history the sudden rizon zpic medications has made these Transformations more widespread and more visibly ever than before and the reason OIC phase has sparked such a debate is that it forces people especially women into impossible Beauty Paradox for decades mainstream Beauty culture has demanded that women achieve both an ultra thin body and a full youthful face despite the the biological reality that these two ideals often contradict each other maintaining a low body fat percentage naturally reduces facial fullness which means that chasing thinness often comes at the expense of the plump smooth symmetrical face associated with youth women who achieve Extreme Weight Loss are now being met with an unexpected backlash accused of looking too gaunt too tired or even sick but this criticism doesn't come with a call to abandon the thin ideal Al together it simply introduces yet another layer of expectation be thin but don't let your face show it this contradiction exposes a fundamental and often unspoken rule of modern Beauty thinness must look effortless and aging must remain invisible a woman who loses weight is still expected to look youthful but a woman who keeps some extra weight to maintain a fuller face risk being judged as lacking discipline or self-control and this double bind has long existed in the beauty industry but the rise of hmic has made it more extreme celebrities and influencers who have rapidly slimmed down on the drug are now under just as much scrutiny as they were before only now the criticism has shifted from their bodies to their faces and of course this is just not a matter of Aesthetics it is also a question of access and privilege the wealthy particularly those in Hollywood and Elite Social Circles can afford to combat OIC pH through a variety of costly procedures fat grafting where fat is taken from another part of the body and injected into the face is one of the increasingly popular options fillers which have been used for years to sculpt an enhan facial volume are now being strategically placed to counteract the gaunt look caused by rapid weight loss more advanced interventions such as deep plain face lifts and radio frequency skin tightening treatments can further refine the face while maintaining a youthful contour and for those to who can afford it the solution to a zic face is simply another step in their beauty maintenance routine they can achieve weight loss without sacrificing face or volume allowing them to embody the new carefully curated idea of being both thin and plump all in the right places but for the average person taking OIC these options are often Out Of Reach I mean the medication is is already expensive so I can't imagine paying for the Cosmetic procedures on top of that and these procedures are expensive they require downtime and in many cases are not covered by insurance this means that while celebrities and the ultra wealthy can undergo subtle but effective touchups to maintain their ideal appearance everyday people must accept the consequences of their weight loss and try to reverse the effects through more temporary less effective means like makeup and skin care this is where the OIC face becomes a class marker if you are wealthy your weight loss is seen as aspirational because you can afford to manage it in a way that looks natural and effortless if you're not your weight loss may be more visibly imperfect making you a target for criticism rather than admiration this has long been the case with body weight itself thinness has historically been a privilege of the wealthy while obesity has been pathologized in lower inome communities now that same divide is being drawn not just around the body but around the face the contradiction where thinness is praise but the visible signs of weight loss are criticized sets up an impossible standard if you follow the beauty ideal to want extreme dream you're told you've gone too far if you opt for a fuller face you're at risk be labeled as letting yourself go there's no winning only an endless cycle of beauty maintenance that demands Perfection at every stage I mean I feel like it's just staying at a healthy weight I mean I wouldn't want to be super skinny I'd rather be like slightly plump so that my face wouldn't look gaunt but still healthy and what makes this debate particularly revealing is that it exposes how beauty standards are never truly about health or personal preference they're about control women in particular are constantly forced to adapt to a shifting set of expectations they're designed to be unattainable when thinness was the only goal weight loss was seen as an accomplishment now that thinness is widely achievable through medication the goal posts have moved again and the emphasis has shifted towards preserving a youthful naturalook face this means that OIC face is not just a beauty concern it is a reflection of how the power operates within the beauty industry and culture the people who set these standards are not subject to them in the same way that everyday women are celebrities influencers and the alter wealthy can afford to engage in high stakes balancing acts while the rest of the world is left chasing ideal that is increasingly difficult to reach so what does this mean for the future if history is any indication the ideal face will continue to evolve and new cosmetic technologies will emerge to address the latest athetic problems but for now we are witnessing a critical moment in Beauty culture one where the illusion of effortlessness perfection is being exposed and the contradictions within modern beauty standards are becoming harder to ignore chapter 2 a history of the ideal face who decides what's beautiful the concept of the perfect face has always been a reflection of the values and priorities of the time Beauty has never been about personal preference alone it has been shaped by social structures class hierarchies economic conditions and technological advancements what we consider beautiful is often tied to deeper cultural anxieties and aspirations meaning that the definition of the ideal face is always in flux in many historical periods facial Aesthetics were links to class distinctions before modern cosmetic interventions a person's appearance often signified their social economic status in the Renaissance for example round plump faces were associated with nobility Leisure and access to an abundance of food these features indicated wealth because the lower classes who performed physical labor and had fewer resources often had thinner more angular faces due to undernourishment and exposure to harsh environments the softness of a woman's face was directly connected to the ideas of fertility health and privilege making facial fullness and indicator both status and desirability as the world industrialized in the 19th century the association between thinness and refinement began to take hold particularly in the upper classes during the Victorian era a more delicate slightly hollowed face became fashionable particularly among women there was an increased emphasis on ethereal Beauty pale almost translucent skin paired with refined angular features Victorian women went to extreme lengths to maintain this look arsenic to achieve a sickly ghostly paler cons complexion that had unintended side effects of hollowing out their cheeks this reflected the cultural ideal of the time women were expected to be fragile passive and demere and their faces need to reflect this aesthetic stepping into the 1920s the flapper era marked another major transformation and beauty standards particularly in facial Aesthetics for the first time in modern history women actively sought to reduce facial fullness as a form of rebellion the rise of jazz culture Urban night life and the increasing independence of women led to a rejection of the traditional roundface ideal in favor of a more androgynous angular look women cut their hair into short bobs darkened their eyes and aimed for a thinner more streamlined face this shift was tied to changing gender roles women were fighting for the right to vote entering the workforce and gaining social autonomy and their beauty ideals reflected this departure from traditional femininity and by the time the 1950s arrived however the pendulum swung back the post-war era brought a return to Domesticity and beauty standers once again favored a soft full youthful face women were encouraged to embrace their femininity and Hollywood icons like Marilyn Monroe Elizabeth Taylor and Grace Kelly epitomize his look their radiant rounder cheeks symbolize warmth fertility and a return to traditional gender roles this shift was also influenced by the booming economy food was more abundant beauty products were widely available and cosmetic enhancements such as early versions of fillers were emerging allowing women to stly maintain their youthfulness and fullness the 1970s and 80s saw yet another change the rise of Fitness culture and the growing influence of Hollywood's workout craze which led to an emphasis on a more sculpted face the introduction of aerobics weightlifting and fad diets encouraged women to strive for a leaner more defined look both in the body and the face this was the first time that actively chiseling the face through exercise contouring and Skin Care became widespread in Beauty celebrities like Jane Fonda and Christy Brinkley represented this ideal thin but not gaunt full face but not soft embodying a careful balance that required intense discipline then came the 90s an era that introduced one of the most extreme beauty standards in modern history the heroin Chic look the grunge aesthetic fueled by fashion music subcultures glorified a sunken gaunt and almost malnourished appearance Kate Moss became the face of this trend with her hollowed out cheeks sharp jawline and almost skeletal frame and this was a direct reaction to the over-the-top glamour of the and it was meant to look raw and effortless and rebellious I honestly kind of hate this look it's kind of depressing and but this trend also had a dangerous consequences as it normalized extreme thinness and disordered eating as aesthetic choices rather than health concerns and moving into the 2000s and 2010s saw a reversal of the heroin Chic era and the rise of injectables plastic surgery and social mediad driven beauty standards instead of glorifying thinness at all costs the focus shifted to creating the perfect balance structured by soft chiseled but youthful features celebrities and influencers turned to cosmetic procedures to enhance their facial structure without the side effects of weight loss high cheekbones full lips and a sculpted jawline became the new ideal giving rise the ER of contouring and facial optimization this is when cosmetic procedures like fillers Botox buck and buckle fat removal became mainstream it was no longer enough to Simply Be thin you had to be perfectly engineered now in the age of OIC we are once again witnessing a shift the ultra thin body ideal has returned but with a new complication a gaunt face is no longer considered desirable instead Beauty cultor now demands that women be exceptionally thin while maintaining a youthful plump face this is an almost impossible standard to achieve naturally which is why the demand for fat grafting facial fillers and high-tech skin tightening treatments is surging among those who have rapidly lost weight what is particularly striking about this moment is that it reveals how beauty is increasingly becoming a science rather than a natural state the perfect face is no longer something one is born with it is something that can be constructed adjusted and manipulated through medical intervention and the rise of aesthetic medicine has made it possible to pick and choose which aspects of one's appearance to alter creating a highly curated artificial version of beauty that is marked as effortless but perhaps the biggest takeaway from history is a face has never been just about beauty it has always been about power status and control the ideal phase is dictated by those who hold cultural influence whether that be Renaissance Aristocrats Victorian socialites Hollywood Moguls or today's Elite cosmetic surgeons the people who determine what is attractive are often those who can afford to meet those standards leaving everyone else scrambling to keep up so what does this mean for the future will the next era Beauty bring another reversal favoring natural fullness or sculpted thinness or will we continue to see beauty become more medicalized with thin bodies and Youthful faces meticulously engineered through an endless cycle of cosmetic enhancements if history tells us anything it's that beauty ideals will always change but the pressure on women to conform will remain the same it'll be interesting to see cuz I know OIC is new fairly and it's only a few years it'll be interesting to see like even 10 years from now like the data of like possible side effects cuz I've been like hearing different horror stories again these like I'm not a doctor I don't know I know it's helping a lot of people but I saw something online about some lady saying that she has a lot of bone loss in like almost like early stage osteoporosis CU I heard you can't absorb nutrients the same again these are all speculations so I don't know I'm not a doctor but it will be I'm always like airing on the side of caution and these type of things I feel like if it's good to too good to be true there must be something to it and it'll be just interesting to see what happens 10 years from now chapter three pop culture in the face of politics and fame so Hollywood has long dictated Beauty Sanders but the rise of the zic face has added a new layer to the way we analyze celebrity Transformations the Paradox of achieving an ultrain body while maintaining a plump youthful face has put stars under even more of an intense microscope in an industry where looking ageless is an expectation rapid weight loss has been has exposed contradictions of celebrity Beauty maintenance for decades the public has obsessed over how celebrities faces change over time but the conversation has now shifted from did they get work done to did they lose too much weight and this shift is notable because historically thinness has been an unquestioned marker of success health and desirability in Hollywood it's now cuz basically any celebrity who loses a bunch of weight is automatically people are like oh it's OIC and losing weight was once an easy ticket to praise however with the rapid effects of drugs like OIC celebrities are now experiencing new type of backlash not for getting thin but for the visible signs of how they achieved it and this scrutiny is particularly harsh among women Madonna for instance was criticized during every stage of her career in the 80s and '90s she was ridiculed for looking too muscular and as she aged her face became the subject of countless hip pieces dissecting whether she had gone too far with cosmetic procedures I mean I do think she has gone too far especially in her recent photos to be honest and when she appeared more gaunt in recent years headlines laminated that she looked unrecognizable I mean her face just looks completely injected with filler but was the alternative maybe if she didn't do anything people would be harsh too so you can't really win and this proves an uncomfortable truth there's no right way for a women to age especially under the Gaze of pop culture and look at Renee zwicker who has also been a prime example of this impossible standard in the early 2000s Tapo frequently called her like a little bit chubby compared to her Hollywood peers when she slimmed down dramatically her for roles the focus immediately shifted to speculation about plastic surgery her face which had always been rounder and Youthful became the subject of public obsession with many accusing her of altering beyond recognition but what if it was simply the natural effect of aging and weight fluctuation I do think she had some sort of eyelid surgery or something cuz she just I have nothing against her enhancing her appearance but she just looks a lot different so she did a procedure that made her I think it was eyelid surgery or something the public never considered that possibly because celebrity beauty is expected to remain Frozen in Time men while not entirely immune experience the scrutiny in a much different way if you look at Jonah Hill for example he has gone through multiple public weight Transformations when he was heavier he was reduced to the funny fat guy Trope when he lost weight he was celebrated until he lost too much then concerns emerged over whether he had gone too far but notice the tone of the conversation when men lose weight the narrative revolves around health and self-improvement and when women lose weight the conversation shifts towards how it affects their attractiveness aging and desirability social media has only made this worse with the rise of highdefinition cameras unfiltered Paparazzi shots and Tik Tock face analysis videos and no celebrity transformation goes unnoticed people are hyper aware of even the slightest facial changes whether it's cheek volume skin laxity and jawline definition the conversation around celebrity weight loss is no longer about the body it's about the face it's true with film and TV now the camera is so high definition you can really see everything and now this level of scrutiny is no longer exclusive to the rich and famous with the widespread use of OIC Ordinary People are experiencing the same kind of judgment once reserved for Hollywood stars the average person posting a weight loss Journey on social media is now facing unsolicited opinions but whether they've lost too much whether the faces change for the worst or whether they need fillers to fix the side effects and the face debate has officially trickled down from the leap to mainstream and the shift represents a turning point in Beauty culture historically extreme thinness was a clear signifier of wealth and status but now thinness alone is not enough there must be careful curation to AV void looking like you've lost weight unnaturally this is why the wealthy celebrities don't just stop at Weight Loss they invest in procedures to maintain facial fullness ensuring that they stay thin without developing the gaunt appearance that gets scrutinized and for the average person taking OIC they don't have access to these luxurious high-end dermatologist treatments and plastic surgeons so then they are stuck with the side effects instead it risk exposing economic disparity when those with wealth can perfect their Transformations while the others have to deal with the consequences and at its core the politics of phom and Beauty have always been out of control celebrities are not just admired for their appearances they're police for them Society demands they stay young forever but if they take dramatic measures to maintain that youthfulness they are mocked if they gain weight they are ridiculed if they lose weight and they're fa changes they are criticized for being unhealthy it's a game that no one can win and with the rise of medicalized weight loss the game has only been more difficult to play so as OIC face continues to dominate public discussion we have to ask what is this really about is it about beauty or is about reinforcing power structures that keep people especially women constantly chasing an anent table ideal because if history tells us anything it's that the rules of beauty will keep shifting and the moment women finally catch up those rules will change again chapter 4 what comes next and as the conversation around OIC face grows louder the questions remain what happens now will the gaunt sculpted look of Extreme Weight Loss become normalized or are we at the verge of backlash the future of beauty is unpredictable but history suggests that what is considered ideal never stays the same for long one of the most immediate responses to the OIC phenomenon is already taking shape OIC recovery this emerging trend suggests that many people who lost weight rapidly whether by choice or as a result of peer pressure are now looking for ways to reverse some of the visible side effects particularly in the face as fillers become more sophisticated and fat grafting techniques improve we may see a rise in highly curated face roll enhancements for just the right amount of fullness and these interventions won't necessarily be about returning to the prios look but rather about fine tuning weight loss results to maintain the illusion of effortless thinness to avoid that hollowed out appearance and if this becomes the new Beauty standard again there will be a new class divide emerging and you'll need financial resources to do that and I know a lot of people take OIC too because they do have diabetes or they're at a point where their health will be affected so much just from being so overweight that OIC will save their life in many ways so it's interesting to see I know some celebrities didn't necessarily need it and they have access to like chefs personal trainers healthy diet so I think for them more so essentially in many ways could be considered a quick fix so I mean I'm not judging people either way for taking it I know it has helped a lot of people who were in need of it and essentially has probably saved a lot of people's lives where they were their weight was affecting their health and they needed to lose weight and this was kind of The Last Resort which I don't blame them for and celebrities like we have seen a pattern of weight fluctu basically Each decade in the 20th century and even now you can see this with the heroin Chic in the 9 the extreme thinness of the early 2000 with the muscular look and then we kind of went into the curvier look with celebrities like Jennifer Lopez and Beyonce in the 2010s as well as Kim Kardashian who popularized the Fuller standards but now like if you look at Kim Kardashian she's gotten super skinny and so the cultural narrative is constantly shifting so it'll be interesting to see what happens in the future I mean based on historical data it seems like we're just going to go back flip back and forth back and forth so I think taking OIC should not be because you want your body to be a trend it you should be taking it because it's your last resort and you need to lose weight because your health depends on it so it's interesting to see how it's t basically taken over Hollywood I mean a lot of these people if they''re not admitted it you don't necessarily know that if they're on it so I don't necessarily like accusing people but it is always I always do wonder if some celebrity suddenly lost a bunch of weight you kind of wonder how they did it but you know maybe they did just hire a personal trainer but sometimes when their face looks a little weird kind of gaunt it's hard to say because I do see that look in the photos online when you look at it so I don't know it's hard to say so what will happen next will zic face be accepted even aspirational in a look or will Society reject the gaunt aesthetic and return to celebrating fullness again and most importantly will we ever stop scrutinizing people's faces so what do you think will the hollow out cheek look stick around or will the full face make a comeback let me know in the comments below and if you enjoyed this deep dive don't forget to like and subscribe for more Explorations into Beauty history and pop culture all right thanks for watching

- Hollywood Has a New Face… And It’s TERRIFYING: Kind: captions Language: en I had my first real jump scare of 2025 the other day. And no, it wasn't from a horror movie. It was from seeing Selena Gomez's new face. I'm not joking. At first, I thought this was just another AI picture that I had fallen for because there is no way within the space of a year she's gone from looking like a normal 30-year-old woman to looking borderline extraterrestrial. But sadly, it's very, very real. And what makes it worse is that she is far from being the only one. If you've been on the internet recently, you may have noticed this growing trend of celebrities appearing on red carpets looking like wax work versions of their former selves. Just take a look at Chris Jenner, okay, who is 70 years old. 70. Sorry, I didn't realize I was starring in the movie Night at Madam Two Swords. I mean, what is this? I am not being dramatic when I say that celebrity faces are genuinely starting to freak me out. And here's where it gets weird, because after staring at so many of these faces for research purposes, obviously, I figured out that they all fall into three very specific categories. You have the super inflated, the vacuum sealed, and the who are you and what have you done with Christina Aguilera. All extremely different on the surface, but are surprisingly all symptoms of the very same problem. Because the truth is, these celebrities aren't just experimenting with the usual Botox and fillers. There's a clear shift happening and it's changing the entire template of what celebrities are supposed to look like. It's like somewhere along the way, Hollywood collectively decided that normallooking human features were suddenly outdated. The very same features that used to make these celebrities so unique and iconic in the first place were treated like flaws that they needed to fix. But the question that so many people can't understand is why is this happening? Why, when every single person online is clearly horrified by this look, does it [music] keep escalating? And what happens when every celebrity reaches the point of being unrecognizable? Because that's the real terrifying truth of this. And that is exactly what I'm going to uncover today. Not because I suddenly care what these grown adults are shoving into their faces, but because I care about the clear message it sends. I care that we've reached a point where a 25-year-old getting a facelift isn't shocking, it's aspirational. I care because these are the faces that are leading cinema right now. The faces that are supposed to be carrying these emotional scenes, but their skin is pulled so tight that you can't tell if they're supposed to be crying or if they're just severely constipated. So that's why today we're diving head first into the celebrity face crisis. A journey filled with suspense, plot twists, and at least three jump scares. But quickly, before we fully dive into this, I need to take a moment to talk about a serious issue that I've been having. one that I know so many of you can relate to. As movie lovers, we're always searching for the next thing to watch, right? And the internet makes that so easy because every week they collectively lose their minds over some new film. So, I sit down all excited. I pull up the streaming site and it's not available in my country. Yep, that's it. Night is ruined. Or is it? Introducing the sponsor of today's video, ProtonVPN. ProtonVPN is an amazing device that allows you to connect to over 13,000 plus servers across 120 different countries like what you see on UK Netflix, French Amazon Prime, Australian Disney Plus. Simply select a server in that country, connect to it, and boom, you can now access the entire country's catalog. And the best part, you can stream all the worldwide movies, shows, sporting events you want in 4K without any buffering. ProtonVPN also provides you with complete privacy online. When you connect to a server, your real IP address is hidden, preventing piracy invading ads, trackers from seeing your browsing, and malware from infecting your device. Check out ProtonVPN's limited time Black Friday discounts at protonVPN.com/marina. Also linked in the description down below. Thank you ProtonVPN for sponsoring today's video. I wanted to start by explaining why this is so much bigger than just celebrities doing weird things to their faces. Because whether you want to admit it or not, celebrities have always been an example of beauty. Since the beginning of pop culture, since the first girl group walked a red carpet in matching denim skirts, and the world collectively said, "Yep, that's the look now." And I know some of you may sit there and argue, "Well, that's not how it is now. No one cares about celebrities in this social media day and age." Wrong. Case in point, Haley Bieber, who is quite literally one of the most influential public figures of this generation. And I don't just mean in the sense, oh, Haley's wearing this shirt. I need to buy the exact same one. No, it is so much more extreme than that. Haley posts a little lip-sync video where it looks like she's chewing on this weird plastic thing. And you would think the normal reaction to this would be, I don't know, scroll, blink, literally not even register what was happening. But no, this video sent the internet into fullon crisis mode trying to figure out what the heck she's chewing on so that they could buy the exact same thing. And when the internet finally cracked the case that it was this disposable Colgate toothbrush, those things sold out everywhere. Not only that, you had these brands trying to recreate the product so that they could get in on the demand. That is how huge this was. But oh, we are not done yet. Haley posts this casual random little video of herself eating sushi whilst wearing a face mask. So tell me why in the following weeks my entire for you page was full of girls desperately trying to do the exact same thing and failing miserably whilst they're at it. People were genuinely irritated that their face masks weren't sitting just right like hers was. We live in a society that operates on a literal hard mentality. Tik Tok has created this collective brain where no one can make a single decision without checking the comment section first. Every single day I see videos like, "Okay, besties, what shoes are we wearing this summer?" They treat normal things like it's a group project. And that's the thing, people yearn for someone to look up to. They want someone to tell them what's cool or what's worth buying. And who better to step into that role than celebrities. But when you look at celebrity influence now compared to the '9s and 2000s, there's a clear difference, and not in the ways that you might think. Back then, beauty used to be defined by individuality. You could put 10 big female celebrities side by side and they would all look completely different. Cameron Diaz looked like Cameron Diaz. Julia Roberts looked like Julia Roberts. Beyonce looked like Beyonce. Their faces had quirks, personality, expressions, actual real expressions. It really makes you think, how did we go from these unique faces being the standard of beauty to this carbon copy Instagram face that we see in 2025? And to answer this, we have to look so much deeper. As much as I romanticize the '9s and 2000s for its unique beauty, let's be real, the standards back then were absolutely brutal. But not for someone's face, for their body. >> It won't close. >> It's a five. >> Ma'am, do you have this in the next size up? >> Sorry, we only carry sizes 1, 3, and 5. You could try Sears. >> The word of the decade was skinny. To be beautiful, you had to be thin. As thin as humanly possible, and then a little thinner on top of it. >> Give her a break. Brian is the best in the squad, so she gained a little weight over the summer. She doesn't look that bad. >> Are you kidding me? The girl's a cow. >> This was the nothing tastes as good as skinny feels era. And sadly, celebrities got the full brunt of it. You had entire magazines dedicated to zooming in on women's bodies in bikinis, circling the tiniest bit of cellulite like it was a crime scene. They would put these pictures on the front page with the headline, "Is she pregnant or just fat?" And as someone who didn't grow up in this era, it's hard to even comprehend how this type of shaming was even real, how it was allowed. I just think about the damage it must have caused these celebrities who were desperately trying to keep up with these standards. And then the effects of these standards impacting society. I mean, it must have just been awful. As the years went by and social media grew, we slowly started to leave these toxic standards behind. People started talking about mental health, preaching how we should focus on body positivity and self-love. There were campaigns with real women in them. We saw different body types on billboards, more diverse faces in advertising. It was a cultural shift from you must be skinny to all bodies are beautiful, and even celebrities were starting to join in. They were posting no makeup selfies, talking about their insecurities, and everyone was like, "Wow, we've done it. We've evolved. Congrats, humanity. We've unlocked acceptance." But here's where things started to take a sinister turn when we saw the rise of a very different type of problem. One very, very, very big problem, the Kardashians. Now, everyone has their own opinions on the severity of the Kardashians influence on society. If you were to ask me, I would say that they were a driving factor into where we are today. Because whilst the rest of the world was still recovering from this skinny era, the Kardashians decided to introduce this new beauty standard. BBLs. Who remembers in 2016 when the Kardashians entered every room booty first with their huge hips, perfectly round butt, flat stomach, slim arms, facial contour sharp enough to cut glass. Of course, the Kardashians didn't invent BBLs, but they definitely mainstreamed that body trend. And they did it whilst claiming it was all natural. They expected everyone to believe that they went from this to this by just doing squats. Yeah. Going to the gym doesn't give you a completely different skeleton, Kim. And this is where the damage really starts because pretty quickly you had all these women flying to places like Turkey and Mexico getting dangerous procedures done because they wanted to fit into this new standard. And unlike a new contour technique, this wasn't something that you could just wipe off with a makeup wipe. These girls were permanently changing their bodies, which is why the next part of this is so disturbing. Somewhere along the line, the BBL era started to die and social media slowly began to romanticize these old school ideas of beauty, the thinness, the '90s model look. It was taking over again. But I don't think that anyone ever expected it to seep out into the real world. This looked like just another social media trend. Well, that was until people noticed that the Kardashians were starting to shrink. I mean, literally shrinking. The curves that they built empires on were quietly being erased. Their butts deflated, their waist got smaller. They were turning into these tiny, petite versions of themselves. It was like watching a decade of BBL culture get vacuumed out of their body overnight. And let's be honest, Ompic played a massive role in this shift because for the first time ever, there was a literal substance you could take that offered that kind of effortless thinness celebrities had been chasing forever. And what's so unsettling about this is that we're not seeing OMIC used by celebrities who needed to lose weight for medical reasons. We're seeing it used by people who were already small. Celebrities who were perfectly healthy sizes. Celebrities who already had personal chefs, personal trainers, nutritionists, dieticians, and yet suddenly they were shrinking at record speed. What drives me crazy is how they pretend like nothing is happening. They say, "Oh, it's all natural. I'm doing Pilates. I'm drinking more water." Girl, please. You did not lose 40 lbs of body mass by switching from dairy milk to almond milk. Please be serious. And do you want to know why it's so noticeable? Because they're taking it so far, it's starting to make them look supernatural. Bodies are dropping weight so quickly that their proportions don't even make sense anymore. And that brings me to the actual issue that we're dealing with today. When you lose weight that fast, especially when you didn't have any weight to lose in the first place, your face doesn't get snatched. It ages. Your face collapses. Your skin loses volumes, your cheeks sink in, and it gives that Day of the Dead type of look. Because aging is such a crime in this industry, celebrities see these faces and go into full-blown panic mode. But they don't run to therapy to try and deal with this trauma. They go straight to the surgery table to try and fix their face. We've officially entered the era of full facial reconstruction, and most of the people getting it didn't even need it in the first place. They're just following the trend like everyone else. You know what should be a trend instead? Subscribing to my channel. Sorry, that was so cringe. But seriously, if you love all things movies, pop culture, entertainment, then you're in the right place cuz that's exactly what I do here. So, make sure you subscribe so you don't lose me in the algorithm. Anyway, so like I mentioned before, I've come to the conclusion that celebrity beauty culture has gone down three very different but distinct paths. Some of them tried to fix the signs of aging by pumping their face full of filler and Botox, but they ended up looking kind of swollen and inflated instead. Others panicked in the opposite direction, doubling down on that sharp, hollow, sculpted look, literally like walking skeletons. And then there are the ones that took the nuclear option, the fullon facial reconstruction where you look like you just stepped out of a time machine. Three different problems all happening at the exact same time. So let's go through them all. Okay, let's firstly start with inflated to oblivion because that one is impossible to ignore. Literally, their faces can't be ignored. Their cheeks, lips, and even foreheads are so puffy that they're edging towards uncanny valley territory. The person that everyone has recently been talking about, of course, is Selena Gomez. Fans were shocked at how dramatically her face has changed, and we're talking jaw on the floor kind of shocked. But this didn't happen all of a sudden. There was a clear buildup. As much as I adore the show Only Murders in the Building, it's impossible to ignore all of Selena's changes when they stand out so much. You can see the Botox and filler gradually getting more and more extreme as the seasons went on to the point where there's just no movement in her face anymore. I actually made a whole another video on just Botox and acting because I truly think it should be illegal. I mean, you can't even tell what emotion she's trying to convey in this scene. And I think that the fact that I grew up watching and loving Selena makes it so much worse. It feels like we're watching someone we know slowly morph into this almost cartoon version of themselves. And it is so sad to see. But I still just can't get over these recent pictures because I am not joking. She literally looks like this crisp that we have in the UK called Space Raiders. I mean, spot the difference level impossible. And I know I sound mean, but I really don't mean it in a horrible way. I'm just tired of people being too afraid to speak about it. This is the clear result of overfilling your face. The more filler you add, the more it just stacks up. It doesn't vanish. It builds on itself, pushing the skin outwards and rounding the face in ways that completely erase the natural structure. That's what's giving her that inflated look where her cheeks are so puffy that they look like they're about to burst off her face. And you can even see the same thing happening with Taylor Swift. Her face just looks noticeably rounder and a lot more swollen than what we're used to seeing. Social media has made everyone terrified of aging. You go on Tik Tok and it's full of 20-year-olds talking about preventative Botox. Like wrinkles are some type of disease you have to get a vaccination for. There are literal teenagers doing anti-aging routines. Children are now asking for skin care for Christmas. [music] This obsession to maintain young smooth skin has completely taken over society. It's like we've all collectively decided that the worst thing a human can do is look like an actual human. But the problem with getting all these things like preventative Botox done at such a young age is that it can end up making you look a lot older. These girls on Tik Tok that talk about getting Botox at 20 end up looking double their age. But for some reason they can't see that themselves. They think it's making them look younger. And then what's ironic is that when you're older and you get all this stuff done, it just ends up looking a little bit weird. Even Uncanny Valley Simon Cowl admitted that he took things way too far. He said that he looked like something out of a horror film and that his own son was scared of him. That's when you know you've crossed a line. When people who share your DNA don't even recognize you. Moving on to category two, which I like to call vacuum sealed. If the last category was about adding volume, vacuum-sealed is about doing the opposite. Imagine a face that looks like it's been laminated onto a skull. That's exactly what it is. Just look at what Miley Cyrus looks like now. And I'm going to warn you before I show you the photos, it is utterly terrifying. Does this look like someone in their early 30s to you? When you look at her pictures from just a few years ago, it's hard to actually comprehend how this is the same person. People have speculated that Miley underwent buckle fat removal, which if you haven't heard of it, it's the latest cosmetic obsession where you get the fat pads in your cheeks completely removed. Yes, you heard that right. People are literally getting the fat sucked out of their faces to achieve that hollow cheicked modelesque look. So when I say vacuumsealed, I literally mean vacuum-sealed. But it's like since when was having a baby face seen as unattractive? What's wrong with it? Huh? I swear 20 years ago it was such an ideal look and now everyone wants to get rid of it. Just look at Erin Moriotti who is the saddest case of this trend. Erin is an actress who stars in one of my favorite shows of all time, The Boys. I remember watching this show from the first season and thinking that she is genuinely one of the most beautiful women I have ever seen. She had this youthful angelic look to her that the world just completely fell in love with. So imagine my surprise when a few seasons later she comes back looking like a completely different person. Suddenly her iconic baby face was gone, swapped out for this trendy Instagram hollowedout look. It was genuinely like witnessing an angel lose her wings. To this day, Aaron claims that she only got a little bit of filler done, but it's so clear to everyone that she's had the exact same procedure as all the rest. And the big question is why? Why are these celebrities purposely choosing to carve in their faces? And the answer to this is honestly depressing because no one actually knows. If you were to ask me, I would say that it's the result of social media and what's now perceived as the ideal look. With the Ompic era in full swing, people idolize this sickly skinny model type of look. It's now seen as super chic and high fashion. But at the end of the day, it's just what's trending right now. It's the same thing as when the BBL look was popular. It's not that anything physically changed how our minds perceived beauty. It was just the inevitable pendulum swing that happens with every single trend. The pendulum swing goes as follows. Everyone discovers something that they really like. Everyone jumps on the trend. And then people get sick of it. I am so confident in this that I predict in a few years time we will all get sick of this new look and go back to how things were. But not back to the [music] BBL type of thing, but back to just natural faces. Because with this extreness that these celebrities have taken things, you can already see the backlash from people online. As soon as it crossed over into this otherworldly type of look, this unattainable look, it's no longer something that the majority of people could ever achieve. But get this, okay? So, all this logic about the pendulum swing goes completely out the window when we look at this next category because now we've officially crossed into the territory of faces that don't even look like the same person anymore. About 20 years ago, when someone said that a celebrity had work done, you could literally spot it from space. Plastic surgery back then had this unmistakable look. In other words, botched. Think of the Donatella Versace, the Mickey Rogs. For some reason, the outcome would always leave the celeb with this horror movie type face. But in recent years, things have started to change. As much as everyone talks about how far phones and AI has evolved, no one really talks about how far plastic surgery has evolved, too. And honestly, it might be the biggest glow up of all. Just take a look at Christina Aguilera. She literally looks like she stepped out of 2006. And I mean, it is just unbelievable. Her face looks 20 years younger. And again, it has that distinct Instagram model look. That is no longer Christina Aguilera to me. No, that is the newest member of Selling Sunset. Chris Jenner, who I mentioned is 70 going on wax figure. Chris has openly said that she has had multiple facelifts and you can tell her skin looks tight, like super unsettlingly tight. And I won't lie, the surgery looks amazing. There is no doubt about it. But I think there will always be something terrifying about a 70-year-old's face moving less than a 30-year-old's. Also, it must just be so uncomfortable to have your face that tight. I just Oh, the sensory issues that I would feel with it. Then you have Deme Moore, who recently starred in the movie The Substance, ironically looking like she's actually taking the substance because in what world is this a 62year-old? After doing some research, I found out that this procedure is called a dermiplane facelift, which is just a normal facelift, but on steroids. What they do is instead of just lifting the skin and pulling it back like a normal facelift, they go under the skin, pulling up all the muscles and fat, and pull everything all together to make it look really super tight. It's literally like you're surgically putting on a mask of your own face. But the part of this that actually blows my mind is the amount of these celebrities who are getting these procedures done are actresses. Nicole Kidman, Gwennneth Poutro, Lindsay Lohan, Renee Zelwigger. It feels like half of Hollywood's leading women have suddenly come back looking like upgraded versions of themselves. I feel like we're living in a Black Mirror episode. And it honestly wouldn't be that scary if it was just for red carpets or magazine shoots. But these are the faces showing up on our screens in shows and films where we're supposed to connect with the character, but their face barely moves. I swear watching Renee Zelwigger in Only Murders in the Building made me want to blink for her. What is with that show and actors debuting new faces? Every time she talked, her mouth would stay in the same tight position. Her face wouldn't move. There was just no signs of life whatsoever. It breaks the whole illusion of the character. How am I supposed to believe someone is horrified, confused, emotional when their face looks exactly the same in every single shot? Nicole Kidman's face has reached a point where it is genuinely distracting. She used to be such a talented and expressive actor, but now her face barely moves, and I use the word barely as a compliment. Close-ups feel so uncomfortable because you can see her trying to emote, but her face just isn't cooperating. It's physically impossible to tell what emotion she's trying to portray. Facial expressions is acting. It's how we read emotion. It's how we connect with characters. It's how we feel something in a scene. But these super tight faces, they don't emote. They can't emote because the muscles don't move naturally. And when the actor's face stops behaving like a normal human face, the performance stops feeling human, too. Just look at Lindsay Lohan trying to do a crying scene. She looks severely constipated. or even Kim Kardashian in that new terrible Disney Plus show. >> I failed. I hate failing. What are you talking about? You're famous. I'm sorry. I'm confused with what's [music] going on here. >> It's bad enough that we've been stuck seeing the same handful of people in every single movie and now those people can't even act because their faces are glued tight. And look, on the one hand, I can completely understand the pressure on these women to look a certain way. Hollywood has always been brutal about appearance. And it gets even worse for women as they age. We've all heard the stories. An actress hits 40 and suddenly she's only getting offered mom roles. Meanwhile, her male co-stars of the same age are at the peak of their careers. So many celebrities begin tweaking their appearance. Not out of vanity, but out of fear. Fear of becoming irrelevant or unemployable if they look old or even if they just don't look perfect enough. That's why we see this happening younger and younger, too. The most devastating case of all, Emma Stone. It was only recently that she debuted this new look of hers. And immediately people could tell that she's had something done. The slightly higher eyebrows, the more openlooking eyes, the sharper jawline. It just looks like she's had everything pulled back. And the wild part is she's only in her mid30s. That used to be considered so young for anything surgical related. Hollywood has basically turned 35 into the new time to book your first facelift. What makes the Emma Stone situation so much sadder is that she used to be one of the most expressive actresses in Hollywood. She had this really special almost animated style quality with those huge beautiful eyes. She just looked like your normal girl nextdoor type of natural beauty and it made her acting feel so realistic. And now some of that magic is fading. Her face still looks beautiful of course, but it's just more like everyone else. And I hate that that's the new standard. For some reason nowadays, apparently there's only one type of beauty and everyone is rushing to get that exact same look. And this plastic surgery obsession has gotten so extreme that even the men have started to join in. Brad Pitt, Ryan Gosling, and even Jim Carrey have all had work done recently. Jim Carrey, the man who is notoriously Andy Hollywood, has fallen victim to beauty trends. Surprisingly or not surprisingly, directors have been complaining about Botox for years, telling actresses to stay far away. Back in 2003, Martin Scorsesei complained about how so many actresses have had Botox now that it's hard to find one who can actually express emotion non-verbbally or who can actually look angry. So, not only is it so damaging for the future of cinema, but I think more than that, it is so damaging to the future generations of young girls. Because this problem doesn't just stay in Hollywood. What celebrities do eventually becomes what everyone does. When you see 20 and 30-year-old actresses drastically changing their faces, the message moves fast. If they need it, then maybe you do, too. To show how extreme it's gotten, just look at the statistic. Statist statist statistic. Oh my god, I can't say it. Statistic. Statistic. Just look at it. According to a recent study, there was a 45% increase in cosmetic forehead lifts among people under 30 in just one year. Under 30. Why on earth are people under 30 needing a forehead lift? My brain can't even compute it. And you know what's funny? In my last Botox video, I can't even tell you how many comments I got accusing me of being a hypocrite saying I also had Botox. So, I want to set the record straight before I get comments about it again. I do not have Botox. I have never had any work done on my face. My forehead, for some reason, just rarely moves when I speak. But it's not just people my age obsessed with this. You have high school students with perfect skin talking about anti-aging skincare routines and even preventative Botox. I just turned 24 and I hear girls my age go on and on about the tiniest wrinkle acting like it's the end of the world. But it doesn't stop at high school students. On Tik Tok, I've seen literal pre-teen in Sephora buying skincare with their pocket money. Back when I was 12, I remember buying a bag of sweets from the shop with my pocket money. What is happening to this world? And you have this awful consumer industry that we live in capitalizing on the shift. I recently saw the launch of a new skincare brand specifically targeted towards children. And I mean literal children. Children don't need skincare. All this is doing is just making these young audiences grow up thinking that this is normal. They think that faces are supposed to look like this. Smooth, sculpted, pawless, lifted, edited. It's the same thing that happened with photoshopped bodies in the 2000s, except now it's happening in real life. So, do not sit there and tell me that these facelifts and procedures have no effect on society because they are quite literally rewriting what beauty should look like and it's something that isn't achievable. And there have been so many celebrities that have come out saying that they regret their surgeries. Courtney Cox famously had her fillers dissolved after realizing that she doesn't recognize her own face anymore. But that's the stuff that doesn't get pushed on the normal person's timeline. All we're seeing is, "Wow, Anne Hathaway looks fantastic with her new vacuum-sealed face." The praise for this facelift is just unreal and I can't believe more people aren't concerned about it and I think that's why I find it so dangerous. No one is talking about this in a negative way and I honestly wouldn't be surprised if these types of facelifts double in the next year. Celebrities aren't just enhancing themselves anymore. They're erasing themselves. I can't tell you how heartbreaking it is to watch these talented people lose the very expressions that made [music] them so compelling in the first place. And honestly, somewhere in this chaos, I think that we've forgotten something really simple. Aging is a privilege. Getting older means you've lived. You've experienced things. You laughed, you cried, stressed, healed, survived. Every little crease or line is proof that you're still here. Not everyone is lucky enough to get that. The fact that we as a society treat aging as a flaw instead of a blessing is just honestly insane when you think about it. Looking older isn't a failure. It is literal evidence that you are alive and what a privilege that is. So, please make sure you remember that next time you get caught up in this way of thinking. But that is the end of today's video. Thank you guys so much for watching. Let me know down below your opinion on this whole facelift craze. If there are any celebrities that surprised you that look just completely unrecognizable. And if you made it this far, please comment the word human because I think it is the most important message of today and I can go and like your comments. Please don't forget to like and subscribe. I'm literally 1,000 subscribers away from 100,000 subscribers. My mind can't comprehend it. Thank you so much and I will see you in the next video. Bye.

- GLP-1s, Muscle Loss, & Midlife Metabolism: What Women Really Need to Know: Kind: captions Language: en-US Hey everybody, welcome back to the You Are Not Broken podcast. GLP-1's, what are they? Are they for everybody? Will the price ever go down? And is there a best practice to take them? Thank you so much for my friend joining me today, Dr. Rocio Salas-Whalen. Thank you for coming. Hi, hi everybody. Thank you for having me And you are an endocrinologist in Manhattan in New York. Yes, I'm an endocrinologist and obesity board certified in the city. And I feel like, you know, when GLP one started to get big, what last year you're like, yeah, we've been doing these forever. And like, they came out of nowhere, but they've actually been around for a while. Can you give us a history of them? Yeah, so the first FDA approved GLP-1 vaccine in 2005, and it was named Bayera, and this was for type 2 diabetes. Now back then, also an injection, they're all subcutaneous injections. We have an oral one, but the body absorbs it better if it's subcutaneous. And it was first indicated for the treatment of type 2 diabetes. And then in 2010, that was a twice a day injection, every day. Then in 2010 came Victosa, Saxenda in 2012, and this was one a day injection. Also for diabetes, then 2012 for weight loss independent of diabetes. Then 2017, the poster child of them, Osempe, came out. And then 2022, Wegovi. 2023 was Monjaro, and then last year, Sepang. And what made it big? Did Oprah make it big? Did the Kardashians make it big? Like, was it media that made it big? Why did it explode all of a sudden? I saw it with my own eyes, COVID. COVID made it big. And I'm going to tell you why. Because for the first time, people with obesity, and we as a medical society got it, that obesity puts you in a risk mode, right? Before we used to tell patients, if you don't lose weight in 20 years, you're gonna develop diabetes, you're gonna have complications, osteoarthritis, sleep apnea. But came COVID, a virus out of nowhere, and people with obesity were having the highest mortality, the more critical care oh visits. So patients with obesity got like a quick memo that the way that your body is right now is not in a healthy state. uh being obese isn't a problem down the road, it's a problem now. And that's a total culture change. Like we had the whole like healthy at every size, don't body shame, like people were being like, don't weigh me in the doctor's office, don't use it as a biometric. Like the pendulum really swung and then it was like overnight, obesity is a health problem. Exactly, because obesity, the fat tissue puts the body in a chronic pro-inflammatory state. So if your autoimmune system is busy with the chronic inflammation of obesity, came a virus, you didn't have the protection, right, to protect you against this virus. So people with obesity got the message pretty quickly that you needed to change something. And I remember in my office having patients that would come to me and say, I need to lose weight. I don't want to die from COVID. So people were actually scared. the demand or the change in perspective of obesity was there. And then we had the drug that will help the patient lose weight. So I call it the perfect storm. was the perfect combination. The demand was there and the goods were there. So that's what made this huge acknowledgement of GLP-1s and the benefits of them. Very interesting. So GLP ones are peptides. Peptides are, they're small, correct me if I'm wrong, but they're peptides, which means it's like a small protein molecule. Okay. our own GLP, we make GLP-1 in our gut, right? And it's considered a hormone. So GLP-1 is truly, it's a hormone. And for this, exactly, it takes messages, right, to the organ that is going to have any activity. It sends a message of what it should do. And we have receptors as we do for hormones all over our body, in our gut, in our brain, in our heart, in our kidney. Our own GLP-1, once it's released into the bloodstream, it's broken down within two to four minutes by an enzyme. So that's our own one, right? So our own one was isolated for the first time in the 1980s by a physician in Harvard. Because our own one lasts only two to four minutes, they couldn't use it as anything for medication. But in 1992, a researcher in the VA hospital here in the Bronx, Dr. John Eng, isolated the first GLP-1 outside the human body. And this was in the lizard, in the Gila monster. And that GLP-1 was not broken down by an enzyme. So it was long. acting and that's the boom. That's what happened. Then it became patent. And actually the story is really interesting. He, Dr. John Eng, who was an endocrinologist, brought it to Monsignor at the VA hospital in the Bronx to help him patent the drug. They said, no, we're not interested. ah He mortgaged his house to patent the drug on his own. and then took it to an endocrine society meeting, presented an abstract, and there, Amlin, the pharmaceutical, was there and purchased the patent. Which is, I think it's really interesting that they didn't believe in him. Did they not think like obesity was, they didn't see the, they didn't see the like medical reason for having this drug. at that moment, the only benefit that was seen was for glucose control. So they said, another diabetes drug? No, look at, look what they missed out. No, I mean, this is the drug that has changed, will change everything, how we practice medicine and how we live. Yeah. I mean, there's so many, there's so many big topics, I think with GLP-1. One of them that is exciting as far as midlife and hormones and should we take things for prevention is the data that, you know, we've been screaming from the rooftops of hormones help keep the body healthy. Hormones help keep the body healthy. And now we're like, GLP-1 is also a hormone and it's looking like it has data long-term for dementia. Alzheimer's, maybe prevention of diabetes. uh It's an exciting time because medicine is really being forced to consider come back. I mean, how many women are told come back when you're more sick? Yeah, for sure. And this is as a medical society, that's what, unfortunately, that's what we learned because that's what we knew, right? To treat all the complications either from menopause or in this case for obesity, right? We had all the tools to treat type two diabetes, hypertension, high cholesterol, osteoarthritis, sleep apnea. We had everything else because we didn't have anything to treat obesity because we didn't think of obesity as a disease to begin with, right? We thought it was a willpower issue and the patient has to. results on their own. But we find out decades later that actually obesity is a disease that is not the patient's responsibility or solely the patient responsibility of losing or gaining weight. And then now we can treat that we have medications to treat the actual disease and then we're going to prevent all the complications. So I really foresee that in the next two generations, we're going to have less type two diabetes. Probably in the future, we won't have type two diabetes, hypertension, high cholesterol. We build specialties in the complications of obesity. So really the way that we practice medicine is going to change. And finally, we can do some preventative medicine and not just speak the acute problem. It's so exciting. you know, I haven't, I'm in Facebook groups with like a lot of surgeons. Are the weight loss bypass surgeons, are the jobs hard to find now? Because people, would think people are getting less surgery for weight loss now that these medications have come out. Look, I've had patients, the most that a patient has lost with me is 160 pounds, right? And this is with medication, no surgery. And I have many patients that lost over 100 pounds or in high numbers of 80, 90 pounds that before we only used to see in surgery. And the beauty of it is that with pediatric surgery, you lose it within three to six months, right? You lose significant amount of muscle and there's no way to control that, right? Because you go in a very small... a polar can take from restriction. But with GLP-1, we can fine tune it that you don't lose muscle mass and the only thing you lose is body fat. With GLP-1, what we can do is body recomposition, which is the whole goal whenever we say weight loss, right? We really, wanna do body recomposition, increasing your muscle mass and decreasing your visceral fat because we know that low muscle mass increases all cause mortality. So if we don't talk about muscle, we're missing the big picture. We don't say that about obesity or having high body fat. We don't say it increases your risk for all mortality, but we do have the research and the data that low muscle mass does increase all risk for mortality. whenever we're talking about a composition, muscle is as, if not more important than talking so specifically about and fixating on fat tissue. Yeah, I love that. think that's what a lot of the, I would say cautious, not skeptics, but cautious people about GLP-1s is the saying that you will lose muscle mass. And Lord knows, I just got a half a pound of muscle in the last half a month. And I'm like, that was the hardest gained half a pound, right? And so when you think about like, oh my God, something's gonna make me lose your muscle. You kind of want to stay away. So what are... people like you, what are the doctors doing to say, let's use GLP-1s and let's maintain the muscle mass. What do people have to be thinking about? So first of all, every patient should have a body composition, right? Any patient that is thinking of doing a GLP-1, they need a body composition to really see what's what in your weight. What is it that you really need to lose? What's your muscle mass? And once you go on a body and a GLP-1 to not lose muscle, we need to increase your protein intake. So in reality, it's about one gram of protein per pound for ideal body weight. And through a body composition, we can kind of calculate what's your ideal body weight. and then also strength training, right? But I think I like to take baby steps with my patients. And the first thing that I want them to get a handle off is getting enough protein in their diet, because really to preserve muscle, bare minimum is protein. To gain muscle, then we can add the strength training or the resistance training. But for many patients, It's already a change being on a GLP-1. You want to let them adapt and at the very minimum, the first homework that I give them is to really measure and follow their grams of protein. Good. Yeah, I've come into this recently where I think it's a mindset. Let me know. But people or women are like, that's just what I eat. That's just what I'm used to eating. It's kind of this like, it's partly cloudy today instead of like, you actually have to think about food in a different way and not be like, well, you know, I just, only eat blah, blah, blah a day. Like you have to think about it differently. How do you help people realize like food's not accidental? Well, it becomes almost with constant uh reinforcement, right? And also when my patient comes for their first follow-up after being on GLP-1, it's really an eye-opening visit because we do the body composition again, and there we can see if they truly are consuming enough protein as they think they are, if there was no muscle loss, then we're good. If they lost muscle mass, I know, they know that they're not consuming enough protein. So it really clicks at that moment that they were all, and many times they're overestimate. They were overestimate the amount of protein. So if they tell me, but I'm consuming so much protein and they still lose muscle, I said, okay, walk me through a day of your meals, of your protein. And you can always see that they were overestimating another 30 or 40 grams of protein a day. In reality, they were consuming half of what they should have. consume. And then that settles really well when they see it, they freak out a little bit like, my God, I did lose muscle. can happen. And then just a shift happens. And then every visit becomes, how did I do with my muscle? Did I save my muscle? It shifts the focus from weight loss to how am I doing with muscle, which is great. Yeah, that's so fun. Really, I mean, we have to get away from the number on the scale, like you said, is absolutely meaningless. And muscle actually weighs a lot. Right? mean, yesterday in a podcast that I also did, they told me, what's the one test that you would tell women to have? They can only do one. And I said, a body composition, because so much can stem from that result and from what it comes out. And we can improve so many things just by looking at a body composition that are going to spill into other aspects of your health. Yeah, well, I think the flip side, just to go off on the flip side of the GLP-1, people who want to lose the body fat is the really thin woman. Thinness is associated with wealth, with status, with beauty, with all of these things. And you're looking at like a sarcopenic person who's going to trip on the curb and break a hip. They've got osteoporosis, right? And so it's kind of this opposite but similar metabolic problem. of like you don't have muscle, you don't have strong bones, we actually need you to put on the pounds to be healthier. yeah, definitely. And many times they still have high body fat, but they look thin or small because of no muscle mass, right? So they have, they're metabolically unhealthy because they have high body fat and metabolically unhealthy because they have low muscle mass. So that's even worse than a patient with obesity and high muscle mass. Right. Yeah, yeah. Cause they're strong underneath all that. I flew to Dallas like two weeks ago and on the plane, know, the people who need the extra help and they have the people in the wheelchair, right? And it was three frail women in a row. It was just like, boom, boom, boom. And I was like, oh my God, we're staring at our future if we just think that we should just take the natural approach of like, living however many days the good Lord has given us is like it's assistance down the jetway. very frail. Is there published data saying GLP-1s plus one gram of protein per pound body weight will maintain muscle? Do we have that published data? not yet. And I have thousands of body compositions from thousands of patients, right? And that's what I'm writing my book. ah giving everything that has worked for my patients. But you you need the students, the residents. If anybody there listening, you want to publish data, come reach out to me. I love it. um Talk about doing GLP-1s without sex hormones versus people who take... So there's a couple of published papers saying being on hormone, what I mean by hormones is estrogen, testosterone. Being on sex hormones plus GLP-1s is sometimes more weight loss, but better lean body preservation because their hormones are replete. What's your experience with that? Yeah, definitely. And my patients that are specifically with testosterone, my midlife patients or postmenopausal patients on testosterone, can build muscle, right? They definitely build more muscle. I can see the difference in their body composition once they start on testosterone. Sometimes they gain one or two pounds of muscle without strength training, right? And the protein and the nutrition needs to be there too, right? But also with estrogen and progesterone, I mean, it's just... If you think about it, the patient will be sleeping better. When you weight train, when you sleep is when you build muscle, not when you're in the gym lifting the weights. But if you have a woman that is not sleeping through the night because of menopause, perimenopause, they're not resting, they're not recovering, and that will translate into not gaining muscle mass. So definitely being on hormones just makes the environment for you to succeed more likely. Yeah, I mean, it's crazy the adoption of GLP. At this point, one in five Americans have been on a GLP-1, something crazy high. And you're like, the adoption of that, I know they've been around since 05, but like since COVID, right? The adoption of that compared to the adoption of estrogen and testosterone, which is 5 % of Americans have been on that. And 100 % of women have low sex hormones at some point in their life. But we jumped on GLP-1s. They're just like so much sexier. Well, because at the beginning, everybody jumped in hormones too, right? In the 70s and the 60s, everybody, I mean, everybody was on hormones, old woman, but it was the, I mean, that you can see the transgenerational damage from the WHI, right? Because anybody who's not on hormones or is thinking, but not doing it is because cancer, because cardiovascular. So it's because of... that headlines back then that it became very ingrained in our mothers, in the doctors that we've trained with. So it's gonna take another generation probably for that to increase because it's shocking that still 5 % of women are only in hormones. It's shocking. men are undertreated as well. I I think that men should have a screening testosterone. Maybe at age 50, I don't know. I haven't settled on a number yet. But the data we have for men in testosterone, it's associated with depression, low bone mass, dementia, diabetes. Like we have all that data. Why is it not a screening test? I think we're undertreating that gender as well. Yeah, and we don't do bone densities in men, right? That's like the, that's the reverse of, of in, in, in research and healthcare. All the research is in osteoporosis, the majority in women and not in men. So we say, yeah, there's osteoporosis more frequently in women, but because we don't study the men, right? So that's like the flip point of what we experience as women. Yeah, totally. um Let's talk about endocrinology, endocrinologists and their inability to treat sex hormones. You know, in endocrinology, I would say like GYN and OB is so best, right, for an endocrinologist to like really focus on every hormone that we make in our body. even in endocrinology, which is a specialty, people tend to, of hormones, it's a specialty of hormones, many people tend to lean into specific hormones. So there are endocrinologists that all they do is thyroid. There's endocrinologists that all they do is type two diabetes and endocrinologists that they fixate in type one diabetes and once in narrow endocrine prolectinomas, all the brain But sex hormones is like a gray area because we share it with GYN. We share this with urologists. So it's not as... We don't tend to fixate as much as that because we assume that there's other specialties also being checking them out for the patient, right? But the other hormones, it's really, everybody gives it to us. So I think that's the reason. And also, I mean, very kind, of course. I'm very kind with my people. I'm being very kind. oh who do the sex hormones are like, these are hormones. We should know this. So my question is like, in your endocrinology fellowship, did you get trained in the sex hormones? Did they even train you in got training in menopause and I would say I was very early adopter. mean, as soon as I got out of my fellowship, I was prescribing hormones. was like, this is, mean, because the data was already being questioned back then, right? And seeing women suffer and also my training in Mexico, we use hormones in women for perimenopause and menopause. So I really carried that with me. I mean, and in medicine, like everything, there's going to be doctors that can look outside the box and doctors that won't. Doctors that are a little bit more, I don't want to say risk takers, but that we are willing to see outside the box and see, okay, it's not necessarily as dangerous as they can see and it can benefit people. So I think also being an academic medicine, if, well, doing academic training that also limits you of thinking outside the box, right? I think. from, from what I hear on social media, women feel so dismissed because they're like, I went to a hormone doctor and the hormone doctor doesn't do these hormones. And so they're kind of like, it's a, maybe it's a marketing problem. Like don't call yourself a hormone doctor, but you're, you're right. Like not all urologists take out prostates. not all GYN prescribe hormones, right? I always tell a woman that tell me, how can I get somebody, how do I know? I said, okay, don't assume to begin with, right? Don't assume that it's an endocrinologist, they're gonna give you hormone replacement therapy. Don't assume that you go to a GYN and they're gonna give you a hormone replacement The best thing you can do is ask. When you call to make an appointment, does the doctor prescribe hormone replacement therapy? And that will be like the first indication of if you should go there or not. That's what I tell women, same thing. I'm like, don't waste your time. You don't want to find out once you're in the room. Like you've already paid, you've already paid for parking. Don't do that. time apart and all of that, right? Just don't assume, don't make any assumptions. Call and ask. So I'm hearing more about microdosing GLP-1s. uh Is there more published data on this? Is this just more that we should get more personalization in dose titrations because not everybody should take the same dose? And where do you think the data is going as just as far as metabolic health and really low doses of GLP-1s? So this is my answer to somebody who tells me, I don't need to lose weight, but I want to the benefits from GLP-1. That's what I microdose. First of all, I want to have a body composition of that person and see if in reality you are metabolically fit and don't need to lose weight. I want to see that you have more muscle mass, that your percentage body fat is anywhere between 18 to 28, and that your visceral fat is low. I would say nine out of 10 of people that say that they actually have high percentage body fat, high visceral fat and low muscle mass. But let's assume somebody is metabolically healthy, more muscle mass, less percentage, less body fat. That tells me immediately that that person is doing everything the right way. They're strength training. They're doing resistance training. They're eating a lean protein diet, meaning low in sugar, low in carbs and starches. my, then my comeback is you don't need the extra protection. You're already there while we're aiming to get with a GLP-1. But it's very different if you say, don't need to lose weight, I just want the benefits, but then your percentage body fat is 35%. Then you will benefit from a GLP-1 at the first regular dose. Where I see the use of microdosing is going to be at the end of the road of a patient with a GLP-1. If somebody lost all the weight that they needed, all the fat that they needed to lose at the lowest dose, for maintenance, we can do half. We can do one third of the dose of what you'd use to lose weight. So I see more the use of microdosing as maintenance, but not to get to the goal. Got it. So the lower doses won't get you to the goal. Say you've got somebody who's like 32 % body fat. They're like, I'm at the gym. I struggle a little bit with protein, but like I do my best. Little bit just to kind of get their body fat optimized. Yeah, but you can do 0.25 of semaglutite, which is wigovian ocempic, that is not as strong as the first dose as terceptide. So we can play around with what we currently have in the first doses. Also, microdosing came out of compounding GLP-1, because uh the branded GLP-1 in pre-dose form. Right, so that's another issue with microdosing is that you need the compounding version. But now Eli Lilly has a vial ah that we can manipulate in regards of the dosing. But again, for really weight loss, we need the therapeutic doses. For maintenance, we can do lower than the therapeutic doses. That's where the use comes. Got it, got it. Where do you think we're going as far as cost on this? I recently saw something that seven out of eight people who qualify for this drug can't afford this drug. Do you think with time and more people on the market, it's gonna come down? Do you think insurance companies are gonna be like, hey, this is actually cost effective because we're preventing disease long-term? What do we say to the people who are like, a thousand bucks a month is out of reach? Yeah, so I mean, there's some monopoly right now between Novo Nordisk and Eli-Li. Pretty much they are pulling all the strings right now and they can do what they do because they can get away with it because they're the only ones. I think once other pharmaceuticals come with their own versions of GLP-1, then we will start seeing more decrease in the price. I think also what I'm starting to see and Eli-Li did this, Instead of a pen, they came up with a bio. So that decreased the cost from 1100 on a pen to 300 in a bio for a month's worth. So I think that also will decrease the pricing. The other thing is that both pharmaceuticals have manufacturing coupons that brings the cost down to half if your insurance is not covering for it. So you will pay $500 for a month's worth. The other part of the equation is educating people, right? We need to educate people that this is an investment in their health. of everything they spend thousands of dollars through the years in crazy diets, crazy books, crazy detox, crazy exercise program, this is money well invested, but for the first time, it's going to give you long lasting results. Let's talk again real quick about how it actually works. Our GLP-1 that only lasts two minutes is produced in the gut. It sends a signal to the brain to say we're full. Is that how GLP-1s work? we have receptors, Like receptors in the pancreas for it. And when your sugar goes above normal for somebody who has type two diabetes, this hormone sends a message to the pancreas to produce more insulin, right? So that was the first discovery or the first effect that was found of GLP-1. But we also have receptors in our gut. And with this hormone, the GLP-1 does, it increases our satiety hormones once we start eating. So you get fuller with smaller portions, and then it suppresses your hunger hormones in between meals. So for most patients, it looks like two small meals, physically content and satisfied through the day. Then in the amygdala, in the hedonistic eating and drinking area of the brain, we have receptors too, where we eat for a reward. The hedonistic area is you anticipate a reward either from food or for some beverages for some people. It blocks the reward response. So there's no feedback of that reward anymore when you reach for that food in particular or that drink in particular. So it's out of your mind. um The behavior changes. But then when you're hungry, you enjoy your food, but then you get satisfied with half a portion of what you normally would. And that portion better be protein. Yeah, I mean, there's promising data on GLP-1s and addiction. Like people are wanting to gamble less, they're wanting to drink alcohol less. I think I haven't seen much in the sex med world, but there is some rumor that number one, sex life goes up because body image is better. Also, especially in men, as they lose the body fat, their testosterone goes up naturally. So there's a higher sex drive that could happen. but then also losing the reward of the orgasm and the sex. so desire might actually be affected by these drugs because you're like, yeah, could take it or leave it. I'm kind of happy over here with my protein. I have to say I have not seen that. I have not seen that. I have not seen that actually the opposite. There's increase in sex drive. I mean, if somebody's in perimenopause or menopause, then the answer could be different, right? It could be estradiol, it could be testosterone. ah But I don't see, I mean, the reward of the weight loss is so high that I don't think either patients don't complain about sex drive because they have not expressed that. that actually they express the opposite, that their sex drive improves. Yeah, very cool. So what's, if you can think, what's the most surprising result you've seen in your own patients using GLP ones, like beyond the scale, because you had 160 pound weight loss happen. Like that's incredible. But any other like surprising results? You know that the majority of the patients want to get fit. if they could, right? That the majority of patients take, really take too hard, training, being strong, they do marathons, they climb mountains, they climb volcanoes, they just see their weight for many people, it was something unreachable, something that they only dream of, something that was not a possibility, right? Maybe halfway in between. but not to the point of having a normal, healthy weight. So for when a patient achieves that, it's like, what else can I achieve? It's, mind is not consumed with my weight. Then you have room. There's room for creativity, room. I mean, I've had patients get promoted. Other flip is divorces. I have several patients. that. that they become, that they got divorced during the treatment. I was staying in this relationship because of my weight, I didn't think I was otherwise lovable, I didn't think so I was kind of could reach for more. I mean, I guess I think that's mostly the explanation, right? I don't think it's the cost of the divorce. I think it was just something that it uncovered. um And interesting enough, the patients that get divorced, then they keep coming to me and then they bring me their significant hours, others as patients. And then sometimes I have like, okay, let's make sure we not have every the four of them at the same time. Well, that's good. That's good proof that uh you you provide good care as you're bringing in the the exit the exes and the new people. What do you think one of the biggest misconceptions with GLP ones is as far as safety? know, people will throw up, you know, thyroid cancer, pancreatic cancer, bowel obstruction was the big thing when it was starting to get big and for like the surgeons were worried about that. Anesthesiologists were like, have to be off GLP-1s for like a whole week before you can have general anesthesia because of the gut slowing down. What are the biggest like misconceptions and can you kind of share day-to-day risks with these medications? So I think one of the biggest misconceptions is that they're new medicines and we're not going to know what's going to happen in five years and 10 years. You're going to grow an ear from your cheek. I mean, it's things like that, right? We have the data for 30 years now. The other misconception is that anybody can prescribe it. That it's just a skinny shot. So anybody can prescribe it, right? A med-spy, a nostalmologist, a neurologist. mean, anybody can prescribe it just because they can. I can prescribe female drugs and I don't do it because I can't, I don't have a clue I'm going to create more damage than benefit. So I think there's a misconception that these drugs are easy and anybody can prescribe them because everybody wants a piece of the pie right now, economically. ah at how many people there are to help, if you look at just, you know, what, 80 % of the nation's overweight. And there's only 9,000 obesity physicians. we need all the help we can. I cannot see everybody nor I want to say everybody, right? But do it responsibly. If you're going to be prescribing this medication, do it responsibly. Take some courses, get a body composition machine for your office. There's ways to do it the right way, right? I think that's one of the misconceptions. I mean, a lot of the other headlines that we see in the news definitely. never seen in my clinical practice, uh bolus, bolus obstruction. So this tends to be from taking overdosing from constipation. I mean, the way of the medication is slows down digestion. So it also causes dehydration. So if those are not proactively prevented individually, then you're going to have this, But again, this depends. The safety depends on the expertise on who's prescribing you this medication. Love that. For a doctor who's listening who's like, patients are asking me, I want to do it best of practice. Is there a great place to go get a course that you can do online? What would you recommend? So I would recommend the Obesity Medical Association. They have great uh courses, virtual courses, live courses, uh books, everything. Also the Obesity Society, right? Go to one of the conferences, either the Obesity Society, which is once a year, or the Obesity Medical Association, which is two or three times a year, depending, and it has the Bicostal. uh So there are resources. for them to get informed without having to go two years into fellowship with obesity. Right, yeah, I love that. um Do you think they're gonna be formulating these to be able to be swallowed or subcutaneous buckle to get absorbed that way, vaginal route, right? Like for your needle phobes or to get the cost down, where do you think the future of drug development, from what I'm reading, they're very interested in oral, uh but it takes a much higher dose of the drug to get it in because it's processed orally, so that's why. It exists the way it exists. And you'll be very surprised. The oral version is extremely expensive, almost as the injectable. So we do have an oral version of Osmpec. It's called Revelsis, and it's for the use of type 2 diabetes. And this was approved in 2019. So we have six years of an oral version of it. The reason that you don't hear it as much is because we never saw anything similar in regards to weight loss as the injectable. We saw good glucose control comparable to the injectable, still as expensive as the injectable. And to reach the higher doses for us to see significant head-to-head weight loss of the injectable, patients don't tolerate it. They're struggling to tolerate the current doses. So it's interesting to see what's going to be the tolerance on the higher doses, just to give you a perspective. The current oral doses is three milligrams, seven milligrams and 14 milligrams. What just got uh accepted the application by the FDA last week is a 25 milligram dose. I need two years ago, the 50 milligram dose was studied, but patients were not tolerating it, right? So it's going to take time to get somebody to that point to tolerate the 25 and the 50 milligram dose if we ever can. And cost, It's not that it's going to be cheaper, unfortunately. Yeah, interesting. So metabolic markers you think every woman should check? Yearly A1C, lipid panel, lipoprotein A, ApoB. I think those thyroid, definitely once a year, that should be done regularly. If you see a woman who's got high cholesterol, say she's starting on estrogen and the hormones, what are you recommending like diet-wise for these? Because I think the old school of like low fat is falling out, but it's like, don't want to put, my understanding is we don't have primary prevention data for statins. A lot of women don't want to be on statins. What advice would you just give a woman who's like all of sudden their cholesterol's up? besides get on hormones, because I can lower it by 20%. Definitely wait and see once we start hormones, right? That'll be like the chemical part that will let's look at hormones to what they can do and then we'll recheck before starting any statin. I mean, I rarely start anybody on a statin. And then also what changes can we do in your diet, right? I mean, definitely increasing lean animal protein is going to help and exercising. Definitely we do have data that exercises decreases LDL and then Omega-3, right? I mean, the good fatty acids, but then that can go into the lean animal protein, right? Some in whitefish. And then wait and see, and then repeat your lipid panel, not earlier than three months and then see what really happens. For the majority, it comes down. Nice. And I know triglycerides are associated more with carbohydrates, high sugar diet. So when you see triglycerides, you should be thinking, let's cut the carbs down, get rid of the processed food. Does the same hold true for cholesterol or is that more of triglycerides? Fragilist rights definitely is telling me about insulin resistance. It's telling me that you run the risk of pre-diabetes. Of course, if they were fasting. Fragilist rights is the only one that really, need patients to be fasting to really see it as a true value. And many times it's familial hypertrichoceridemia, right? So many times the patients still need medication. ah But fragilist rights is more diet. control that meaning changes in your diet can have the most effect in your triglyceride level than any other of your cholesterol markers. Love it. Tell us about your book, December 30th. So my book is pretty much my care that I give my patients. I know that I'm not accessible for everybody and I cannot see everybody even if I was. um So this is my, I'm doing this for the people that don't have access, not just only to me, but to good medical care with a GOP one to help them even from choosing the right doctor or the green flag. the red flags to look for when you go to a doctor, when you call to make the appointment. So the moment that you reach your goal. And I divided my book in three parts. Part three is something that is my favorite part of the book because it's something that we are just learning. So for the first time ever in history, we are having masses of a population lose weight and reach their goal, right? We're finding that once they reach the goal, there's a lot of adjustments to do, not only physical, psychological, socially, culturally, that we are not prepared to guide the patient with once they get there, because again, for the first time, they're able to get there. So for the majority of patients, it's happiness, it's something successful, it's something that is celebrated. But even in that celebration, there is anxiety. Many patients get so scared and anxious that they're going to regain the weight, that they're going to run out of the medication, that there's going to be a shortage of the medication, that their rug is going to be pulled out under their feet, right? Many patients tell me, I see my body, I see myself in the mirror, but I don't recognize myself. Like the psychological part takes root. They hasn't cut out with the physical part, right? The physical part. happens, we can palpate it, but the sickle, I mean, you're having patients that struggle with their weight for decades, right? Some patient told me, people are nicer to me now. And it makes me question, was it not worth before for people to be nice to me? Many times people assume that their close relatives or the loved ones are going to be happy for them. But sometimes that brings their own projections of somebody who's trying to lose weight and they're seeing this person now. lose weight and need healthier and exercise, right? So it's really interesting the cost of reaching the goal. gonna be so good and I think so necessary and I think so missing from the toolbox of like, this is what everybody wants, right? And to realize, there's a book called When Sex Hurts and at the end of that book, there's a chapter of what do you do when the pain's gone, right? Because your whole world was set up because of something and that something's gone now. And so I thought that was brilliant. And that sounds like what you're trying to do with your book is like, do you keep moving, you know, or what's the new goalpost or how do you reorient? And that it's okay to have those emotions, right? I mean, it's okay to not feel 100 % happy. It's okay to say, okay, now that I got here, now what, right? It's okay. And the purpose of that book is just to walk you through that. And I've seen and I've learned all of this through my patients, right? And through the close follow-up, because when you lose follow-up, and that's what happens with bariatric surgery many times, right? You have the surgery, you lost the weight, you're lost to follow-up, nobody's following you. But what I'm doing with my patients is when I... able to do is really build this relationship that I see my patients continually after they lose the weight for maintenance. And that's where I'm hearing all this feedback, right? And we're learning as we're going. So that's what I wanted to show in my book is like the experiences that I'm seeing after years of following patients. I love that. So everybody follow her on Instagram until her book comes out. What's your Instagram? Dr. Salas-Waylen, D-R-S-A-L-A-S-W-H-A-L-E-N. Thank you. to struggle. So 2026, that means I'll have read the book and then come on again and we'll talk about it and we'll talk more. We'll update to days of like, is the cost still crazy? Are people still having access? What's new after a half a year has gone by. yeah. Well, you my book coming this year, 2025, December 30 at 2025. End of December. So. So we'll get a turn of the year. We'll get you back on. Any final thoughts for people and GLP ones and seeking care that you want to leave them with? Don't say don't leave a GLP one as your last resource, right? Don't spend mental, if you're losing weight, maintaining your weight feels like a full-time job, you definitely will benefit from a GLP one. And bonus points if you can be with somebody that can be there with you to take it to the, it's not, you know, I see a lot of people in my practice because my practice is a year long membership because I believe in the same relationship, doctor patient relationship that you believe in. And I see a lot of them from like, you know, the Medi spas or the IV infusion place is like, they buy like a six week, eight week, 12 week ozempic thing and then it's done. And then they're kind of like, realize like this is a lifestyle, this might be longer and then there's other things to deal with afterwards and the body composition too. they don't even do body compositions of them. That's what they come. They have them come every week to wake themselves. But nobody knows if they're losing muscle, if they're losing fat, what are they losing, Yeah, body composition, I get that on every single patient of mine. It's a game changer. It's so insightful. think we're going to change the weight loss. It's going to become body recomposition. That's the goal. Body recomposition. Muscles are sexy as hell too. By the way, people, in case anybody, by the way, they're very sexy. All right, thank you so much for joining us today. Until next time, thanks for coming on.

- What is #zepbound and how does it work?: Kind: captions Language: en I'm Dave nap man on the Manjaro and I am here to talk to you about Zep bound today let me tell you a little bit about this medication and why it is a absolute Game Changer you're probably hearing tons about it on social media on the news everywhere well first of all the thing you need to know is I've been on Zep Bound for a full year what it hasn't even come out yet well let me tell you about zet bound zet bound is a molecule called tepati that was approved this week for weight loss but it's been around for over a year for type 2 diabetics in the same dosing just a little bit different package my version looks like this so what is tepati and why is Zep bound such a potential GameChanger in the Obesity medicine space well to understand what Zep bound is it's helpful to understand its predecessor so you may have heard of OIC you may have heard of people using OIC or because OIC is a diabetic drug the counterpart wig GOI which was approved for weight loss so it's kind of the same thing with tepati you have mararo which was approved for the treatment of type 2 diabetes and then a little bit over a year and a half later tepati was approved for weight loss and now it's called zet bound so it belongs to a class of medicines called incron mimetics and it's kind of a fancy term for basically hormones that are specifically made in your gut and uh it's predecessor OIC is probably one of the most popular gp1s that you may have heard of there are others before it but glp1 is the most prominent of the incr and hormone and what they found is that when people have bariatric surgery they actually lose weight of course by the reduction of intake and food but what they find is over time there's a restoration of these incret and hormones and that's what helps them uh many people to sustain the weight losses there's a a uh a revamping of these gut hormones that help helps to keep the weight loss down and so incretin hormones are essentially a a uh hormone made in your gut glp1 being the most prominent and it is responsible for delaying gastric emptying it's responsible for reducing the amount of sugar that's made in your liver it's uh important in the uh gut to brain connection as far as it relates to making you feel full in your brain and so because it's acting on on a number of things it really helps people to uh reduce what we call Food noise right so they're not thinking about food as much because this this gut brain connection is restored this the motility of the gut the digestion of the food has slowed down a little bit so we just feel Fuller for longer and this ultimately reduces the amount of calories that are that are brought into your body helping people to lose weight but one of the things that makes tepati unique or manaro zet bound is that its predecessors all acted on just one incret and hormone called G lp1 these medications tepati is a polypeptide that acts on two hormones so basically what these peptides do is they mimic these hormones that are made in your body naturally so in OIC and wo's case it mimics gp1 in majar eptide Zep bound's case it mimics two glp1 and Gip these are two prominent incret and hormones and because it's acting on two it actually does a couple things for you helps people lose a little bit more weight and helps to mitigate the side effects they're not sure they don't really understand completely the science behind why that is but the hypothesis is that the Gip component acting on a second uh incret hormone mimicking a second incret hormone just helps to Tamp down uh some of those GI side effects and some of those more unpleasant side effects that people may experience on the older traditional glp 1es here's the amazing news the bottom line for you is that with tepati Zep bound mararo many many people are able to achieve bariatric surgery level results from a weight loss standpoint from a once weekly injection of a peptide that mimics hormones that are already made in your body that for most people who are obese most people who are metabolically ill are completely disregulated it's it's think of it as restoring a balance to your gut hormones that doesn't exist and that's what these medications do if you found this video helpful please consider following my channel hit that like hit that Bell hit that sub and we'll see you on the next one

- 👀 DISCOVERED: Type 2 Diabetes Reversed?!: Kind: captions Language: en China just discovered the cure to diabetes hey everybody Dave nap here man on the Manjaro I am your source for all things obesity glp1 and type 2 diabetes and I got to tell you about this this is amazing this is actually true so some groundbreaking treatment going on in Shanghai this goes back 10 years they took a man using his own stem cells and basically transplanted them into his pancreas and over time he was able to come off insulin and he's off of insulin this entire time the full results of this can be read in cell Discovery Journal where they outline the entire study check it out if you're into all the nerdy facts but the major takeaway is they were able to reverse this guy's type 2 diabetes and while experts are still cautious because more research needs to be done to determine whether these results hold up longterm this would be a massive step forward in the treatment of type 2 diabetes if this treatment holds up across larger clinical trials make sure you follow and share and save and do all the things to stay in touch with my content we're always out on the Forefront of all the major breakthroughs in type two diabetes obesity and the like

- 🫃🦠 Why #Mounjaro and #Ozempic Might Not Work for You!: Kind: captions Language: en some people really struggle to lose weight on gp1s and now we have some more data involving the gut microbiome and certain bacteria that help us to understand why check this out this is fascinating so essentially what you have here is a chart where they were looking at specifically in type 2 diabetics these different gut bacteria right and the gut bacteria in Orange here are responsible for making a byproduct called dpp4 and this stuff is super complex but one of the most important things to know about dpp4 for purposes purposes of this conversation is that they break down glp1 and Gip and if you're type two diabetic you're more likely to have these bacteria that produce dpp4 in Spades so our real life experience as type 2 diabetics and people that struggle on gp1s now have more medical data science to back up the actual reason for this and this is a huge contributing factor gut bacteria over producing dpp4 and dpp4 breaking down the actual hormones that make us feel full that regulate our BL blood sugar and do all those things that help us to create an environment in our body that is conducive to weight loss hopefully we'll see higher doses more frequent doses for those of us with higher levels of dpp4 and the future is bright when it comes to these medications because they're learning so much more if you found this video helpful please consider sharing it especially with a diabetic friend

- 👀 LATEST NEWS GENERIC LIRAGLUTIDE: Kind: captions Language: en stay tuned for one of the answers to one of the most common questions that I get on this channel it relates to generic l glutide so this information is current as of today June 7th 2024 my 39th bday so this is the last credible update that I saw from Fierce Pharma this is from back in March of this year and it predicted that June of 2024 is when we would see generic l glutide l glutide for those of you don't know is the generic version of Victoza and saxenda the diabetes and obesity medications from Nova Nordisk it was a once daily shot very similar chemical structure to semaglutide but in a daily shot because the halflife is shorter in ler glutide than it is in semaglutide the three companies vying to make it and who who did receive authorization to make the generics were tea viatris and Sandos now the FDA has to approve all of these companies versions of liter glutide for safety and efficacy and so far to date none of them have achieved that approval why the FDA might be holding back on this I don't really know but what I do know is that once the FDA does approve these companies versions of L glutide they should be able to come to Market fairly quickly however if they're going to be presented in pens which presumably they would this is a once daily shot I think they may ultimately end up facing the same sort of issues that we're already facing with gp1s and that's shortages on the matter of pricing because I'm sure that will be the next question that many people have don't expect the generic version of L glutide to be much cheaper than the brand name price that you're used to in other words it usually takes 6 months to a year for the prices of the generic to come back down to earth to actually make a meaningful difference in the price of the medication and even though Victoza is a older glp1 medication not nearly as effective as the newer treatments on the market you can see they're still charging a pretty penny for it

- #ZEPBOUND FEELS LIKE PLACEBO?: Kind: captions Language: en have you ever taken your peptide medication and randomly felt like that was a placebo well there might be an explanation for that and the explanation May lie in how you're getting your medication so if you're getting your medication male order the chances of that medication having been exposed to time temperature abuse is pretty strong and there's really no good way to tell how your medication was handled from a temperature standpoint from the time it was manufactured to the the time you take it peptides especially are very vulnerable to heat they just start breaking down in the presence of too much heat especially when they sit in the back of a hot mail truck or in a hot mailbox they could be exposed to temperatures of 125° and those peptides would be breaking down very fast there's a really interesting solution from a company called vcode and vcode offers this little device that goes on a box of medication and basically what it does is it allows you to pull the tab and then from the time that it's in transport to the time it gets to you a simple scan of the barcode will tell you if the medication was exposed to temperatures that are outside of its normal storage range and for how long when you're paying thousands of dollars a month for medication you ought to know that it was handled in a way that allows you to take the medication in its maximum effic ient potency I for one think it's time we start demanding that all of our mail order medications that require temperature control have this barcode on them if you have had medication that you suspect has been time temperature abuse drop it in the comments of this video and like save and share it with somebody else who might find it interesting

- Is #Ozempic better than #Mounjaro: Kind: captions Language: en here is my midweek review on the change from Manjaro after a year to OIC I'm going to let you know what it's like so first of all with mjara which is also known as tppa tide the weight loss version of it known as Zep bound listen I was on it for a full year I lost 30 PBS within the first few months on monjaro and then the weight loss stalled at plateaued and I was not able to get the scale to move uh at all so before exploring weight loss surgery or potential weight loss surgery I wanted to exhaust you know what else is out there on the market that I could try and perhaps respond a little bit better to and that's where OIC came along so I took OIC last Thursday night today is Monday night so we're about halfway through the week uh this is a 2 milligram uh dose pen I actually just took one milligram because I wanted to kind of dip my toes in and wanted to mitigate any side effects it is a different molecule one of the questions that I get asked most often is people who are are switching from OIC or wovi to majara or zet bound and they want to know what the dosing what they should do for dosing and I think that's a conversation between you and your doctor but just know that it even though they act similarly they are a completely different medication and they're going to hit different uh than each other so midweek here's my update first of all the appetite suppression on 1 milligram of semaglutide for the first uh three or four days has been Superior to mararo I had have had appetite suppression uh with 1 milligram of semaglutide uh that exceeds any sort of appetite suppression I ever got on mararo which is not what I expected to be saying I I've always had uh issues with mararo uh in the sense that after about uh the first 24 to 48 hours I really don't get any sort of appetite suppression benefit at all perhaps I burn through the halflife a little bit quicker than others do um I think some glutide has a little bit longer of a halflife than tepati does uh and I've definitely felt that too because yesterday uh being the third day in I still felt pretty good appetite suppression on the 1 milligram now like I said I do have a 2 milligram prescription I may hit that other uh milligram uh in the next day or two uh we'll see um depending on kind of how the first part of this day goes uh maybe I would take it today otherwise I'll just wait till Thursday and probably just do one milligram again uh but I'm very encouraged all in all I'm very encouraged and and surprised by the fact um that even though uh mararo is a dual receptor Agonist uh basically mimicking two incret hormones gp1 and Gip that OIC is actually doing a better job of controlling my appetite um it was a weekend I tend to pay a little bit less attention to my diet on the weekend uh in in the sense that I eat more carbohydrates than I do during the week um I definitely consume more carbohydrates during the weekend and then I do the total of the rest of the week um so uh blood sugars generally were good even when I ate carbohydrates uh for a diabetic all of my sugars stayed under 200 um which for me is pretty good um again during the week I tend to not really go much over a 100 because I don't really eat carbohydrates uh that much during the week um and yeah so so we'll see how the rest of the week goes I started the week at 257 lbs or sorry 287 lbs and so we'll kind of see where that lands um in the next couple weeks I I'll check in with you again but wanted to give you a midweek update uh I'll also give you an update at the end of the week uh just to let you know how it's going but I wanted to give you a little update and say that so far simag glue tide seems to actually work a little bit better for me so it may be the honeymoon phase and I'm going to caveat that with it work working better for me for now um so we'll see uh I'll give you an update later on in the week uh once I hit the one week Mark thanks for watching like and share

- #ZEPBOUND AND #MOUNJARO REVOLUTIONIZING LIVER DISEASE TREATMENT?: Kind: captions Language: en welcome to the weekly dose podcast your One-Stop shop for the weekly news in incron mimic therapies with your host man on the majo Dave [Music] nap welcome to this special edition of the weekly dose podcast I'm your host Dave nman I'm the mjara that's why I'm here you are on the pen with gox and Victa trulicity Manjaro Z bound that pen that's what we talk about here on the weekly dose and I thought that this topic was specifically fitting of a special sort of episode of the podcast now we recently received some very interesting findings from the tepati Synergy Nash trials now Nash is a condition that's now known as Mash with an M but Nash was known as non-alcoholic stano hepatitis and it's a serious liver disease that ultimately leads to progression right as as the scarring takes place in the liver because of the accumulation of fat ultimately it can lead to therosis now we are talking about a very serious liver disease so this is going to be a great episode to share with any of your friends who uh you are aware of that struggle struggle with liver issues whether it is fatty liver disease disas or Mash or even severe fibrosis because this is really CH uh really encouraging news for for a condition that once was sort of a hopeless situation once once fibrosis starts to take place in the liver it was thought for the longest time that that was irreversible that's when fatty deposits really start to cause scarring on the liver and that scarring ultimately leads to therosis that scarring is known as uh f iosis and fibrosis can be reversed with these medications and we're going to get into the key outcomes that we got from this study because this is really exciting news now of course there's similar results uh that we have for rat true tide the phase three uh glp1 Gip glucagon candidate from Eli Lily as well but that's not to be um overshadowed by what we learned from the tepati trials of course tepati already on the market in the form of Zep Bound for chronic weight management and manaro for type two diabetes so let's get into what we learned so we're basically looking at two outcomes we're looking at the resolution of Mash mash which is that you know the fatty accumulation around the liver and we're looking at fibrosis which is scarring cause cused by that accumulation so Mash resolution let's talk about what happened so uh for those on Placebo only 13.2% of participants showed MH resolution without fibrosis worsening uh only 13.2% so these are people who are on a strict diet H but we not uh we not on tepati now looking at the tepati group and you're going to notice how dependent the outcomes were on the dosing schedule right so at 5 milligrams 51.8 people achieved Mash resolution without any worsening of their fibrosis at 10 milligrams 62.8% of people achieved the same outcome and then at 15 milligrams 73% achieved this outcome again that is resolution of that Mash without worsening of fibrosis so you can see that at 51 15 milligrams of doses tested it was very dependent on the dose you were on what sort of resolution you saw of your Mash was now taking a look at fibrosis again this is this is the actual scarring that takes place in the liver that can ultimately lead to therosis so we're talking about what once was thought to be impossible fibrosis Improvement without worsening of mash so on Placebo uh they were able to achieve 32.8% uh who saw a stage one or greater Improvement in fibrosis now look at the dose the doses here and what people achieved for fibrosis Improvement again this is a greater than one stage Improvement in fibrosis at 5 milligrams 59% saw Improvement at 10 milligrams 53% saw Improvement and at 15 milligrams 54% saw Improvement so this is a less dose dependent uh it seems uh outcome where you see sort of similar results whether you're on the five or the 15 milligram dose where you see you know that Improvement of fibrosis uh in that 50 to 60% range which is just an outstanding outcome for those who uh struggle with um fibrosis with mash wants a very Bleak sort of diagnosis to get and this is really really positive news now additionally participants taking tepati also experience vast improvements in body weight I don't think that that's probably a surprise to anyone blood markers of liver injury so there these enzymes that are essentially produced in the liver uh in response to damag alt and a uh and so there was improvements in blood markers as well as biomarkers of liver fat inflammation and fibrosis so a lot of really posit positive uh outcomes from the blood work side of things to obviously which you would expect now these are insane insane data points when you talk about the treatment of liver disease and it seems like what we're seeing across across multiple comorbidities associated with type two diabetes obesity metabolic disease that this class of medications has the ability to change the entire landscape of of the treatment and how we go about treating Frontline uh on the front lines the diseases of the liver and so this is really positive news I would really encourage that you share this video with anyone you know again who has fatty liver disease or is looking at a recent diagnosis uh like this it's not you know often something people share as far as you know their health goes but if you are aware of somebody this is such encour ining news I myself have fatty liver disease uh we'll be getting uh some blood work up again uh in the near future to see how my body is responding to these medications but this is really really positive out positive outcome and we will see uh more uh data points over the next couple of years on these trials and obviously we'll have more information on rrde which seems to be even better adding the glucagon component to the treatment of fatty liver so thank you for being here thank you for being the best part of what we do if you enjoyed this please if you're watching on YouTube hit that like hit that Bell hit that sub if you are catching this on the podcast please consider giving the podcast a festar rating and review it makes all the difference in the world in the ability for the podcast to get out to to the rest of the world and until next time we'll see you next time on the PIN n a oh

- ZEPBOUND : Reshaping the Obesity medicine conversation: Kind: captions Language: en Happy Thanksgiving everybody you're all going to be sitting around the Thanksgiving dinner table soon enough and some of you are going to have some pretty awkward conversations with family members about your glp1 journey and so I want to just provide a video that you can play for them and I'll explain it to them your loved one has battled obesity or metabolic disorder in some form now for a very long time and I know that when you heard that they're on a weight loss medication that probably made you feel all sorts of things you correlated immediately to the horror stories from the 9s of finfin and the amphetamines that people used to be basically appetite suppressants glp1 medicines these injectables like OIC wovi Senda vcta trulicity Manjaro zet bound they actually mimic hormones that your body is deficient in when you're obese or metabolically ill hormones that you likely don't struggle with but people who are ill and obesity is a chronic disease do struggle with glp1 the hormones that these medications mimic are actually a hormone that is responsible for having your gut talk to your brain and tell you that it's full so there's a gut brain connection involved it actually reduces the amount of sugar that your liver makes driving down how much insulin you need on a baseline uh to to control your blood sugars and although people aren't diabetic a lot of them who are obese are insulin resistant and once you become insulin resistant it becomes a very difficult environment within your body body to lose weight it also slows down how fast you you digest your food so in that process uh your loved one is feeling Fuller for longer these medications are actually just long chains of amino acids polypeptides and all they do is they act on these receptors in your gut uh that normally are functioning properly when you're not obese or don't struggle with chronic obesity or chronic metabolic sickness so your loved one is fixing something that is metabolically broken right this is is not the medications that you've heard of before these have a very safe uh profile as far as uh side effects and and potential concerns with these medications they've been around for a long long time they're not brand new regardless of what you've heard they're not brand new they've been around for 20 plus years they've just evolved as our understanding about hormones and obesity have evolved so give your loved one a break they're doing something this year that's helping them get well and instead of immediately jumping to a conclusion about maybe what medication they're on and what the dangers are think about all the dangers that your loved one faces as being obese there are over 22 uh different types of cancers that are associated with obesity and that's just talking about cancer we'll talk about other comorbidities sleep apnea heart disease high blood pressure all these things what's the real risk there not getting treatment so thanks for watching I hope that this has been informative please share it if you found it informative uh subscribe to my channel here over on Tik Tok or on YouTube and follow all of my content because this is what we talk about here we're doing this together in community I hope you all have a great Thanksgiving this has been such a wonderful day to reflect for me and I hope it has been for you and we'll catch you on the next one

- SKETCHY!! A ZEPBOUND PILL!!!???: Kind: captions Language: en in a move that can only be qualified as sketch City you see some of these online tele medicine companies offering oral versions of tepati but is this approved is it effective where did this come from let's get into it well only very recently this week was a company actually awarded the ability to actually study or alter's epetite lexaria which uses a patented process called dehydr to extract the active pharmaceutical ingredient and basically add fatf friendly lipid uh molecules to the medication to help increase the absorption and the bioavailability of the product uh they've got this award now and they will be testing this a very small test now let's talk about the bioavailability of oral peptides rebellis is the only approved oral glp1 medication on the market currently at its highest dose that's now approved that will be hitting the market later this year it will be 50 milligram daily now let's think about this 50 Mig daily of oral semaglutide actually has been shown to give similar uh results in the weight loss department to wig GOI 2.4 mg weekly so a daily 50 mg pill is 750 mg of semaglutide weekly to achieve the same results as 2.4 milligrams of wovi weekly that is 145 times more the active pharmaceutical ingredient to achieve the same results which if you extrapolate that data out to tepati would mean that these pills to achieve the same weight loss results as the 15 mgram version of tepati and Zep bound would be approximately 312 milligrams daily highly doubt they're offering that ask them it is the Wild Wild West out there when it comes to offerings of medications by some of these tele medicine companies that's why it's very important to consult with a tele medicine company that is reputable one that is trustworthy are the ones that are offering medications that have not gone through complete clinical trials trustworthy I'll let you decide that

- 😮🙏 IS COMPOUND #ZEPBOUND AT RISK??: Kind: captions Language: en what is the future hold for the compounded versions of the medications we talk about this channel I'm going to get into it this morning let's let's uh let's really unpack where I think this is all at right now so let's first talk about what we've seen in the news this week we have seen that the research grade versions of these drugs uh are being throttled choked off at the source we have seen some news articles come out uh questioning the origination of the medications that are actually prescribed right the compounded versions coming from 503b phies and all of it seems coordinated and all of it seems calculated let's talk about what I think is going on here so I think what we're seeing now is Eli Lily has decided to leverage their uh billions of dollars their law machine uh to come after uh anything that is not a branded version of uh the medications that they have approved through the f let's talk about the research grade stuff first real quick I think what's happening there is you have a select few suppliers that are supplying all the companies that are advertising here in the United States in other words they're all using just a couple sources so it's very easy for them to find the source and shut it down by leveraging um you know just the vast amounts of money that they have to go after them on the compounded side uh you saw some articles come out questioning the source of the 503b uh Pharmacy that is used by hims and hers we just heard this big announcement a couple of weeks ago that hims and hers was going to be offering extremely competitively priced uh semaglutide of course all this poses a threat to Big Pharma uh who can't keep up with Supply and instead of owning the fact that they can't keep up Supply uh and allowing 503b pharmacies to fulfill their mandate uh written by the law back in 201 13 uh they're coming after uh and trying to demonize those sources by saying that they have uh experienced um FDA um infractions in the past now any drug company who's experienced FDA infractions just means that they're being overseen by the FDA that's a good thing and Eli Lily and Novo Nordisk have both settled uh lawsuits to the tune of hundreds of millions of dollars um over the history of their companies to settle infractions with the FDA and I'm not just talking about versions of their medications that are made overseas I'm talking about plants in the United States so their hands are not clean on this but of course uh if they can sort of slip uh a narrative into the media they of course will they have a lot of friends there because of the amount of money that they spend on Advertising so what does this all mean well I think that the research grade stuff um is going to be hard harder to come by if that's the route that you go on the compounded side 503b pharmacies again are are designed to actually make medication in times of shortage that's why our government allows for them to exist 503b pharmacies were established in 2013 By an act of legislation that allows them to make drugs that are in FDA shortage so in other words it would actually take an act of legislation that would block these compound pharmacies from doing their obligation right fulfilling uh drugs manufacturing them in scale that are in an FDA shortage so for that reason I don't think that they're going to go anywhere now you'll see the source continue the sources of these medications continue to be demonized in the media you'll continue to see press releases from Eli Lily maybe ultimately Novo nordis but I honestly think Novo Nordisk um you know there's more versions of of compounded semaglutide available than there are t epetite it seems like especially when you think about 503b pharmacies who can manufacture drugs and skill uh there's a lot more semaglutide being made at that level than there is tepati in fact I think probably uh honestly the the most of the versions of tepati that are compounded the kind that need the prescription are probably coming from similar sources to the sources that are making the uh research great to be totally honest with you but that is more speculation on my part than than actually truth but the 503 BS are making the compounded or excuse me the generic semaglutide um and I don't think there are any that are making tepati that I'm aware of so you see Novo nordis they have plenty of of reason to come in and swoop in and do the same thing that Eli Lily is doing but they're not and I honestly think that having listened to uh many many conference calls earnings calls with the leadership of the company I think Nova Nordisk is just a more ethical company that is my opinion they spend far more time talking in their earnings calls about the experience of their employees and how to make sure that the people who are making these medications are well taken care of and satisfied with their jobs uh they're more concerned with Bringing Down the cost uh in the long term even though they're taking a bunch of hits uh in the media right now because that seems to be the focus of Bernie Sanders and his committee is Novo nordis but I think that's because Lily's an American company right Novo is an easier Target uh it isn't I mean Eli Lily is making money hand over fist on majara Z bound the same way that Nova Nordisk is making it on wovi and oepic so to make a long story short I really don't see compounded versions uh from 503b pharmacies going anywhere compounded semaglutide I think compounded tepati may be harder to get in the near- term um if Lily is successful and if my hypothesis is correct that some of the research grade versions are coming from similar sources as some of the compounded versions um I think that you may see uh that become harder to get uh but compounded semaglutide doesn't seem to be a Target doesn't seem to be something that Novo Nordisk is actively trying to shut down yet um so that's where we're at that's where we're at and I think that the blame on this can be placed uh solely at the feet of of Eli Lily uh who is showing them to be extremely you know the other interesting thing that I will uh add into this equation is I think one of the things that that Eli Lily did inadvertently when they went after uh the research grade versions of tepati is they validated the uh they they validated the fact that that ver those versions of it have legitimacy if they didn't why bother going after them at all it's not because they have this you know Noble uh quest to ensure safety uh in a market that they have nothing to do with it's money and it's always been about money and uh I I believe what they did is they validated to some extent uh or lended credibility to those versions so that's where we're at that's what I'm seeing with the compounds right now what are your thoughts where where are you at with all this what do you see happening as I know that many in the community have uh some really interesting takes on these topics and uh many people are are more more entrenched in the pharmaceutical world than obviously I am uh which is n none at all I just sort of am a patient uh who who likes to uh learn about these medications and share the news so let me know what you think in the comments I think this is a fascinating topic and will be very interesting to watch uh make sure you uh do all the things like save share this video and we'll catch you on the next one

- #PEMVIDUTIDE Improves Quality of Weight Loss Over #Zepbound: Kind: captions Language: en current metabolic modulating medicines like tepati and semaglutide which help people reduce their weight come with this whole topic around it about the quality of weight loss in other words how much of the weight lost is muscle mass and how much of it is fat well we're getting some really encouraging information from some of the phase 2 and phase three clinical trial drugs that are out there that have a much higher quality of weight loss today we're going to talk about pmad du tide which is from altimmune we heard some breaking news from them today on the quality of their weight loss but I think to put that in context it's helpful to understand where we are with the current medicines that many of us are on semaglutide eptide so semaglutide had a 68- we study called the select trials which measured the muscle mass loss during uh that phase of that trial and basically what you saw was up to 39% of the weight lost in that trial was muscle mass or lean muscle tissue Wither eptide in the surpass trials you saw a 72- we trial where people lost anywhere from 25 to 30% of their muscle mass uh that's what constituted their weight loss 25 to 30% of it was muscle mass and you see Eli Lily and noo nordis sort of marking this as a potential cause for concern because you do see them now buying up companies uh in Eli Lily's case you see that they bought up a company that had a candidate called bab that was actually already in testing with semaglutide the magr maab is a muscle preserving drug that could be administered or co-administered with tepati and of course on the novo nor side you hear that they've working with a company called regeneron to combine semaglutide with a muscle preserving drug from them as well pmad du tide which is in phase two trials it is a glp1 and glucagon coagonist from altimmune uh released their Phase 2 trial data on a much shorter study so this was 48 weeks so the weight loss only hit about 15% but of that 15% weight loss only 21% of that amount was actually lean muscle tissue so much more impr improved outcome for the quality of weight loss with the newer generations of drugs and I think you can probably extrapolate this out to drugs like uh excuse me drugs like ritr tide which has a glucagon component or cadu Tide from Bay ringer ingleheim which also has a glucagon component in a coagonist as well so the quality of weight loss is important and even though all weight loss no matter how you're achieving it is going to come likely with some muscle loss uh it just stands to reason right when your body weighs less you need less muscle to carry around that weight but the quality is important and especially semaglutide getting up to 39% uh is probably a cause for concern in many especially older people where muscle mass preservation is extremely important if you found this video helpful please consider liking saving It sharing it sending it to somebody else who might find it interesting as well

- On The Pen: The Weekly Dose 6.18.24: Kind: captions Language: en welcome to the weekly dose podcast your One-Stop shop for the weekly news in incron bedic therapies with your host man on the majo Dave [Music] nap welcome to the Tuesday June 18th 2024 episode of on the pen the weekly dose your One-Stop shop for obesity news diabetes news glp1 medications incron mimic therapies I'm your host Dave n man on the Manjaro that's why I'm here you are on the pen that's why you're here with sax Senda victo of trity mararo and Z bound that's what we talk about here and we're not going to waste any time getting into it this week because there's a ton to cover especially in the world of advocacy so this past week unfortunately what we saw was a big uptick in pbms sending out letters to their customers basically telling them that they are changing BMI requirements they're changing who they're going to allow uh to prescribe you glp1 medications they are changing so much about the landscape of gp1s and I think we're about to see a delug because this is going to start happening and proliferating around the country as these small little pockets are being used as sort of test grounds to see how they can roll out these changes what kind of push back they can get away with I think what we saw this past week was was some push backs starting to happen within the community and it started with on theep pen.com now if you're not following on theep pen.com that's uh our website here and I think that it is super important that you go over and sign up for email alerts here but we dropped this email or excuse me this blog post earlier this week that allows you to contact your state Representatives both um at the uh Senate level and the Congress level and then we put this form letter together that you can download and basically personalize and send off to your representatives to have them Advocate and understand how important it is to you that they be advocating for PBM reform now that's again at on theep pen.com now on this topic we are going to have a special guest on the pen on Thursday night if you have followed the show you're no stranger to Lee from Lee fits in now Lee is fresh off I believe a Good Morning America uh appearance last week and he's done a deep dive into something called the uspstf now basically this is a a organization that was created by the federal government that provides guidelines and recommendations basically for the prevention of preventable disease and there is a mandate baked within the Affordable Care Act that basically requires insurance companies to cover medications and treatments that can lead to the preventable treatment of disease now obviously that sounds a lot like what gp1s do and so Lee is Gonna Come on the show on Thursday night and discuss uh from his perspective what he thinks needs to happen and we will be giving you some more tools at on theep pin.com on how you can advocate for this organization to expedite their testing their required testing in order to uh hopefully get gp1s put into that category of a preventable treatment for the disease of OB now of course all of this news is on the heels of Blue Cross Blue Shield Michigan restricting access by raising BMI effectively Banning you from getting your gp1s from tele medicine and and a host of other things including joining their health and wellness program to get access to gop1 we saw similar actions uh come out from Express Scripts but this is interesting news from a outfit called benefitspro docomo being offered in uh around the healthcare industry listen to this stat because this is very interesting when you talk about accessibility expanding and more and more employers adding OB obesity coverage to their plans it's important to put that into context of these numbers 74% of employers that provide gp1 coverage have or are considering access restrictions such as raised BMI thresholds coverage or treatment limits requiring step therapy and a behavioral modification process so you see more and more barriers even with the advancements that we've made in getting employers to cover these medicines you see more more moves to not cover them and so this is why I think unfortunately over the next six months 12 months you're going to see the conversation of compounds really really start to come back into the fold as far as which ones are the best ones to use what should we be considering I really recommend that you go back and check out the podcast from a few weeks back where we covered the difference between 503a and 503b pharmacies this is a really important thing to understand 503a far phes have been historically in existence to make Script Prescriptions on an individual basis basically compounding some sort of uh medication with another or removing an ingredient because of an allergy or maybe a dose that's not available on the General market they're great they're an indispensable part of our health care System but when you talk about manufacturing drugs on a scale right that's what 503b pharmacies exist to do there's actually legislation that sort of mandates that we have them and that they have the capacities to ramp up drug production in the event that there are prescription drugs uh that are in shortage and what we saw this past week was articles floating around that are telling us that drugs in the United States are at an all-time high for the amount of shortage so going back 10 15 years ago there may have been 10 12 drugs floating around on the FDA shortage list we have now over 400 100 drugs in shortage that's why you hear me talking about what a big deal it is that Eli Lily is investing billions of dollars into API active pharmaceutical ingredient Manufacturing in the US because access to critical medications are super super important it is a matter of National Security if we don't control our supply chain for the drugs that we need to live antibiotics uh diabetes medicines Etc then we are in a really bad way if anything hits the fan with uh the supply chain and if if 2020 taught us nothing it is imperative that we have a handle on the supply chain especially when it comes to critical access to medications so uh you just uh you just see the the importance of an investment like Eli Lily I think it's something to the tune of n billion dollar that they are investing into a plant in Indiana to manufacture the API for tepati or for Manjaro and zound which is tepati so kudos to Eli Lily this is a going to be a huge topic of conversation going forward make sure you check out that episode on 503a and 503b farm some more interesting news as we talk about supply chain we know that the huge kink in the supply chain for glp1 medications over the last year year and a half has really been the pens the injector pens being a major King of the supply chain because they are in Dave Ricks the CEO of Eli Lily's words some of the most complex things on the planet to manufacture right not really what what you want to hear when you're facing the kind of shortages that we've been facing with especially Zep bound and mararo but check this out this is this is really fascinating Vivani which is a company that is developing an injectable implant called npm 1119 received the go-ahead to continue with clinical trials for a 6month implantable glp1 now this is a fascinating uh concept because for six months you'll have a slow release of the medication now whether that's titratable right whether there's a mechanical element to it that can be sort of titrated as the dose goes up or down I know that's the big initial reaction people have is what if you're having some sort of uh averse reaction from a side effect standpoint how do you dial back the dose I'm sure that's all part of what they're figuring out right now in these clinical trials and this will be a fascinating one to watch a six-month implantable glp1 now initially they were testing this with exenatide which is the first glp1 it was on the market under the brand name of bayetta uh for many many years this is when we talk about these this class of medications not being new we're talking about bayetta essentially being uh the first to Market back over 20 years ago and this was the the first glp one that vvani was looking at with the npn 119 of course you're probably going to see newer generations of the glp1 medications used in this device including semaglutide from noo Nordisk and in the future probably others as well so this will be a very interesting one to look at that's again Vivani uh the link to the article is in the description of the show notes one of the most commonly asked questions on any number of my channels uh including the YouTube channel and the Tik Tock Channel make sure you're following us everywhere very close to 10,000 followers on YouTube just about 12 followers away uh but we got some information this week from a team of medical experts who are telling us what is the optimum diet on a glp1 medication now there has been a lot of different ideas exchanged online about what diet people should be following or what they shouldn't be following i i as a glp1 communicator have always shied away from giving any advice about what you should do because a obesity is a very complex disease right and there are different reasons that people are in the condition that they are from a behavioral standpoint a genetic standpoint and a whole host of things it's just not a one-size fits-all disease there is a wide spectrum and so to to sit and give advice to somebody uh is in the position that I'm in I feel like is not wise but this is some interesting news because this comes from a team of medical experts that have developed a list of evidence-based nutritional recommendations to assist clinicians in treating patients with antiobesity medications and here's sort of the the gist of it they are recommending that you get at least 60 to 70 uh grams of protein a day that you combine healthy carbohydrates cons constituting 45 to 65% of your overall intake so not a low carb diet obviously if you're diabetic this is going to probably have different stipulations but this is for the the Obesity management drugs fats constituting between 20 and 35% of energy intake with saturated fats limited to less than 10% of that intake and about 21 to 25 grams of fiber for women and 30 to 38 grams of fiber daily for men two to three liters of fluid including water low calorie beverages and lowfat dairy so I will link again in the show notes uh some more information that you can find about this but this again was a team of medical experts developing some evidence-based guidelines for the dietary recommendations for those who are taking a glp1 for obesity management this was published in uh the Obesity society's Flagship Journal so very very interesting information shout out to uh Lisa nef who was the prior uh primary author on that one and the executive director of the glob medical Affairs for Eli Lily so one shout out I want to give to Clark Kent this week uh Clark Kent you can find him over on X at get obesity news uh he is the one who provides a rundown of all the news for the week kind of helps me out by putting together these notes so if you appreciate the work that he does and you want to follow sort of in real time with him follow at get obesity news on Twitter another great account to follow over on Twitter is at glp1 news another great resource uh for some glp1 news so just a couple great follows if you're into the glp1 news we're gonna have a great show this week on on the pin Thursday night I hope you'll join us we'll probably be uploading that podcast to uh or that show to the podcast as well later this week because we are GNA have such an important discussion with Lee from Lee fits in I hope that you'll join us until next week thank you for being here thank you for being the best part part of what we do at on the pen and until next week enjoy yourselves thanks for being here n la w

- Retatrutide Clinical Trial Update: Kind: captions Language: en some interesting news about the Reddit true tide trials and we're going to talk about how that could impact uh some people who are engaging in some risky Behavior right now so I haven't had the chance to confirm this this is all anecdotal information from people who have dropped comments on my videos people who are claiming to be involved in the clinical trials for Reddit true tide so as you may know Reddit true tide is the triple Agonist glp-1 Gip and glucagon receptor agonists you've got all the glp ones ozempic wagovies xender Victoza trulicity rebelsus and then you've got one medicine that stands alone as a dual Agonist that's Manjaro which is a glp-1 and Gip receptor Agonist Retta true tide is just an investigational medication right which means it's in clinical trials it hasn't been approved yet but it's being tested by Eli Lilly and going through all the FDA um checks and balances safety checks and balances through the clinical trials and it's currently in phase three which is the last phase before it goes to the FDA for approval now here's where the news gets interesting and why people really ought to be aware of the bootleg versions that are floating around so anecdotally it sounds like some of the people who are participating in the phase 3 trial have started to follow a different dosing schedule than what was previously reported to be in the earlier phases of the trials for Reddit true tide it sounds like the dosing schedule has slowed down so they're they're not dosing up as fast as they had before and it also sounds like the max dose that people are getting now is nine milligrams which is interesting because it had previously been reported that 12 milligrams was the highest dose why might this be important and again remember that this is all just anecdotal information that people have dropped in my comments so I have no way to to validate this but I think it's worth the warning anyway the reason that Eli Lilly may have done this if this is truly the case is that people we know that it was reported because we listened to the conference calls and we cover those on this channel uh we we know that Eli Lilly themselves have said that people have been experiencing heart arrhythmias with Reddit true tide and this is common this is actually common for glucagon receptor agonists this is not the first medication that's come along that has been tested as a glucagon receptor Agonist but other pharmaceutical companies have actually abandoned glucagon receptor agonists in the past because it tends to mess with people's heart a little bit more than glp-1s do with glp-1s it's very common for some people a small number of people to experience a little bit of tachycardia but this is different with a true type this was heart arrhythmias that people were experiencing again likely because of the glucagon component now how is this relevant to anybody outside the clinical trials right now it's relevant in this way every single ad that I've seen for bootleg read a true tide is 12 milligrams and if this information is true that Eli Lilly is abandoning the rapid dose escalation and maybe even pulling back on the highest dose to presumably reduce these issues of heart arrhythmias what's going to happen to people who find these bootleg medications and Jump Right In at 12 milligrams

- MOTS-c & GHK-Cu to Mounjaro… Week 1 (Too Early to Tell?): Kind: captions Language: en So this week I am on phase two of Mjaro and this is not medical advice, it's educational purposes. I've been on major for a while and so far I have lost 73 lbs. Five just over five stone and I am not done yet. I have 14 more weeks to reach my target. I'm getting closer to my target. I'm looking at alternatives. So, my current pen literally has potentially one more injection left and the golden dose. I have another 50 mgram pen sitting in the fridge to start using afterwards. And I am currently using 7.5. We've never really gone over that, excluding a golden dose here and there. So, I'm looking at alternatives and Reta is top of the list, but I'm not ready just yet cuz again, I have another mangaro pen. So, I'm looking at alternatives alongside it. So, this is the first week that I've started adding for one of the reasons. Uh, I'm using uh GHKCU this week and that is because the amount of weight that I've lost. I'm saggy. I do have a little bit of excess skin though. Bit of a problem here. Yeah. And unfortunately, my neck does look like a vagina. >> Skin's really loosened up. So, the collagen will help should help um with that skin elasticity and various other benefits. I don't care about the hair and nails, but that's my main target. What I've added to for the phase two, primarily for phase two, I've added mi. Now, my my vial is uh 20 mg. I've added 2 milllers of back water and I'm using one migram per time four times a week and that is specifically on training days. Now I'm not going to tell you or explain to you how mozzy works but I'm going to put some of the benefits on the screen for you to look into. I'm sure you you're looking watching this video, you must know a little bit about it. If not, I'll put the relevant information on the screen. So, it's only been one week and I'm on the way to the gym now for the fourth time this week, which means I've taken it genuinely, you know what, I don't know if it's placebo or it's the real deal. I really don't. But it genuinely made performance better. So, my strength has been increasing nicely in the last two weeks. And I'm not taking anything. I'm just I was taking creatine at the start of the year. Strength, endurance, and performance all improve, but at a cost of weight gain with the water retention. I hated that. I want to lose weight. I want to reach my target as soon as possible. Seen the scales go up due to water retention. That's not ideal. I'm not ready for that yet. So Miy it's to basically use fat more effectively and I still got basically two stones to go. So this is my first week on using it genuinely. You know what I took it on the Monday at 5:30 in the morning. I trained fasted in the morning and I hit chest and arms and you know what? I was just like literally more efficient at everything I was doing. Again, I don't know if it's placebo. I don't know what is going on. So, took that on Monday. Wednesday, I did a class. I wanted to try and mix things up a little bit. And it was like a body class, you know, and various other things that things that I don't I wouldn't do myself. So, I did that within half an hour. I've done it once before a while ago and I was carrying a bit more weight. Genuinely I thought I was going to die. My heart rate went to 174 according to my watch. Sweating, dying, out of breath, everything. Anyway, so since then I've lost a bit more weight, but again I don't do stuff like that. I just do weight training. Anyway, so I did this class similar sort of tempo and struggle like okay I was I wasn't the fittest one in the group but like again everything was more efficient and I don't know I don't know if it's the seat actually being the real deal or I've actually got fitter and stuff like that. Could be a combination of both, but I was really surprised. And my heart rate didn't elevate that high to 174. It was like 160 something. Still high again. It's 30 minutes non-stop. So yeah. Um, and I did back Friday again. Strength has been great. And it's just literally just everything running smoothly, you know? It's basically a pre-workout, right? I mean, that's how I'm looking at it. It's not focused or pumped. It's just just smoother. It's the only thing I can think of. And I've taken it now. I'm walking to the gym to train legs. I do that every Sunday. And I literally have no idea what to expect. I'm just getting long. So yeah, let me know if you want me to do a weekly update or realistically combination of both. So weekly and when I finish my vial. But again, I'm running this alongside Marjaro, so it's not just a standalone or reta. And that's a potential maybe. I don't know. Uh, I've got one more pen left and hopefully I can use the whole pen in the next 14 weeks. But according to my calculations, I'm going to be short by 6 weeks. So, we'll get to that when I get there.

- Microdosing Mounjaro Side Effects: Less Potent?! Food Noise Returns—Coincidence or Warning? #GLP1: Kind: captions Language: en Now, this is the second or third time this has happened and it can't be coincidental. So, I'm using a 15 migram pen, but I am using half that. So, 7.5 millig right as I'm approaching literally the very end of it to hit that golden dose. So, this is the second week now. Second injection. I've not felt it. At the start of the year, I had the same issue. I started freaking out because it wasn't working. Well, I didn't feel like it was working and I was actually gaining weight and that was the the creatine at that point. So, I was averaging one pound a week weight gain for three successive weeks. Mind you, with the pen of major not working, I was freaking out and it was just an awful feeling. It literally was like proper mental mind games. Now that like I said I am losing weight but the effectiveness have completely vanished. So I'm using 7.5 milligrams and last week I didn't feel it fine. Ironically I've lost weight right but trust me this week took the injection again not feeling it. I'm not getting no boost the effects that I do get and I genuinely think my theory is the pen clearly isn't supposed to last that long. Yeah, you know you can use it up to 6 weeks I think but anything over the effectiveness genuinely I don't think it's there. I'm not feeling it and it's calm because coincidental that it's roughly the same sort of level left or amount left in my pen that the same thing's happening which means I'm getting closer to finishing my current pen and I have another 50 mig pen sitting in the fridge. So I'll be interested to see once I start that pen which is maybe the next like week or two if that's going to work. We'll see. I've been mostly doing every six days injection wise 7.5 mil six seven days and this week did five days first time I've ever done a shortened it that much first time in probably five six months to be honest and again 7.5 mil last week was Saturday this week I did it on Thursday felt nothing like literally nothing. I'm very intrigued to see if my theory works.

- Mounjaro Week 41: 73 LBS DOWN… Closer but Harder 🤬: Kind: captions Language: en After not losing any weight for about four weeks, if not five, finally lost. And it's the most like typical thing going. How's it going everyone? Welcome back to the channel. If you've been following the channel, one, I do appreciate that. And two, it's just annoying to be honest. Like, I'm trying harder because it's getting harder. and it just stalls and then out of nowhere I end up losing 5 lbs in a week. But like I said, if I've not lost around 5 weeks, that's an average of one pound per week loss. So, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know why it happens. I don't know why it happens. I don't know how it happens. But it's just I mean I'm glad it is dropping which means I'm getting closer to the target. So week 41. Just can't believe it. I mean losing 5 lbs is a lot. But again take that in consideration that I've not lost anything for around 4 weeks. It's fine. And it genuinely is getting harder. like to think we're we're nearly May. I've got 14 weeks left to hit my target till I fly away. Yes. So, I'm flying away in 14 weeks time and ideally I'd love to hit my target by then. So, I'm going to break this down into segments dosage wise. Now, this is the second or third time this has happened and it can't be coincidental. So, I'm using a 15 mg pen, but I am using half that. So, 7.5 mg, right? And as I'm approaching literally the very end of it to hit that golden dose. So, this is the second week now, second injection. I've not felt it. At the start of the year, I had the same issue. I started freaking out because it wasn't working. Well, I didn't feel like it was working and I was actually gaining weight and that was the the creatine at that point. So, I was averaging one pound a week weight gain for three successive weeks. Mind you, with the pen of Monero not working, I was freaking out and it was just an awful feeling. It literally was like proper mental mind games. Now that like I said I am losing weight but the effectiveness have completely vanished. So I'm using 7.5 milligrams and last week I didn't feel it fine. Ironically I've lost weight, right? But trust me this week I took the injection again. Not feeling it. I'm not getting no boost. no um taste the effects that I do get and I genuinely think my theory is the pen clearly isn't supposed to last that long. Yeah, you know you can use it up to 6 weeks I think but anything over the effectiveness generally I don't think it's there. I'm not feeling it and it's calm because coincidental that it's roughly the same sort of level left or amount left in my pen that the same thing's happening. I'm going to so which means I'm getting closer to finishing my current pen and I have another 50 mig pen sitting in the fridge. So, I'll be interested to see once I start that pen, which is maybe in the next like week or two, if that's going to work. We'll see. I've been mostly doing every six days injection wise, 7.5 mil, six, seven days. And this week I did five days. First time I've ever shortened it. But that much first time I mean probably 56 km to go and again 7.5 mil. Last week was Saturday. This week I did on Thursday felt nothing like literally nothing. I'm very intrigued to see if my theory works. So that's the dosage. training. Training's been like on point. Now, I did mention, ironically, about two weeks ago how I noticed my strength increase like big time. Just actually surprised myself. My weakest body part by far shoulders. And I've been avoiding them for a good good while because one, I hate them. Two, it's it's just long to be honest and the burn, the sensation. But it's just one of those things. I'm literally trying to do a 4 week split workout. So started doing them about a month ago and I'm not ashamed to say that literally about a month ago I was doing lateral l uh lateral raises like doing that with the machine right struggle to do 14 kilos. or seven each burn and you know all that stuff and you know slowly slowly gradually just getting better at it like like anything right still hate it don't get me wrong it's just things you got to do and actually have a uh I damaged my rotary cuff like 2017 something like that so and I'm right-handed so it's just it's not ideal anyway so I've avoided that for years again due to my injury and weakness from like last week like I said everything has increased strength performance and stuff like that I've got fitter and I went from a month ago struggling to do 14 kilos to somehow max 41 kilos 5x5s that's that's matt in a month and I still have like a having sort of cuff right here like it clicks and everything but that's relevant. I'm generally just getting stronger. So four times a week consistently going to the gym now is I do every Sunday to train legs. So I this is the only cardio that I do. I was actually thinking about that one of my friends colleagues he said oh you know what you know you're getting closer to your target stuff like that. maybe you should uh start doing cardio to, you know, lose more. And I was training legs last week and I finished that and I genuinely thought to myself, maybe I should do something extra, burn a bit more calories and and I saw rowing and I'm like, maybe, you know, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that. I'm happy with what I'm doing. I'm not a bodybuilder. I'm not an athlete. I'm just, you know, I'm enjoying what I'm doing. And uh yeah, diet. Here we go. Monday was a really good day. Trained um chest and arms as I do every Monday. And my calories that day were like over calories. And I ate well, high protein. I don't actually have anything specific. I just literally just make healthier choices. I really do. Sometimes it's a bit boring, I have to admit. So, I went from like 2200 calories Monday to 1,800 calories on Tuesday. Just one of those things, but it's not the food. It's sort of the macros. And I'm just trying to eat as little as low calorie as possible with the highest protein ratio, you know. So, I'm just doing what I can. I've actually got a few questions this week. So, I'm trying to reply if not to all of them, but I thought I'll add them to the video this time. So, one of them was um basically the protein or calories. And I genuinely don't have a specific target. I just I just go day by day. For some days, I genuinely feel hungrier than others. So, Monday I had 2,200 calories, for example. The following day I had 1,800 calories. And I think the day after that I might have had 1500 calories. It it just I do try and eat as much as I can, but obviously doing what I'm doing and how I'm doing it, it sort of limits. Another one. This is a good one actually. Uh did the company did the company give me a dosage guide for the peptides? So, I've just started using extra stuff to help my phase two of Mjaro. I'm getting closer to the target and I want to just try different things to be honest. And before anyone says anything, Majora is a peptide if you're wondering. So, no the any company or most companies you use do not give you a goide and it's not medical advice. It's just educational purposes. You can find anything online, but most companies if they have a website, which the ones I've used do, you just basically go online, you type in your vial size that you've ordered, the amount of water you have, back water you have to use or recommendations, just just go online to be honest. So if it's a 10 mig vial, you're looking at between minimum one milll of water, maximum two. Each vial is maximum 3 milllers. Anyway, so for example, this uh this week I've literally just started using mossy. So, it is a 20 20 mg um peptide and I've added two mlers of water. I'm using one migram per injection per time, four times a week. So, that's going to give me what? Four milligrams a week. So, we're looking at about 4 and a half weeks. I've taken it on training days only. And yeah, GH HKCU, the collagen peptide I started using um which a lot of people were freaking me out to be honest. It's about it gives you a sting and you know they recommend buying a bigger vial on Amazon and then diluting it and whatever. But I just try my luck, see what it's like cuz they say up to 9 milllers of water to really minimize the sting. I tried my luck and I've added uh in the vial 3 milll the maximum the amount that it comes with and I felt a slight sting but you supposed to feel this thing very subtle not painful whatsoever it's going well for me to be honest so and I've tried different areas like my upper glute trying to I tried to show you but you can't so yeah just look online again this is not medical advice. It's for educational purposes. My starting weight was 20 stone 12. My target is to hit my personal best at this point. I just want to lose weight. in my head is to hit or beat my personal best which that was in 2012. So in 2009 I was 25 and a half stone the biggest recorded weight I was adding 3 years of hard work no PT. I've never had a personal training. I'm literally self-educated in everything that I do, including this Mjaro journey and peptides and all that stuff that just started. I literally just educate myself. I lost 11 stone in 3 years and at that point I was like probably 90% cardio. So I lost 11 stone in 3 years and I went down to 14 stone bang on which is around 88 kilos. So in my head as I started losing more weight than I expected that's my target just to reach that if I can beat that like over the moon. So like I said I've lost 5 lbs since the last time I lost weight. So now I can't I I can't believe it. So I was hovering around 60 stone which is again flight. Ask me this back in July when I started it. Oh I'd rip both your hands off cuz I struggled to lose weight since 2012 to be honest. Like I lost 113 years and I genuinely got cocky. I think I thought to myself, you know what? Yeah, I lost weight, felt great, I look great. I can I can always do this. And I've not done it since. And I've been trying. Literally have been trying. So I weighed myself this week. So I've lost those 5, which brings me down to 15 stone 9. So that means I am 14 weeks away from hopefully reaching my 1.9 stone to go. So yeah, let's keep going.

- My FULL Peptide Stack Revealed (Mounjaro Phase 2 Begins) 💉🔥: Kind: captions Language: en Major is going well. So yeah, I've lost 67 68 pounds, but if it's not the scale dropping, then it's other things like visually and you know my clothes are too big and stuff like that. So but again to an additional peptide to it I've also bought I will be start using mossy and I will be using that like I said from tomorrow and specifically will be 1 mig on training days so as a sort of like pre-workout just to see what that's like. So that vial should last me about four and a half weeks. And once I finish that, I have tessamorin which is an FDA approved again this is not medical advice by the way peptide. And considering it's an FDA approved peptide, it helps eat away burn away visceral fat like the fat around stubborn belly fat, love handles, ranch stuff around your organs, stuff like that. So, and because it is FDA approved, it's the most expensive one. And with my calculations, not 100%. But for now, we're looking at that vial also lasted me around 4 and a half weeks. So, I've literally just before I came out to do this video, I've reconstituted I think I think that's what it's called. So, basically mixed it and prepped it for tomorrow with my bacter bacterioatic water for tomorrow. So I've got mozzy prepped and ready. GHKCU ready. Tessa Morlin. No, that's going to stay untouched for another 4 and a half weeks. So phase two, I've got 15 weeks to hit my target. I still have another 50 mg pent of Mjaro sitting in the fridge, which I'm getting close to using, but I'm only using half that. So, let's go.

- My Wife Found All My Peptides… Her Reaction 🤬: Kind: captions Language: en So, I finally dipped into the gray market. Ando is has been working amazing for me and still is. I've got another 15 weeks to hit my target. So, I've been getting ready to start this peptide journey and I've stocked up. Let's just say I stocked up. I've got my needles, my sharps been. I'll take a picture of it right now. So, I was getting ready. So, I got that before the peptides came just so just so I'm ready, right? So, I got all my gear ready for the peptides cuz I'm not messing around. When I put my mind to something, I'm ready. And my stuff came and I uploaded it onto my Tik Tok account. Then my wife walked in. >> You're a drug dealer. >> No. What? How? What? Shock. Absolutely shocked. So, she doesn't actually understand peptides, which is fine. Even is a peptide itself, right? And then she just thinks I'm sort of like drug dealer, which is just like the funniest thing ever. So she just sees needles, syringes, and she's freaking out like I'm Heisenberg. And I'm not even joking. I swear to God, it was the funnest thing ever. She starts going mad. So I start explaining to her what I'm going to use. I mean, she she's 5'4, slim, petite, beautiful, and since she's had the kids, she does train as well. She's very healthy, always has been the opposite of me up to obviously now on my Mora journey. So, since she's had the kids, she's got a bit of sagggininess around her abdomen, which is understandable after having three kids, right? especially my last one ruined it and I told her about so we've started using collagen protein together to help with that elicity and stuff like that and I explained to her about GHKCU so she's freaking out that all the peptides that you know they're drugs and all the all this bad stuff once I explained to her about GHKCU completely changed her mind because I want to use it like you're going mad. I got like a bunch of needles. You calling me some sort of drug dealer and now you want to like join the party? No. Go away. It's mine. But I've got two vials, two 100 mg of GHKCU, which I've just prepped for tomorrow. So, I've heard about this sting. So, I want to test the waters first on myself and then see how it goes then. Yeah, she can start using it as well because again she you know I guess we could have something in common cuz as petite and as a slim as she is the fact that I'm losing weight s just about but like training four times a week weight training and stuff like that you know she wants to lose a little bit of weight for a summer holiday which is totally understandable get that sort of beach body ready for her But yeah, it's just funny. She calls me a drug dealer looking for the cartel to then be like, I want

- I’m DONE Paying Mounjaro Prices… Entering the Grey Market (Phase 2 Begins): Kind: captions Language: en Mangaro was phase one still on it 40 weeks and counting and with 15 weeks left to hit my target it's time for phase two with the cost of Mjaro just being an absolute joke now I have been for a good while looking at alternatives for a good while and I haven't rushed into this I've been learning, studying, just observing to be honest and taking the plunge to hit phase two. So I've turned into peptides and considering not many people even talk about this like majority actually is a peptide itself but for some reason it's like doesn't count. So anyway, so I've finally dipped into the market into the gray market and that's it's like a big taboo, right? Again, I haven't rushed into this. I haven't just found someone on TikTok and made stupid choices. I've been learning, taking my time, and just educating myself. And what I've gone for, well, I've actually bought three peptides. So, I've bought myself because of So, so far I've lost 4.2 stone, which is what 67 lbs and counting, as you can imagine, losing that much weight, I've got like sacky skin and stuff like that, which is just really winding me up for the good few weeks. I mean, look at that. That's terrible. And I started adding collagen protein to my diet for a good while. But decided to take the plunge and go into the next level. So, GH KCU, a collagen peptide with various other benefits as well. As of tomorrow, I will be using all these. Depends when you're watching this video obviously, but I will be doing live updates, regular updates on my Tik Tok. So come and follow the journey there if you like. I will be obviously uploading the stuff here as well on YouTube. So major is going well, but yet again I've hit a bit of a wall. So um so yeah I've lost 67 68 lb but and it's going well. I mean if it's not the scale dropping then it's other things like visually and you know my clothes are too big and stuff like that. So but again to an additional peptide to it I've also bought I will be start using mossy and I will be using that like I said from tomorrow and specifically will be 1 mig on training days so as a sort of like pre-workout just to see what that's So that vial should last me about 4 and a half weeks. And once I finish that, I have tessamorin, which is an FDA approved, again, this is not medical advice, by the way, uh, peptide. And considering it's an FDA approved peptide, it helps eat away burn away visceral fat like the fat around sub southern belly fat, love handles, wrench, stuff around your organs, stuff like that. So, and because it is FDA approved, it's the most expensive one. And with my calculations, not 100%, but for now, we're looking at that vial also lasted me around 4 and a half weeks. So, I've literally just before I came out to do this video, I've reconstituted I think I think that's what it's called. So, basically mixed it and prepped it for tomorrow with my bacteria bacteriaatic water for tomorrow. So I've got MOSI prepped and ready. GHKCU ready. Tessa Morlin. No, that's going to stay untouched for another 4 and a half weeks. phase two, I've got 15 weeks to hit my target. I still have another 50 mig pen of Mjaro sitting in the fridge, which I'm getting close to using, but I'm only using half that. Minimum every six days, maximum every seven. So, let's go.

- Mounjaro Chaos: Eli Lilly Demands NHS Pay MORE… Or Leaves the UK 💉🇬🇧: Kind: captions Language: en So, there was an article that I read online about two weeks ago, and I'm quite surprised if no one's else has mentioned I've been meaning to do a video about this for a little while, but how basically the company that produces Rajaro, Eli Liy, they're basically in a way sort of blackmailing the NHS to basically increase slowly but increase the prices of Mjaro otherwise they'll stop funding money to the you know the UK government and stuff like that which is just It's just another kick in the ball to be honest because like it's expensive already. Luckily I started this just before the price hike back in September. Um they've taken away the golden dose which fair enough. A lot of people think it was only supposed to be four doses anyway which is understandable. um which I'm actually getting closer to reaching my current golden dose in my current pen. So I've not bought a pen for months and I still have a another 15 mig pen just sitting in the fridge. So I'm currently, like I said, using 7.5 millig. So I'm using like half as much So, as I'm using a 50 migram pen and I'm only using 7.5, that pen's lasting me minimum 8 weeks excluding the golden dose, right? So, you know, I'm trying to long it out as much as possible and haven't had the need to go over 7.5 to be honest. But again with again it costing so much money. It's just it's just annoying to be honest. I'll put I'll put the link of the article in the in the description to be honest cuz have a read for yourself. But it's just blackmail which has sort of making me think alternatives and been on my mind for a little while. And it's not to everyone's sort of need. And again, this is not medical advice whatsoever, but sort of like the gray market, you know, it's popping around and just don't be stupid with things. Do you know what I mean? But the price is the most important thing for me. I mean, I am getting closer to my target. That's the most important thing. But alternatives are available. And saying that um I think they've also just announced in the last week the pill version of variant of mangaro. I think it's called like funo or something like that. So it's not as strong obviously being a pill but it's an alternative and you would think having like another rival would sort of reduce the price of Mjaro but in instead it's going to go the other way around. It's going to go more expensive, but the more options you have, the the more expensive it gets, which is ridiculous. Should be the other way around, right? It's just greed. But that's just what's been mentioned the last few weeks in various articles. And again, I'm surprised no one else has mentioned it. I was going to do a video about this a little while ago, but I've just been so occupied with just focusing on myself, you know, but you know, that's it.

- Mounjaro Week 40 Update | 10.8kg To Go… Can I Finish in 15 Weeks?: Kind: captions Language: en 10.8 kilos in the next 15 weeks. That's the target. Reach it or beat it. That's the target. Welcome back everyone. Week 40 of my Mjara journey and it's just getting serious now. It's been going really, really well with not that many changes. A few, but nothing major this week. recomposition. I think that's what it's called. Like I've been eating good, heating my protein intake some days because the kids have been off, you know, we we've been busy and stuff like that. We've been going out and I still have been good, just not as good, you know, when you're out and about with the kids and making the most of it. And the weather's really nice as well, but it's it's been good training four times a week. I'm on the way to the gym now, as you know. Um, Sundays are leg days for me. Favorite body part, strongest body part. So, I go really, really hard and I'm and I'm getting way way stronger. So, my weakest body part actually shoulders. So, I do shoulders and arms or shoulders with whatever on Fridays. Hate them. Absolutely hate them. And then literally on Friday, so when I first started doing the, you know, the pull-ups or whatever they're called now with the assisted machine, you know, with the with the pin, I would struggle to do 14 kilos. Surely the last few weeks I've got a little bit stronger, fine. But major burn. I don't know what's happened this week. And literally it happened this week where on Wednesday I was doing back always do back and arms on Wednesdays again. So back and legs always when I'm able to have time to recover cuz biggest body part I get burned out big time. And I was doing my back and I just felt my strength like massively increase. And I'm not taking creatine. Like when I was taking creatine, yeah, sure, I expected that. But I mean, I do train consistently four times a week, but this week something just switched. I've got past that threshold that I was sort of averaging and I just felt really really good. come to Friday. Shoulders, arms, arms are getting there. Um, shoulders I hate, but it's one of the things you got to do. And I went up to like 41 kilos like with the pin. So, like I No way. And I easily did eight reps on 41 kilos. That is just mental for someone like me. One hates training them. to the weakest weakest body part and I struggled to do 14 kilos. I'm now doing 41 which is just mental lateral lazy lat lateral raise I think it's called. Anyway, just doing shoulders and stuff like that and fine and even chest I felt like my chest has really popped this week. So what's h I have no idea what happened but this week my performance and strength has massively increased dosage wise still 7.5 millig and yet again so I do every six days it was supposed to be on Friday but come Friday I just but even though I track everything and I'm quite quite detailed and structured. I think it's like the third week on the trot now, but it's come to injection day and I haven't had like the need to do it. So, I just did this yesterday morning, Saturday. And I have to admit on 7.5 milligrams, my my favorite dose by far with the boost and the tingling and the sensations and all that stuff. Yesterday I didn't actually feel it, which got me a bit concerned to be honest, but fine. Um, so I injected yesterday morning. Uh, had a good day at work. Really busy actually. It's been busy this week in general. Had my lunch. Usually I would like quite struggle with it, but you know, it went down well. Uh, came to dinner. That's when I wasn't really that hungry, but I just had half a spit roast chicken to be honest and some tadiki, homemade tazigi for love. And that's about it really. Um, I didn't really have that much. So, the dosage wise, yeah, so it should be every six days, but for some reason, 3 weeks straight now, I'm doing seven. Again, I don't need the need for it. out there. I feel like I'm dying for hungry or cravings, but food noise is down. So, that's been going quite well actually. So, gym's been going well, better than I expected, uh, dosage wise, consistently. And so, there was an article that I read online about two weeks ago, and I'm quite surprised that no one's else has mentioned it. I've been meaning to do a video about this for a little while, but how basically the company that produces Rajaro, Eli Lily, they're basically in a way sort of blackmailing the NHS to basically increase slowly but increase the prices of Mangaro otherwise they'll stop funding money to the UK government and stuff like that which is just it's Just another kick in the butt to be honest because like it's expensive already. Luckily I started this just before the price hike back in September. Um they've taken away the golden dose which fair enough. A lot of people think it was only supposed to be four doses anyway which is understandable. um which I'm actually getting closer to reaching my current golden dose in my current pen. So I've not bought a pen for months and I still have a another 15 mgram pen just sitting in the fridge. So I'm currently, like I said, using 7.5 mig. So I'm using like half as much As I'm using a 50 mig pen and I'm only using 7.5, that pen's lasting me minimum 8 weeks excluding the golden dose, right? So, you know, I'm trying to long it out as much as possible and haven't had the need to go over 7.5 to be honest. But again with again it costing so much money. It's just it's just annoying to be honest. I'll put I'll put the link of the article in the in the description to be honest cuz have a read for yourself. But it's just blackmail which has sort of making me think alternatives and it's been on my mind for a little while and it's not to everyone's sort of need and again it's not medical advice whatsoever but sort of like the gray market you know it's popping around and just don't be stupid with things. Do you know what I mean? But the price is the most important thing for me. I mean, I am getting closer to my target. That's the most important thing. But alternatives are available and saying that um I think they've also just announced in the last week the pill version of variant of mangaro. I think it's called like funo or something like that. So it's not as strong obviously being a pill but it's alternative and you would think having like another rival would sort of reduce the price of Mjaro but in instead it's going to go the other way around. It's going to go more expensive the more options you have the the more expensive it gets which is ridiculous. It should be the other way around, right? It's just greed. But that's just what's been mentioned the last few weeks in various articles. And again, I'm surprised no one else has mentioned it. I was going to do a video about this a little while ago, but I've just been so occupied with just focusing on myself, you know, but you know, that's it. My starting weight was 20 stone 12. an awful uncomfortable way. And the last few weeks at my lowest I was 16. So I have lost crazy amount of weight in short periods and then I sort of stalled like nothing happens which is fine because losing six pounds in one week it's let's be honest it is quite unhealthy. I don't know how it's happened, but it's dropped. And what is it now? Three or 4 weeks now. Since then, I weighed myself considering training has been good. Strength has increased. I'm I feel like not being like cocky or anything, but I feel fuller, like more vascular. Like I was doing arms and saw veins were popping out and I'm like, "All right, cool." Like this is this is good. Diet's been good. Training's been good. And I weighed myself and I put on 2 oz. So, not haven't lost and I technically have gained, but 2 ounces by whatever. It's like a burp. So, I've yet to lose any more weight for the third or fourth successive week, but and I'm not letting that get to me. Usually, a few months ago, started here, that would freak me out. But like I said, how far I've come. I got I've got 15 more weeks to do it, but I'm stronger. I'm I'm sort of leaner. Um, my clothes are baggier. So, technically, yes, I've not lost any more weight. The numbers haven't dropped. I mean, I literally I weighed myself and I just laughed. For sake, 2 oz. sake. Not out 2 oz down. I would have that would have that would have been better. But 2 oz up is what it is. Should go again next week. Try harder. See you then.

- 9 Months on Mounjaro… 28lbs LEFT 🤯 Final Phase Begins! 💉🔥: Kind: captions Language: en Nine months ago, I made a decision to change my life. And now in April, I'm getting closer, which means it's getting harder. I knew it. Which is fine. Just like anything, just carry on going. Consistency. What was that? If you haven't been following my journey, I've had many ups and downs and sort of in the middle again. Some sometimes I lose six pounds in one week and then I've I lose nothing. So my starting weight was 20 stone 12 up to the last point I lost weight I was just under just under five stone around 30 kilos. So when I lose weight, I somehow it just drops like it just like wow. So this is day number four of training. I only do weights and strength is progressing nicely. I'm not overloading. I'm not over pushing myself. I'm not pushing myself to exhaustion completely because I'm not competing. I'm just a normal guy just trying to become a better version of myself without getting injured cuz if I get injured then what's the point? Food wise everything's been going well. Fasting has been going well as well. Like uh I want to say Friday I did 21hour fast. not just happened to be 21 hours and yesterday I did like 17. So it can fluctuate depending on the day 100% but food's been good. Um training has been on point. I'm walking to the gym yet again. Now dosage wise last week I went from so I'm definitely increasing much faster than I expected I think because it's getting closer not necessarily going up makes it that much more effective but don't know I think it's psychological so I am 7.5 mg yet again. I did it yesterday morning. Funny thing is um I was actually due on Friday and I do it every six days finished the gym. I was getting ready going to work and somehow even I got like the notification on my app. I just you know whatever then think about it. I didn't feel the need of it. So, I just made my day. Friday was good. Pretty busy. And yesterday morning, I thought, "Right, okay, let's let's let's do it." So, I've gone from 6 days back to 7 because I just didn't need the need of it. Maybe because 7.5 milligrams clearly is obviously suppressing things. So yeah, I took it yesterday, yesterday morning. Felt great to be honest. I struggled to finish my lunch. I struggled to finish my dinner, which wasn't much. Um, with Easter, I'm beneficial. I've got three young kids and surrounded by chocolate, Easter eggs, and just various other things. I haven't had a thing. I haven't had the need. Go back 12 months ago. There'll be nothing left. 100%. And there's things that I really really want, like badly want. It's like this chocolate, white chocolate, chocolate, milk chocolate, white chocolate pistachio thing, Easter egg. And I see it everywhere I go, like all over social media, stuff like that. and I'm craving for it, but I'm not. Like even when I'm in the supermarket and I and I'm near just that is the power of this of killing food noise. So I weighed myself. So dosage wise has been it's been great. Appetite suppression has been amazing. Training has been really good. I'm way stronger this week than I was last week. Not by much, but yet stronger doing those extra reps with those extra kilos on top and I've not lost weight again, which just just carry on going. It's happened before and I'm not getting too cocky thinking, okay, cool, I'm going to lose light at six, seven pounds. It doesn't work like that. But it's happened twice before, so who knows? So, I'll just carry on going and just see what happens.

- Mounjaro Side Effect After 67lbs Loss?! 🤯: Kind: captions Language: en So last week, the weirdest thing, and I genuinely mean the weirdest thing that's ever happened to me. So I train four times a week and I try and hit every single body part there is weight wise. So I like today now walking to the gym and I considering I'm, you know, this is the only card that I do is going for a walk really walking to the gym. Um, I save legs for Sundays. One, legs is my favorite body part to train. I have the my for me my strongest body parts there is on me. Love training that always on my day off cuz in case I get a burnout, like at least it's Sunday, I get to sort of try and take it easy. So, I'm doing my legs as usual. Getting stronger. Not overdoing it, but I'm getting there. And came to I think second to last. I'm doing leg press again. I'm doing quite well. And it's just a straight. There's a vertical one like 45°. That was I just did the straight one. Anyway, starting weight 80 kilos. Pushing it. Great. Okay. fine. And then as as I'm progressing, I'm not even joking. I I was I pushed and I felt my stomach fold in half and I thought I I bust something. I I genuinely I nearly [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] myself. I'm in the gym. I got my headphones and I had to like after literally one up bang. The [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is that? Oh my god. I'm looking like I thought I bust. I'm not I don't know. So, um, so you remember a couple of weeks ago I did say that I'm sort of I'm starting to sag. I'm losing the weight and I don't even see that. That was never there before. Like don't know what that is. Again, I got more weight to lose, but that's that's saggy, right? Never had that ever anyway. And then I'm sagging around and then my stomach folded in half like a back flip and I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] myself and I did what I mean I wasn't in pain and whatever. I got up. I checked myself. I make sure I didn't rupture burst. What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] was that? Anyway, so I did what most people do these days straight onto the internet. I used Google and obviously AI and I first was like go to the hospital and stuff like that. I'm not in pain, you know, still typing. I don't know what to type. I just like my stomach folded and they're like I mean if I still got the screenshots I put it up here and they basically reassured me like oh it makes sense cuz you've lost weight and stuff like that and it's called something and I'm like what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] My stomach's folding in half now. Like I got this thing going on there. I got saggy triceps now. Oh god. Okay, cool.

- 67lbs Down & 33.3% To Go… Then This Happened 🤯 (Mounjaro week 38): Kind: captions Language: en How's it going everyone? Welcome back to the channel to week 38 on my Marjara journey. So, it's just getting closer. It really is getting closer to that target. While doing these calculations for my video, I've literally realized I have 33.3% left of my target to reach, which means I've hit 66 or or lost 66.7% of my target in less than nine months. So last week I lost yet again another six pounds which was unreal. So if you haven't watched the other last few videos, I've just been slowly slowly getting there. I've had a few ups and downs. When I've been down, I've been really down. What I've had up, I've had up, you know. Um, I lost 12 pounds in two weeks. Then I lost nothing for three weeks. Then put on a couple of pounds. Of course, I did from that 12 loss to only Yeah. So put on two pounds from that whole pound loss, then end up on losing last week a further six pounds in total. So yet again hit my yet lowest weight which is which was 16 stone. So at the very beginning of this journey, one I would have never imagined to be the way that I am now in less than 9 months. No way. Because let's be honest, it's it's not magic. You know, you have to put work into anything that you do. And I genuinely do that. I've done multiple things trying to achieve that. Whether I've been Well, I actually did do I think 136 days straight of intermittent fasting, which for me was working great and still is working great to be honest. It's just I just find it quite easy. Basically, just sort of skip breakfast and sort of maybe even lunch sometimes. So dosages slowly slowly progressing back up. Why? Because so when I was on three 7.5 milligs, I lost the most amount of weight. Considering I've been on that since September, something crazy like that. Reseted because I had a little stall when not um when I didn't lose any weight. So few weeks ago, a few months ago, restarted. So 2.5 milligrams, working myself back up and I did do 3 3.75 for a little while. And considering I've never been on that, it was actually working quite well. Losing weight, not as effective, but you know, getting on with it. Slowly progressing. Went back up to 5 millig, which was so much more noticeable. So, if you remember, I did mention that I've had a lot going on lately, you know, party wise and just busy mom and stuff like that. A lot a lot of going out which, you know, when you're on something like this, you're not as social, you know what I mean? Like, it's quite awkward. I I find. Anyway, I'd love to know about you guys. So, for example, you know, I had went out for a party last week. I actually went out twice. I went Saturday night and Sunday. again really busy and it's just just the whole eating and drinking and you know it can be quite uncomfortable when I did I did personally find it a little bit on the uncomfortable side because I only like this for ages because I don't know it's just it's difficult you know when everyone's normal and you're sitting there and you're I don't know I just I don't know I think only people on joy ones would understand something like this. Anyway, so I enjoyed myself as much as I could and then Monday morning from from Monday anyway I got sofa blocks back. I mean again I didn't try to like limit myself as or exclude myself as I have had from a good while but I did have a bit more food that I'm used to and genuinely that Monday morning comes and something I've not had since Boxing Day. suffer bits. Not nowhere near as bad. Don't get me wrong. But wow. Like that's that's basically just eating more than you can chew, right? And obviously GP1's slowing down your digestive tract and stuff like that. So my obviously I've eaten more than I'm used to and then my body's trying to pro process that or slow that down. So yeah, Monday and Tuesday I had was at work and I had the occasional very subtle but my god nowhere near as bad as when I did that um 12.5 mg golden dose for Christmas cuz again my first Christmas of so I didn't uh I didn't know want to overdo it. I was worried. And I was just working myself up. And then when I had that, oh my god, like burping for 4 days straight. Like absolutely disgusting. My wife didn't even want me in the house. Anyway, so dosage. So I've done a 5 mgram dose for the last few weeks. And honestly, you know what? Jumping up, you notice the difference. It feels so much better. It really, really does. And yet again, I've got something else coming up this weekend. And you know what? I just I'm getting close to my target. And I think the closer you get, the harder it gets. Like at the beginning, losing weight is amazing because you've never done anything like this before. And then it's falling off and you know, you got ups and downs and whatever. like I said before, my seven my favorite dosage or most effective so far considering it's just under 9 months, which is just crazy, was the 7.5 mil. And I had that for a long, long time. So yesterday came to my injection and rather than sticking with the 5 mil I thought you know what I got something else coming up got another party and I was kind of torn between should I should I thought you know what go for it so I went from five to 7.5 and you know what wow like again my favorite one cuz I get all my favorite symptoms coming back. That's how Nate is working. I'd love to know about your experiences by the way. But um so I took the 7.5 mil literally 24 hours ago now. Just before work was getting ready, I injected and then within no time I get the boost sensation which I absolutely love. That's how I knew it stopped working for me at the start of the year. So anyway, so I got that back and all day I've had the sort of medicinal taste in my throat and again I just that pressure that built up that mjaro kick whatever you want to call it. It's all working and you know what came to my ending my fast and because I was busy at work and I was going to be busy I thought you know what eat now cuz I'm not going to get a chance even I wasn't that hungry I was bit bit hungry anyway and it's not like a massive meal or anything so I just finished my intermittent fasting just over 16 hours cuz it's sort of like now and never and man I couldn't even finish [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] But that's the first time in a long time I couldn't finish my lunch. Again, I wasn't that hungry. But again, that's it making you full and doing everything you should be doing right and fine. Trying to obviously hit my macros with my my protein and everything. And just like honestly, it's been 24 hours and I still feel I still feel full now. like mental came to dinner and I struggle to finish it again. I I have a struggle to finish like it's a lot of food anyway, but like wow like this dosage for me is the one 7.5 mil works for me perfectly. So last week, the weirdest thing, and I genuinely mean the weirdest thing that's ever happened to me. So I train four times a week and I try and hit every single body part there is weight wise. So I like today now walking to the gym and I considering I'm, you know, this is the only card that I do is going for a walk really walking to the gym. Um, I save legs for Sundays. One legs is my favorite body part to train. I have the my for me the my strongest body parts there is on me. Love training that always on my day off cuz in case I get a burnout like at least it's Sunday I get to sort of try and take it easy. So, I'm doing my legs as usual. Getting stronger. Not overdoing it, but I'm getting there. And came to I think second to last. I'm doing leg press again. I'm doing quite well. And it's just a straight. There's a vertical one like 45°. That was I just did the straight one. Anyway, starting weight 80 kilos. Pushing it. Great. Okay. fine. And then as as I'm progressing, I'm not even joking. I I was I pushed and I felt my stomach fold in half and I thought I I bust something. I I genuinely I nearly [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] myself. I'm in the gym. I've got my headphones and I had to like after literally one up bang. The [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is that? Oh my god. I'm looking like I thought I bust. I'm not I don't know. So, um, so you remember a couple of weeks ago I did say that I'm sort of I'm starting to sag. I'm losing the weight. And I don't see that. That was never there before. Like don't know what that is. Again, I got more weight to lose, but that's that's saggy, right? Never had that ever anyway. And then I'm sagging around and then my stomach folded in half like a back flip and I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] myself and I did what I mean I wasn't in pain and whatever. I got up. I checked myself making sure I didn't rupture burst. What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] was that? Anyway, so I did what most people do these days straight onto the internet. I used Google and obviously AI and I first was like go to the hospital and stuff like that. I'm not in pain, you know, still typing. I don't know what to type. I just like my stomach folded and they're like I mean if I still got the screenshots I put it up here and they basically reassured me like oh it makes sense cuz you've lost weight and stuff like that and it's called something and I'm like what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] My stomach's folding in half now. Like I got this thing going on there. I got saggy triceps now. Oh my god. Okay, cool. So starting weight was 20 stone 12. I hate it every time I have to say this. Absolutely awful. And that was like the last straw for me to just just change. And like I said, I've had many ups and downs in this bloody journey. Some amazing, some absolutely mental gymnastics going on as well. Put me down and lost 6.6 lb. Sorry. So, I lost 6 lb last week. And again, I knew this would happen. It's just like unbelievable. So, I weighed myself this week again. been really good and all that training, getting stronger, getting fitter, and I've not lost anything. Of course, I haven't. It's just weird. Like, I lose. I think it was if I was losing a pound a week, I'd be buzzing, right? Because somehow I go from nothing to like 150%. And then, you know, but the body can't keep losing that much weight. I'm not I'm not running. I'm not starving myself like I used to. I'm not, you know, I'm just eating healthier, making better decisions, training as as much as and as I can. I'm just taking it from there really. Um, so I am 16 stone. So, I did look into this, which again me this less than 9 months ago. I I ripped your hand off. My new clothes don't fit, which is just it's just starting to annoy me now. So, I've just decided to stop buying new clothes because my target, never thought I'd say this, was to be was to reach my personal best, which was 14 stone when I was like 21. But if I could beat that to whatever. Unbelievable. So I was doing the calculations. So from my starting weight to 14 stone, I've only got well I say only, but I've got 33.3% left to lose. So it's Sunday the 28th, I think. 29th right now. So, it's April on Wednesday. So, that means I have three months to try and lose two more stone. If I could do that, if I can beat that, over the moon. Also, if you can like, subscribe, and follow. I'm also on Tik Tok as well. I mean, I try and post different things on there. Sometimes I do try and post sort of different content that I can do on YouTube for different reasons. yeah, that's about it really. I'll catch you in the next one.

- 67lbs Down in 8 months… Even My NEW Clothes Are Too Big?!: Kind: captions Language: en went to a party last night, 60th, and so a few weeks ago, I bought myself some jeans, right? I don't know if you watch this. So, I've been at the beginning of my journey, I was a very uncomfortable size 40, like tight as well. Obviously, started losing weight, things became a bit looser, more comfortable, etc. So, the fact that they're like too big now obviously and I bought um a size down. I don't want to get too cocky or anything like that cuz I have lost weight. Fine. So, I bought a size 38 without trying. Next size down, right? Tried them too big. Okay. No way. Return them again without trying. Next size down. size 36. There's there's no way I'm a size 36, but you know, I might be close to it. Fine. And I got size 36 and it's like, wow, they're like really comfortable. Like a little bit on the looser side. Fine, whatever. Again, this is only like maximum a few weeks ago, right? Maximum one month ago. And so I've been wearing one of them. And last night we went out to the party, got dressed, and I actually didn't know what to wear. And then I remembered, oh yeah, I got my new jeans and two of them haven't put on yet. Put them on. And I put the picture on now with, by the way, my favorite shirt. Nice silk blue shirt. And it's just too big. Like my favorite shirt is too big now. And I'm actually gutted. I I I genuinely have to start buying new clothes. I mean, I know I've been on this for so long, but I don't want to get too cocky to whatever because I have lost weight before and then end up putting more back on. So those clothes, you know, so I didn't want to do that mistake again. I've learned my mistake way too many times. So the fact that this size these new jeans are now like very loose in like a month and then my favorite shirt is too [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] big. I genuinely have to start buying new clothes, like more clothes. I've only bought a few things. So, three pairs of jeans. My new coat, which is massive on me now. And then, yeah, my favorite my favorite clothes now are too big for me. So, my favorite gray out jeans are massive. I mean, it just looks stupid. It looks like I'm something from like an 80s rap video with the oversized clothes. It just looks absolutely ridiculous. And I'm not even done yet. I got best case three more son to lose.

- I Lost 12lbs in 2 weeks… Then NOTHING for 3 Weeks (Mounjaro Week 37 Update): Kind: captions Language: en How's it going everyone? Welcome back to week 37. So, I lost 12 pounds in two weeks. Mental amount of weight without affecting my performance in the gym whatsoever. And I have to stress that that's never dropped. The strongest I got obviously was when I was stacking my pre-workout and my creatine for a month. That was just great. But the only drawback with that is I gained a pound a week for three weeks straight. You know what? Right now, and I'm getting closer to my target, which I can't believe, be honest. It's not worth me adding those extra pounds. I don't care about that. But my strength in the gym has not dropped. This is going to be my fourth workout. So I train now Mondays, Wednesdays, Fridays, Sundays. That's my current routine. Beautiful day. Doing my little walk now for this video on the way to the gym. Train legs and then we'll go again tomorrow. So dosage 5 milligrams. That's going well. And I'm actually due today actually. Um, I don't know how I'm going to do it because like I said, going gym and then I'm got out for dinner tonight. So, do I inject after the workout or enjoy myself cuz it's a birthday party as well. Inject tonight maybe. So, weight didn't lose weight for 3 weeks. and go back a little while ago. This would affect me and it's like the whole world is against me. Going great to be honest. Just stuck with it. 5 milligrams training good high protein. You know, eating healthy is not complicated. You don't have to be a Michelin star chef. Whack something together, a couple of ingredients and job done. And one day I did like 201 g of protein, which is just like great. I mean, that's probably the most that I think I've had while scanning and weighing and all that without going over my calories either, to be honest. So, like I said, I didn't lose weight for three weeks straight. Last Sunday was Mother's Day. Had my workout. Went out for dinner. Took my mother-in-law and wife out. Had a good meal. Nothing too much. Just, you know, a meal. Wedded myself Monday morning. And from not losing any weight or gaining any weight. 3 weeks. with myself Monday morning put on two pounds fine is what it is right again my legs feel a bit tense so there's that there's the fact that you know had dinner and that's it I've weighed myself this morning so let's recap started at 20 stone 12 my lowest what 3 weeks ago 4 weeks ago yeah because anyway my lowest before I didn't my weight change not affecting me was 228 lb which is 16 stone 4 on top of the world getting closer to my target which I mean my target was say 14 stone if I can beat my personal best which was that obviously top of the world honestly like wow and that will be in July when I'm flying away hopefully. So, I weighed myself Monday, two pounds up, weighed myself this morning, and I am now 16 stone. So, I've shifted 4 lbs. Like, from not so from not losing weight for 3 weeks to putting on two lbs Monday morning to losing sorry 6 lb 6 lb from Monday, but whatever that may be. But 228 to 230 down to 224.8. eight. Like, wow. Um, yeah, it's just And you know what? I'm not doing anything complicated. I'm just eating healthier. Not running. I'm not doing cardio. I'm not doing anything mental. Going to the gym. Moing some weight. And that's it, you know. and um ask me this eight months ago, I would not believe you.

- 36 Weeks on Mounjaro – My Honest Results (Before & After): Kind: captions Language: en How's it going everyone? Welcome back to the channel. 8 and a half months on Mjaro, week 36. It's flying by. And you know what? It is beautiful today. So, the 15th, Mother's Day. Got a lot going on this month. When I first started, I never thought I'd be in this situation or lost the amount of weight that I have. Like, never in a million years. And honestly, losing this this amount hasn't even scratched the surface because at one point I did I did pause quite a bit and he annoyed me. But it's actually just instead of stopping me, it's just made me try harder, you know, and it's not easy. And for anyone who's not on this, it's not just an injection and that's it. You really, really have to work with it with anything. And losing the amount of weight that I have is no joke. To be honest, I never want to put myself in that situation again because I was looking at some pictures only from Christmas when even then I thought that was my best at that point. No, even from now it's only 3 months ago, right? So, uh, dosage wise, I have been on 3.75 mil for around a month. And up to last week, out of nowhere, food noise like creeping in. And I didn't mind it last week at the beginning because, you know, it's been a while, right? But after a while, it got annoying. So when it came to me injecting, and I do it every six days. And for me, that just works. I decided to increase from 3.75 to 5. It's like a sense of relief, you know, that just like extra little bit. Nice. Now I have a big month coming up. So, as I said, um, so today, Mother's Day, I'm taking my wife and mother-in-law out. My mom lives abroad, so I can't I can't obviously do that. Happy Mother's Day, by the way, to everyone watching right now. I have quite a few parties as well this week. So, I do want to try my best and look my best, which means try and lose more weight, right? I'm actually even I've been on for eight months, I'm quite new to that sort of dosage. My longest and most effective dosage on the whole the whole time I've been on this is uh 7.5 milligrams. And that's more or less since obviously the third month, right? I really went over that. I did maybe once or twice uh using a golden dose but apart from that 7.5 milligrams all day long. So 5 millig and you know what just ticked everything that I needed to. I mean, I'm sure it won't be long until I do go up, but we'll see how it goes. So, gym, I train, well, try to, let's be honest. Uh, try to train four times a week, fasted, early hours in the morning. Just my preference. And I love doing it before work as well. Just sets me for the day, you know. So, Monday morning, set the alarm on after being battered on Sunday and I missed it. I missed my alarm. I didn't train, which is not the end of the world. Um, made up for it on Wednesday. Made up for it on Friday, which I'm feeling right now. Chest and eyes. Basically, even with not using creatine for a little while now, my strength hasn't dropped, hasn't increased either, but hasn't dropped. So, performance in the gym, it's going really well. Endurance has has definitely dropped big time. But, um, just doing what I can and yeah, that's that's actually going quite well. So, I've covered the dosage, covered gym, nutrition wise. I've started to use collagen, protein. Um I I've noticed since um in the last couple of weeks especially as I've lost the amount of weight that I have lost while being on the jarro something new's happened and I've gone a bit saggy to be honest which is actually really irritating. So, I mean, I've always had a double chin because I've always been, you know, big and stuff like that, but the way that I've lost, it's not obviously a double chin anymore, but it's this. What's that? We've never had that before. And literally in in the last week or two, it's actually become way more visible. So, um, that's annoying. So, week 36 weighin. A few weeks ago, I lost 12 lbs in two weeks, which was just mental. I didn't expect that. Since then, oh, last week, weighed myself. Same amount of weight. So not gained, not lost, maintained it fine. I was 16 stone 4 two weeks ago. Last week 16 stone 4 again nothing's changed. This week uh trying my best again like I feel sore like my chest and all that. So training's been it's been good. Diet's been good. I say diet, it's just eating healthier, right? Um weighed myself. Well, so I was 20 stone 12 when I first started and I've weighed myself and I am still 16 stone full. So I have gone up from 3.75 to 5 mg. Felt way better even though that that little bit genuinely made a big difference. Killed food noise. It's just just more effective. Right. And I haven't shifted anything again. You know what? So this is my third week now of not losing any weight. Not one ounce. before I lost 12 pounds or potentially the start of the year, that would have really wound me up big time. But again, you know what? I lost 12 lb in 2 weeks. So, if that never happened and I was averaging a couple of pounds a week, I still probably wouldn't be would have lost 12 pounds so far. So, I'm thinking a bit more positive again. My strength hasn't dropped. So, I'm doing quite well in the gym. I'm eating healthier. Intermittent fasting is still going strong. One thing I I have started doing just because I have something going on with me right now. I won't get into it. Um, I've got some um antibiotics and which means I have to take it with with say breakfast which is something that I don't obviously have cuz I do intermittent fasting. I more or less skip breakfast and you know even lunch anyway. So what I started doing to make it a bit more effective and actually has happened to be honest as well. Um my non-training days as in today I technically have something just so I can take my antibiotics. So uh nothing major. I'm not you know having to fry up or anything like that. But after my workout, I basically start started having my protein shake with my adding collagen, bit of milk as well. And I think recovery is improved as well.

- How My Mounjaro Dose Is Only Costing Me £12 a Week Update (Micro-Dosing Explained): Kind: captions Language: en How's it going everyone? Welcome back to the channel. My weekly injections of 50 migram pen is only costing me £12 a week. It's actually less than £12 a week. It's been a few months since I last ordered my Majora Pen and it's actually still sitting there. So, um I always try and restock when I can. I'm currently using 50 milligram pens and have been doing that for quite a few months. Out of that, I'm only using 3.75 milligrams. So, I'm using one pen and I got another pen from the last provider, IQ Doctor, which I have £40 off for that, by the way, and various others. Up to £100 off to be honest. Yeah. So, it's been a couple of months since I last ordered my last pen. Um, which again, this is the one after I'm using now. And um, cuz if you go too long in between ordering pens, they start asking questions and start being funny and awkward and all that stupid stuff. And the worst case scenario from say my current pen size which is 15 mil. If you go too long in between injections or ordering they want you to like restart at the beginning which is obviously 2 2.5 ms which is an utter con to be honest. Uh, I wonder why people are looking into the gray market and buying stronger, more effective and cheaper, you know, as in reta. And it's getting way way more common. Again, it's been a few months since I last order a pen. Ordered a pen, sorry. I started looking into it and started doing the math. How? So, the last time I ordered the pen, it cost me £228, which again, you know, just sitting in the fridge. But out of that, I'm using a £3.75 mig, which is basically a quarter of the size. So, in theory, it's lasting me like 17 weeks, something like that. I did all the math anyway, so I'll put it on the screen. So again, the last time I bought the pen, it was £228. So by that logic, per current injection, it's costing me £1140

- 8 Months on Mounjaro… I LOST 4.8 STONE 🤯: Kind: captions Language: en How's it going everyone? Welcome back to the channel. Eight months on Mjaro. It was actually 8 months last week and just been so much going on lately. I was just going week by week and only when I sat down I was like, "Oh my god, wow. Okay, cool. That's gone quick." So first week of a uh March, wow, just like ridiculous for the time goes. So two weeks ago, I had my biggest weight loss drop. One a a weight loss drop because at one point I was just like plateaued and all that. Nothing was happening, freaking out and everything. Then I lost 5.6 pounds. And then which something has been on my mind for a little while. I wanted to do the sardine fast and I vlogged everything. So if you haven't checked it out, if you're interested, that is anyway. Uh that's a proper boring way to lose weight, but did that. So only sardines for 5 days and I lost 6.4 lb, which is just like mental. So in 2 weeks I lost 12 lb which is just like a astonishing amount of weight. So again from not losing any weight for weeks actually gaining weight which is just like hilarious. I gained three lbs in 3 weeks which is just pissing me off every time I was thinking about it to just shifting 12 lb. So yes, I did stop the creatine ages ago and things have only gone better for me ever since. And again, I'm not trying to demonize that cuz I will definitely be using that cuz the benefits in the gym will lie. Ridiculous. I'm getting closer to my target. Well, was so I'm flying away in July. One marking the one year anniversary of me being on it and two flying away. So, I just want to carry on doing what I'm doing, trying to shift as much as I can, get closer to my target. That's what it's all about. So, when I first started, and I can't believe I've been getting this wrong for 7 months, I kept saying I was 20 stone 9. I was actually wrong because uh last week when I was doing my, you know, so I can calculate how much weight I've lost in total for the video, it just wasn't adding up. And I thought, right, let's just figure out what I've done wrong. And I wasn't 20 stone 9. It was actually 20 stone 12, which is just like absolutely I know it's only£3 more, but it's just like£3 worse than I thought I was. So closer to 21 stone which is just like terrible. So my starting weight was 20 stone 12. And then again shifting 12 lb in those two weeks I was 16 stone four which is just like about the lightest I've I've been in 10 15 years. Definitely more than 10. I know that because my son's going to turn 11 this year and I very certain I bet my life I was actually nowhere near that when I had him. So that's that. So yeah, about 15 years say so yeah I was in my 20s which is mental. So my current dose I still am on a 3.75 migram pen. Sorry, I'm using a 50 mgram pen, but I'm still using 3.75 milligrams. And again, the first two weeks were going well. Lost weight. Then I did the sardine fast, lost more weight, everything clicking, everything working perfectly well. Since then, I've not lost any weight. And especially the last few days. So get I I inject every 6 days food noises come back a little bit and not had that for a long long while. I don't know if it's just like whatever. Yeah. Do you know? I'm not going to lie. I've enjoyed myself. Even like last night we had a little movie night. No kids. Just chilled and just had some snacks and whatever. had a really nice dinner actually really really nice dinner my wife made and then watched the film ironically it's called the substance it's got me thinking like you know with everything gray market and all that stuff I was watching I was like wow it's a bit closer to home you know had some snacks whatever watched the film and I weighed myself and I've not lost any more weight which is fine it's understandable again I've not really felt this this week kick in but I've not gained any more weight so that's fine. So I'm just like that consistent sort of level and again I have been on so my next injection is on Tuesday and that'll be my fourth 3.75 mg injection we'll we'll take it how it goes by then again. I'm thinking maybe jump up to five milligrams. Maybe. I don't know. I try and hold out one more week on the same dose before increasing cuz everything's well again. I've noticed uh the food noise definitely the last few days. There's nothing wrong with it. It's it's nice to feel normal, you know. It's really important. And so yeah, so either way, recap. Going well. Food noise has come back a little bit. Not gained any more weight. 3.75 mg. Yeah, it's about really 8 months has gone quick.

- The Result Shocked Me 🤯... Eating ONLY Sardines for 5 Days on Mounjaro…: Kind: captions Language: en How's it going everyone? Welcome back. So, this is my 5day review of the sardine fast. Now, I actually uploaded my vlogs and I made them all in one video, so you can just check them out here. Um, just a dayto-day vlogging of literally. And I didn't go into the to the review of it cuz I want to sort of like break it up a little bit. So the week before I started the sardine fast, I had my biggest weight loss drop so far while I'm doing mangaro. So yes, I am doing mjaro. um on my non-training days like today right now I go keto ketogenic which I love and I've been currently intermittent fasting for around 133 34 days successfully as well it's just a personal pref preference um I'm a big fan of it one never really been a breakfast person anyway two you have smaller eating window which in theory sort of like try and consume less berries. Sardine fast. So, originally when I first heard about it, it was um up to 3 days, I say 3 days of pure sardines, tin sardines, uh either spring water or olive oil. Olive oil all day long cuz you get uh it's more dense, isn't it really? Um in olive oil, which is great for you anyway, and it's more flavorful. So, uh, I don't drink tea and I don't and I don't drink coffee anyway. So, I basically just water or just like electrolytes. So, for me, this all works perfectly. It's everything that I love. I love sardines anyway. I've never had, you know, more than say two two tins, you know, for lunch. And I come from the Mediterranean anyway, so I'm used to fish quite a bit. So, Monday to Friday, that was my target. And again, I've vlogged everything. So, you can see that separately. Um, so I told my wife about it. She thought I was mad. I told my friends about it who I work with. They know I'm mad anyway. So, that nothing changed. And again, every time I I just eat sardines or something healthy, they po it stinks. And, you know, have a bit of banter. So um many me would do it more to be honest. Obviously the benefits are are supposed to be amazing. So I do keto anyway intermittent fasting obviously a bit of mangjaro. So set myself a target and I suck with it or if I could do so Monday I had cuz again I'm only going to eat sardines so I don't know how many I'm I need to have. So, usually I never have more than two tins for lunch when I end my fast. I um I had four tins cuz just don't know. And honestly, that was overkill. Like I've doubled it and I could I couldn't even finish it to be honest. So, I added the remaining 50 g to my dinner and I think I only had one tin that night, Monday night. Again, it's all on the vlog anyway, so you can go and check it out. I cut the long story short, I lost in 5 days and I did train as well in the middle of it. And because I was only on sardine fuel, I guess I didn't overdo it in the gym because again, I don't know how I was going to feel. I had a I had a good workout. So that would have been midweek. So I'm assuming that would have been back and buys and stuff like that. again got stronger. I didn't overdo it cuz again, I don't know how I'm going to feel and I've only got sardines to eat afterwards. By the end of the week, I lost 6.4 lb on sardines. So, there's two things to take away from that. It is the easiest and most boring way to lose weight. So, I don't drink tea and I don't drink coffee. So, it's just water, which is great for me. I all I did was season my sardines. So, my go-to cuz I like a bit of spicing, a bit of a kick to it as well, is bird's eye chili and a bit of paprika. Uh, pink Himalayan salt again, extra sort of electrolytes and and taste and pepper. Few common seasons. Um, for 5 days. Honestly, that was I did air fry a couple of times. That would have been for dinner, not at work. Definitely not. It just worked. It worked seamlessly. Would I do it again? Yes. I actually did have sardines for the first time since my fast sardine fast. Uh what's today? Friday. So, it would have been Thursday. Thursday. Yeah. So, today's Sorry, today's Saturday. So, yeah, I had it on Thursday and I I did I only had back to my two tins and homemade ziki. So, a bit more of a protein boost as well. Greek yogurt. Beautiful. Um, would I do it again? 100%. I mean, since then, I've been maintaining, doing well. I've not weighed myself. I don't think I've wait I've lost any more weight what whatsoever. I don't feel like I have anyway but it's the easiest cheapest way to lose weight but without a doubt the most boring way as well. So if you can go past that the blandness the smell I mean that's sardines is not something you can overeat which is clearly impossible. So, with me doing my fast, intermittent fast with my sardine fast and just electrolyte drink, you're on to a winner without a doubt.

- ⚠️💉 It’s Official… No More Mounjaro Golden Dose!: Kind: captions Language: en How's it going everyone? Welcome back to the channel. Yesterday I got an email from one of the prescribers um that apparently from April 26, so only well next month, let's be honest. Um the new Muro pen is coming out and I literally had no idea. I just I just saw the headline. and I just I just left it. And then um I went back into it later on when I had a bit more time to to look into it. And it's basically how I heard I heard about this like a year ago, how they're going to redesign the pen to get rid of the leftover, you know, which basically is the golden dose, right? Um, now I don't know about you cuz a lot of people out there don't want to or ever wanted to use that because they don't feel safe, which is understandable because this is not something that's recommended. And this is not medical advice, but um, I've been doing it since I've more or less started. Um to be to be to be honest actually when I first started back in July I I don't know just for some reason I left my first two pens so in the fridge. So uh 2.5 and 5 mil were empty up apart from the go do cuz I wasn't sure if I was ever going to do that and then once I was a lot more confident in myself and progress was happening while taking Mjaro then I was like okay well I'm going to try that. So, I got some needles uh and I did extract that and I've not looked back since. So, the fact that I've been on this for 8 months now and more or less I guess have been doing the golden dose for the last 6 months, you know. So, uh I'm going to put it on the screen now where they basically compare the current existing pen to the new modified pen. So basically from what I understand the plunger sits a lot deeper and as it nears the top obviously there's nothing left. There isn't supposed to be anything left in the first place. So again um no more gold than do. So basically in this email was basically uh there's going to be a shortage. Of course there is. It's going to cause panic buying. people going to go mad. And that's basically it of the Golden Dose, right? So, the funny thing is I've got like a box of needles just sitting there and I'm going to be stuck with. But, you know, I can always like use them to take it out of the pen anyway. That's you're not going to but literally I have a pen of like 100 needles just sitting there, which is just like the funniest thing ever. So, will you be stocking up? Uh, have you ever used the Golden Dose? You know, let me know. I'd love to know what is going on everyone's minds. Um, so my current status with the pens is um I'm currently using again uh 15 mgram pens, but I'm only using 3.75 mil. Again, it's not a medical device, just something that I'm currently doing. three 3.75 injections on the on uh on the bounce now. Um going going all right. Um not sure when I'll be going back up to five again, but um so yes, I got 150 mig I'm currently using and I got another one from my previous proper just just just sitting there to be honest. Um, and the reason why I was actually looking around anyway is because again, I've not I don't think I've ordered the pen since at least January. So, it's been a couple of months, which again, I haven't used. So, I don't want to go too far in between gaps for them to be asking questions like, "Why has it been so long and stuff like that?" cuz I've heard from a lot of people online if you go too long in between whatever you you guys are doing or we are doing um they want you to basically restart from whatever you're on say 15 mil pen 2.5 so you're back to the beginning again which is just like it's a utter con uh to be honest I mean I wonder why people are using you know the gray market and you know something that's been on my mind you know, the reta stuff and you know, stuff like that. But again, for me, it's going well. so yeah. Um, that's it. No more go and do as of next month.

- Saving Money on Mounjaro — Does a Smaller Dose Make More Sense?: Kind: captions Language: en Is it worth buying a 50 mgram pen even if you're not using it? So, I have been on Mora for 35 weeks now. Eight months, which has just flown by. It was actually 8 months from my last video, which you didn't even notice. It's just gone so quick. So, I'm currently using a not medical advice cuz it doesn't even exist really. A 3.75 milligrams dose. I actually injected myself this morning, which is was which is my sixth day. Um, I mean, you can basically click up to any amount that you like. I think I'm on 3 weeks straight on using 3.75 millig. It's going well. It's going all right. Anyway, so the whole point of this video is even though I am not using clearly not using say over five milligs at the moment, why am I still using a 50 mig pen? Well, to be honest, you know what? I think it's just worth it if you can afford to buy the pen in the first place. So, I've gone online. Actually, before I get into that, two people have used my referral codes this week. So, thank you very much. Uh, one got 100 off from using Newman who I've used back in I want to say November, October, something like that. And someone called Anley has used my £50 referral code from Red Express. So, thank you very much. Um, I got various referral codes. You know, you can save from like minimum 15 all the way to £100 off your next pen. So, just ask Anyway, so excluding codes, the I went online, the cheapest current 50 milligram dose is 266. Now I've paid nowhere near that. Never have had again with all my codes and stuff like that. Even though I am on 3.75 out of a 15 milligram pen, like it's averaging something like at the moment anyway before I'm ready to go up. Um £15 a week per injection at my current dose and I've been on this one for I think three injections straight to be honest. So, at the moment, it's telling me on my current status my pen will last me, mind you, I have another one just sitting there anyway, um, 17 weeks. So, £15 a week on my current 3.75. Obviously, you can alter that. It just kind of like makes you wonder if you're not using the highest pen or injection. Should you still buy it? I think you should to be honest. If you can afford it in the first place, obviously that's the most important thing because again um I'm nowhere near that. I never really have been because in my view I want to be on the lowest dose that I can maintain as possible because once you get to 15 there's nowhere to go. So, I think it's totally worth it to be honest. Uh, if you're not doing that already, obviously you can use the click calculator and alter to your specific needs. Again, this is not medical advice. It's just what I'm currently doing. And again, you can't even buy or ever use a 3.75 until you actually like click it to the amount. So, yeah.

- Size 40 to Size 36 on Mounjaro… I Was NOT Expecting This 🤯 | My Honest Journey: Kind: captions Language: en I mentioned a few weeks ago we went out for a family meal for something we haven't done for a little while and I how I have like my favorite going out dreams and obviously it's been a while I haven't gone out from a couple of weeks ago from then till I think December and obviously unfortunately which I'm really g without that my favorite jeans They're too big for me. Only noticed as I was getting ready, I'm like, "Holy shit." Like, I got nothing to wear anymore. So, uh, I haven't bought that many new clothes because again, you know, as a I want to hold on to them just in case like, you know, anyway, since then, I've lost more weight and things. cuz I wear that every day especially not my grown out jeans but like in general like my work jeans um they're just too big for me like I got like I guess mangaro ass it's way too baggy so when I first started I was a size 40 comfortably uh I mean the biggest I've I've ever was size 44 so I went from 44 four down to like an average of 40 like my whole adult adult life. And anyway, so obviously I needed to buy uh new jeans and I immediately thought, okay, I'm going to buy a size 38. So I bought a few jeans without trying them. I just thought, yeah, you know, 40, 38. Yeah, that'll do. I went home, I tried them cuz I didn't have dressing room and they were too big. Like every single one of them. I'm like, "Oh, like no way." So took them back straight away. Uh I just literally swapped them. So for the next size down, I've just been really skeptical about the whole situation. So obviously next size down is a size 36. And I tried them on and even though they are relaxed cuz you know nervous about the whole thing cuz there's no way they're going to fit. I put them on and I'm comfortably a size 36. So I went from a since the start of my journey size 40 waist at one point a struggle then mostly comfortable to uh a very comfortable size 36 like oh my god I can't I can't I can't believe that like I am I I'm just shocked. So, so yeah, that happened this week.

- 34 Weeks on Mounjaro – The Scales Shocked Me This Week 🤯: Kind: captions Language: en How's it going everyone? Welcome back to the channel. Week 34, the 1st of March. It is flying by. So, last week I had one of my best weeks, not my best week on my Majora journey so far. I lost just over 5bs. So, from not losing any weight, in fact, gaining 3 lbs, uh, three successive weeks on the bounce, stalled a little bit, panicking, stressing, still sucked with it. Obviously, I had a little major break, which was great to be honest. I think I needed that personally. And since then, I've not looked back. I've just gone up and up. Um, before I do get into everything, I just want to say a massive thank you to the two people so far who use my referral codes. I don't know if it's from YouTube or Tik Tok, which I try and use as much as I can cuz it's different sort of platform, isn't it? Um, one was from Newman. So, you got 100 off your MARO. So, that means I got that as well. So, I do appreciate that. that goes towards my my pen even though I currently I have one well two 50 mig pens but I'm not using that never have had. So yeah, thank you very much for that. And another one from Med Express. You got 50 off and this one actually gave me your name on first namely. So again, thank you very much. Um you got 50. I got 50. So you know I do have way more referral codes. Again, I've been on this for 34 weeks, which I've used multiple suppliers. So, you can get up to £100 off, and I've all said that. So, again, I do appreciate that. Thank you very much. How do I top last week after losing 5.6 pound five, just over 5? Yeah, I think it actually was 5.6 top of my head. So, it's something that's been on my mind for absolutely ages. Since August, I don't know. I think since just before I went on holiday um it's something called the sardine fast. So I am a huge fan of uh the ketogenic diet. I do that on my non-training days and sometimes on the rare occasion I do that have had done that on my training days which is is quite difficult to be honest. I love that. You know, I'm not really I'm not demonizing any food type or whatever. It's just whatever you crave, right? But keto diet, I get to have everything that I love. Steak, quality burgers, quality meat, fish, nuts. Anyway, don't want to get into that. So, the sardine fast, it's basically between 3 to 5 days of just pure sardines, which I eat anyway. So, uh, if you want to watch my full vlog, check it out. I've done daily vlogs or as Tik Tok shorts or YouTube shorts or last night I I blo uploaded the full day one to five of me doing that, not the review cuz that will be coming separately. But it's just uh it is literally the most the easiest way I've lost weight. The easiest yet most boring way I've ever lost weight. So talking of weight, I've always said my starting weight back in July the 1st, so 34 weeks ago, just mental um I was 20 stone 9. So for this video, for this purpose, for my new weight, which you won't can't believe it. Anyway, I've always said I was 20 stone 9. So, I've always had to put on the screen my weight in stone from wherever you are, right? Uh stone, kilogram, and pounds. And when I was adding the weight that I've lost for this for this video, this week, just wasn't adding up. I just like I can't no it just doesn't make sense. So my actual starting weight wasn't 20 stone 9 is 20 stone 12. So it's even worse than I than I ever thought which is just it's just awful. But saying that it's my current weight loss is just even more more impressive. So um injection. So, this is my second week now on 3.75 milligrams again out of a 50 migram pen. Um, it's not as effective to be honest. I mean, clearly, it clearly wouldn't be because I'm taking half the amount that I've been used to, which is obviously 7.5 mil. I'm trying to still have it in my system, still do what carry on doing what I'm doing, but it's it's going well. Um, again, appetite's fine. I'm not getting any of my tingles or boosts or anything like that because you know I'm used to obviously the dose twice as strong. So I took that a few days ago and that's going well. I took that on I want to see Thursday. So the previous dose I took it in the evening which I don't know um not unless you got a good gap from your dinner to say your injection pre-bed give yourself a 12-hour fast then I don't know but this week my usual I woke up injected on yeah I think it was Thursday and uh again I didn't really feel it cuz again just not as strong, but um going well. The only good thing is it's a 15 mig pen and I'm using would that be a quarter quarter of the dose. So in theory it's going to last me absolutely ages with another brand new 15 mig pen just sitting in the fridge. So that's going well. Right. So like I said um we're going to get into the keto diet thing. So my starting weight shocking. And I can't believe it. Like I said, it's actually worth 20 stone 12. And last week then I was 234 lb. So 16 stone 10. And I was buzzing like the biggest weight loss drop I've had so far. Started the diet on the fast on Monday. And I'm so today right now would be my I want to say 129th day of intermittent fasting and I absolutely love it. It works for me. Just stick to what you know. For me it does work. And if it didn't work then I will stop you. Right. So last week at my lowest I was 234 lbs. I've weighed myself now. I am lbs. Bang on. Like I've lost 6.4 lb since last week. Like it is I am just I am actually I mean I would I'm buzzing. I've lost 6.4 pounds. this week. Five just over five pounds last week. 5.6 pounds. I've lost like 11 or 12 pounds in 12 weeks. That's just um just like I'm I'm over the moon. So, my total overall loss from the beginning currently is at just over 64. So, 4.8 stones. So I am now 16 stone full and like I am speechless. I was down for so long like really just if you've been with me since the beginning or even the start of the year I was just I was wow. So persistency or consistency is key. I've just carried on with it. Again, um 3.75 milligrams. It's not for me. It's not, you know, it's in there. It's doing something, but I'm staying hydrated. I'm training on the way to the gym now again. Didn't overdo it on middle of the week because again, I was doing the sardine thing, which I will do. I will be doing Um do you know what? I'm just Wow. So starting weight was even worse than I expected. So 20 stone 12. I am 16 stone 4. So my personal best lowest was 14 stone. So I'm from then uh two stone4. I mean in an ideal world by July. So we got four months now to beat that. like I'm going on holiday end of July. So I will be injecting up to then. Uh yeah, so that's it really guys. I don't really have much else to say right now. Um like, subscribe, and follow if you haven't already. And uh stay tuned for more.

- 5 Days Eating ONLY Sardines: The Brutal Truth About My Body's Reaction: Kind: captions Language: en Right. So, right now we're going to prep day one. What for lunch anyway? So, I got my seasonings. So, I can obviously season them. So, I've got pink Himalayan salt for the obviously added electrolytes. Got some bird's eye chili flakes, bit of spice, and again flavor. And you can't go wrong with a bit of black pepperc corn. So, I'm going to weigh everything right now. See what's what. Add it into my fitness pal. >> [snorts] >> So fortunately while draining one draining the oil half of the sardine fell into uh into the sink. So I'm not going obviously going to touch that. So I mean the plan is to eat four cuz still got here my calories that one. So it looks like protein is about 110 g. So wow, it does look pretty disgusting. [laughter] So let's see if I can do five days of this. I doubt it, but challenge regardless. Right. So, but what I like about the idea of the sadine fast is the simplicity of it. Like it's literally out of the tin and that's it. But I'm going to try and do different ways. So, obviously out of the tin is one. I'm going to try and fry it and air fry it and again season it. So, yeah, this is the one that half fell off. This it just looks right like now the amount of it just looks so grim to be honest. Day one ready for tomorrow. Look at that. So that is 375 g of sardines. So I'm just going to season it to add a bit more over. So pink himalayan salt chili flakes for a bit of a kick and always. Okay. So that was 375 of just sardines and looks like 2 g worth of season. And I am not going to lie. This looks absolute cat food. But I think I might have over done it for the first time. But because it's the only thing I'm going to eat, I literally have no idea what to expect for lunch. That is in a ring and looks like I'm about to finish my intermittent fasting. I've just done 2 hours and 18 minutes, 19 minutes, depends by time I finish doing this. Right. So, here's my container that I prepped last night. Got my cutlery in there as well. So, this is the first day of doing the sardine fast for the next five days. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [laughter] Right. So, uh if you remember from the last clip, I it was 375 gram, four tins of sardines, which is too much, but usually I have two, but because it's the only thing I'm going to eat, and again, it's been over 20 hours, this is what it looks like. So, I did season it with Himalayan pink salt, chili flex, which I can see and yeah. Okay, cool. So, let's try this now. Okay, if I drop everything, let's try it. Going to mix up one more time. Even though it's been here since last night, see all the bones. It look It looks like Yeah, cat food basically. So, let's try it. >> It's actually not bad to be honest. I mean, again, I I do eat side in. So, whether I can finish that, it's a different story. Um, but again, I'll be eating this tonight. See what my wife does and how she does it. But this is me day one in the space of like quite a few bites since the last clip. Uh it's nearly gone, but four four tins nearly 400 g of sardines in one go after doing the 20 20our fast. Man, it's sitting in my stomach. [sighs] Can I finish that? I'll probably I'll try and leave you for later. Um I think I think I'm all right to be honest. 6 7 14 47 So, it's just basically one and a half tins of of sardines for tonight. I obviously had three and a half for lunch. I weighed the remaining, which was 50 g, which I've added it to the dinner. [sighs] Struggling to eat it. I mean, I wasn't even that hungry before, but you know. Anyway, so for today's overall calories, I'm going to put it into My Fitness Pal. So 50 g from before. So I had 325 g for lunch of sardines. 50 g remaining added to today's dinner. And yeah, um again, I started great at the beginning, but now it's a very powerful food. I mean, very filling 100%. But um yeah, I'm going to finish this off 100%. And um yeah, let's see what day two brings. Day two. So, uh I've just checked my watch uh sorry, my app, and I am just under 19 hours and 40 minutes as of me saying this now. So, um, time for day two with sardines. Um, so I was buzzing yesterday for the first time that I did it for lunch. That was a bit too much, a bit overkill. And again, it filled me up. Um, dinnerwise, I had the remaining 50 g that weighed plus one tin. I was full. But anyway, so round two, today I bought uh, sorry, I I got um, three tins, 280 grams that I weighed this morning. I did season it again. Uh this time instead of chili flakes I put bit paprika bit of a kick like spicy stuff and uh Himalayan pink salt and that's that's it really. Um yeah that's that. Got my cutlery right there. And yeah so I'm going to eat this now. Hopefully I finish it off. I should do to be honest considering uh it's less amount. Um and that's about it. We go from there. So, I've just finished um even three. So, from four to three, even that is a bit of a struggle, but it's very filling. Uh definitely. So, 280 gram, around 700 calories. I'll put it on my screen wherever I can. Um honestly, you know what? I think three is more than enough. Nothing more than that. I can't especially after like a nearly 20our fast. So, 19 hours and 40 minutes. Again, I'll post it. Um but very filling. Um uh I'd rather have more than enough than not enough if that makes any sense. Like yesterday I had I couldn't finish it and I added that to my dinner last night. So um day two um for lunch or brunch or ending my fast. So tonight again, you know, last night I wasn't even that hungry to be honest. Um but I thought sort of forced that down. uh the one tin plus the remaining 50 grams from my lunch. Um I don't know. Yesterday I had a total of what five tins. So today I'm on three. Will I eat two tonight? I don't know. See how I feel. But it's very filling. Tell you that. Uh so far I've just had it out of the tin. Um tomorrow I'm going to try and do something a little bit different. I might as I'm going to season it, I might maybe air fry it or just fry it. Uh just add just change the texture a little bit. But, uh, either way, you know what? It's going well. Um, I did weigh myself. Skeptical. I did weigh myself. I mean, I didn't Well, I weigh myself. I'm not going to get into that too much. Uh, I will do that on hopefully uh day five, which is Friday, and we'll go from there hopefully. So, the end of day two. So recap, we had three cans for lunch. And you know what? Even now, I'm not even hungry, which is I know it's quite bad cuz I'm I think I'm undereating, but it's just, you know, but it is one plate full. This time I've uh air fried it only for a few minutes and I've seasoned it as well. It's got a bit of orangeiness now, which is nice. I put a bit of seasonal and gen you know, it actually looks quite nice. It actually looks way more pleasant. So, put that there. There we go. Right. Okay. So, let's just try actually is way nicer. I think the seasoning helps it as well, which is makes a big difference. But do you know what? The fact that it's not cold and oily. Yeah. You know what? I'm going to fish that again. I'm not even that hungry, but day two getting close. So, yeah, that's it really. So, um, let's see what day three. Maybe I'll do two for lunch, two for dinner. I'm not sure. But either way, less than yesterday. So, which means less calories. So, but I am quite full. So, whatever it is, it's, you know, it's working. It's not obviously oily and slimy, which is I think the seasoning helps it as well. Day three of uh sardine fast. So right now I've just emptied three t three tins. Uh currently at 286 g it says. So I'm going to put it in my air fryer. 187 whatever. I'm going to seize it. Oh six. Anyway, put it in my air and finish my fast. Day three of the sardine diet. Got three cans. Um I've airfried it. I seasoned it again to change the texture. Um so I'm currently fasting for let me think around 18 hours and 14 minutes. I'm going to break my fast with this again now. Uh it's going well. getting bored of it to be honest but you know it is what it is. Um I have was I have weighed myself and I have lost a bit of weight. Quite buzzing about that but halfway stage. So we got two more days of this. Let's see if I can. Right. So got a big chunk right there. And to be fair I actually air fried it for a little bit longer than than yesterday and it looks like it's got quite crispy skin. Actually look quite nice. So, I'm going to finish this off as much as I can. Hopefully, I hopefully I can. And then if not, I'll add it to tonight's dinner. And yeah, that's it really. So, start off day three, the end of day three. So, air fryer again, bit more seasoned. Actually looks really, really nice to be honest. It smells really nice as well. It's got quite a you can see quite orangey sort of paprika sort of kick to it. So, um three tins for lunch or brunch when I ended my fast. Two to end my fast. Um I'm getting a bit bored of this to be honest. I mean it's literally just that and I've literally not done anything else. Uh, but I'm looking forward to finish it. And um, yeah, I already prepped my lunch for tomorrow. So, three tins for that to end my fast. And yeah, let's try it again. It's a little bit of a different season. It does. And I left it for 5 minutes in the air fry this time. That's really nice. Actually, that's a nice season. And I don't know if you can see that on the camera. Try to tap to focus. Don't know if you can see that. Quite orangey. Got nice sort of It's got a nice hint to it. So anyway, finish this off and we go from there. Day four. Right. So sardines again. So we got 252 g. Uh I've just well I'm going to finish a just over 20our fast right now. So again, three tins. So we got that uh again. So I don't know if you can see that bit of chilies in there. Just a bit more of a kick. Uh Himalayan pink salt. And yeah, so I'm going to finish that. Uh so three tins today. So even though it's slightly less calories and weight than the normal of three tins I've had. Okay, [sighs] I'm getting a bit bored of this. Um, but tomorrow's the last day. >> So, yeah, let you know how well I'll let you know if I'm going to finish this, how much I'm going to finish it. If there's anything left over, we'll go onto tonight's dinner. I don't think I will cuz three is fine and enough to end my fast as well. So, it's not too heavy. Meal number two, two tins of sardines, which is quite surprising. Um, so two tins but not as much. So they're quite smaller pieces. So this batch it's 178 g for two tins. So and I've seasoned it again in the same as earlier. So it's pink himalayan salt and crushed chilies. So overall calories today it's around 1,00 around 1,000 calories. mention how much I've lost in that or I might just do like a whole review of it. I'm not sure. But anyway, so I'm going to finish this off for my dinner and already prepping I'm starting to prep sorry my sardines for tomorrow for lunch, three for lunch and maybe two again for tomorrow. And that's it. That's the end of I guess the sardine fast, which I'm going to either I mention how much I've lost in that or I might just do like a whole review of it. I'm not sure. day five. This is it. So, my second last sardine in this experiment. So, um I've fasting just under 18 hours, which I'm going to break now. Uh I have 272 g of sardines, around just just over 700 calories. Doesn't look like the most appealing, but uh I've got quite a bit of paprika and paprika and chilies. So, a bit of a kick. And again, my pink Himalayan salt. So, I'm going to dig into this. End my fast. Having cut it up. It just looks like just a bowl of cat food. Seasoned cat food. So, dig into this. And yeah, so three tins, two for tonight. And that's about it. Meal two, day five. The last one. That's it. [snorts] Um, right. So, one tin. Honestly, you know what? Just just not that I'm just not that hungry to be honest. Uh, but yet again, I've spiced it up. So, we got some You can see that right there. So, we got some um paprika and chilies. Again, I like the kick. This one tin gram. So, again, it's not many calories for today, but I did that I think on Tuesday and then obviously today around th00and calories or just below. So, I'll put it on my screen right now. That's it. You know, I'm going to finish this off and that's it. You know what? I found this diet really easy. I've never done anything like this before. Um I mean, it's really easy. It's just boring. Uh and I do miss having other things, a variety of things like my protein shakes, my my nuts and stuff like that. But just just sardines. I mean, I've had it out of a tin like it is now and air fried. That was actually quite nice. About 5 minutes got skin got nice and crispy. But either way, it's boring. I've enjoyed it. Will I do it again? 100%. So, going to finish this and I'm going to put the videos all together as a full vlog and I'll add my weight loss, which I'm going to wait tomorrow morning. overall weight loss in the next clip. So, enjoy.

- Day 1 of 5 – Sardine Fast Vlog 🐟 | Hunger, Energy & Food Noise (Real Start): Kind: captions Language: en It's something that's been on my mind for well since August since I first heard about it, which is the sardine fast. So, um it's basically just sardines, uh if you haven't noticed already. Um up to 5 days now. I've been I'm a big fan of keto and I've been doing it for a good while. Um, I mostly do well the ketogenic diet on my non-training days and you know what I just I'm just a big fan of it to be honest and also intermittent fasting obviously as well. So I am currently finishing week 33. So this has been on my mind for a little while. One, I'm a big fan of sardines anyway. I eat them at least twice a week. So, something like I said has been on my mind since August since I first heard about it. Been doing my research, but wasn't quite sure and well, we're going to start it. So, I'm going to try and vlog all this for the first 5 days if I can. Um, so I'm going to plan on non-training if I can for the first 5 days and we'll go from there. Right. So right now we're going to prep day one. Well, for lunch anyway. So I got my seasonings so I can obviously season them. So I got pink Himalayan salt for the obviously added electrolytes. Got some bird's eyee chili flakes, bit of spice and again flavor. And you can't go wrong with a bit of black pepperc corn. So I'm going to weigh everything right now. See what's what. Add it into my fitness pal. So fortunately while draining one draining the oil half of the sardine fell into uh into the sink. So I'm not going obviously going to touch that. So So I mean the plan is to eat four cuz still got here my calories that one. So it looks like protein is about 110 g. So wow, it does look pretty disgusting. So let's see if I can do five days of this. I doubt it, but challenge regardless. All right, so but what I like about the idea of the s fast is the simplicity of it. Like it's literally out of the tin and that's it. But I'm going to try and do different ways. So obviously out the tin is one. I'm going to try and fry it and air fry it. And again, season it like so. And this is the one that half fell off. It just looks right like now the amount of it. It just looks so grim to be honest. Day one ready for tomorrow. Look at that. So that is 375 g of sardines. So I'm just going to season it to add a bit more over. So pink himalayan salt chili flakes for a bit of a kick and always. Okay. So that was 375 of just sardines and looks like 2 g worth of season and I am not going to lie this looks absolute cat food but I think I might have over done it for the first time but because it's the only thing I'm going to eat I literally have no idea what to expect for lunch. That is anyway. And looks like I'm about to finish my intermittent fasting. I've just done 2 hours and 18 minutes, 19 minutes, depends time I finish doing this. Right. So, here's my container that I prepped last night. Got my cutlery in there as well. So, this is the first day of doing the sardine fast for the next 5 days. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Right. So, uh, if you remember from the last clip, I it was 375 g, four tins of sardines, which is too much, but usually I have two, but because it's the only thing I'm going to eat, and again, it's been over 20 hours. This is what it looks like. So, I did season it with Himalayan pink salt, chili flakes, which I can see, and yeah. Okay, cool. So, let's try this now. Okay, before I drop everything, let's try it. Going to mix it up one more time. Even though it's been here since last night, see all the bones. It look It looks like Yeah, cat food basically. So, let's try it. >> It's actually not bad to be honest. I mean again I I do eat side in. So right whether I can finish that is a different story. Um but again I'll be eating this tonight. See what my wife does and how she does it. But this is me day one in the space of like quite a few bites since the last clip. Uh, it's nearly gone, but four four tins nearly 400 g of sardines just in one go after doing the 20 20our fast. Man, it's sitting in my stomach. Can I finish that? I'll probably I'll try and leave it for later. Um, I think I think I'm all right, to be honest. It's smell. So Six 747. So it's just basically one and a half tins of of sardines for tonight. I obviously had three and a half for lunch. I weighed the remaining which was 50 gram which I've added it to the dinner. Shocking to eat it. I mean I wasn't even that hungry before but you know anyway. So for today's overall calories I'm going to put it into my fitness power. So 50 g from before. So I had 325 g for lunch of sardines. 50 grand remaining added to today's dinner. And yeah, um again, I started great at the beginning, but now it's a very powerful food. I mean, very filling, 100%, but um yeah, I'm going to finish this off 100%. And um yeah, let's see what day two brings.

- Mounjaro Journey 💉: 58+ lbs Down & Counting! (Honest Update, What Changed?): Kind: captions Language: en How's it going everyone? Welcome back to the channel. I'm absolutely buzzing. So, I've just had the biggest weight loss on my major journey so far and I'm just So, I hit a brick wall. I hit like a building to be honest. Like, it was just like a complete disaster. So, the last time I lost weight was January the 10th. Right now, we're like close to like the end of February. So, it just shows how long it's been. And hence why I'm just absolutely buzzing. So, the last time I lost weight, I lost about 4 lbs in that week. And I was on 7.5 milligrams the whole time. And I have been for the best part of I don't know, like six months. Um, as the weight started slowing down, and I'm nowhere near my target, by the way. Um, I'm still I'm still training four times a week, and I wanted to go to the next level, improve my strength, endurance, and performance, which all happened while taking creatine for for a whole month. So, it was a hybrid. It was a electrolyte creatine blend. So, I'm still fasting and I've been doing it for about 120 straight days, which is just mental. Uh, I mostly go keto uh on my non-training days, which I love. Do you know what? A lot of people struggle with that. I think it's I just eat everything that I love still. And you know anyway so the last time I lost weight was uh like I said 4 lb started taking a routine which holds onto your water weight adds into it's called intramusc intramuscular water retention so holds into the muscles and make you look fuller and which it did. I'm not knocking it anyway and started gaining weight and weight and weight averaging about a pound a week which pissed me off. So I went from my then lightest 237 lbs to effectively around 241. So basically everything that I lost precreatine I ended up putting back on which just showing had like a mental block in me like big time. Um, I officially finished routine a week ago and again like the weight was maintaining itself. Ain't going nowhere. Still training, still fasting, still doing keto and I even had a 16-day gap between injections cuz again I wasn't even the majority kid either to be honest. Uh I I genuinely didn't know what to do. I was completely lost. So I had myself a little reset. Um and that's totally fine actually cuz I think cuz I've been fasting for so long, my routine has not changed. I Jane did quite okay without being ono. Did again didn't gain any weight. I had no side effects whatsoever. So that was great. and restarted on 2.5 millig. Felt fine. Felt it kick in, but not as much as I used to cuz again from it's three times less stronger. And then I went straight from 2.5 to 7.5 milligrams. That was unbelievable. That was just like that was that was good. Going to end my stop my intermittent fasting. I thought maybe take a couple of days off. Maybe my metabolism just don't know you know and again weigh myself daily skills have not moved for weeks but 10 to 240 as 2 241 was my max. Anyway I weighed myself the day I was going to end my fast. I thought [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] this just have a couple of days off fasting and just see what happens. weighed myself. Scales moved a little bit. First time in weeks, like Okay. And I thought, you know what? Now, carry on. So, I've gone from 241 to 234.4, before which means in the space of a week of just persistent Jesus I don't know consistent persistent I don't know I really don't know I've lost 5.6 6 lb this week. One the biggest loss I've had so far in my journey. And just wow.

- Mounjaro Update – My BIGGEST Weight-Loss So Far! (After My Reset 😳): Kind: captions Language: en I've had the biggest weight loss in a week since the beginning of my journey, if not for absolutely ages. How's it going everyone? Welcome back to the channel. Week 33, the end of it. Right. Okay. So absolutely buzzing. So anyone who was being sort of doubtful or skeptical about my crazy experiment at the moment anyway massively paid off. Okay, so last week was my second injection while resetting my well reset my mangaro. I haven't felt it for ages. [cough] So, I went from 2.5 milligrams after my reset, which went well. So, I have two 50 mig pens sitting in the fridge. And rather than, you know, maybe maintain that gradually, I've also had a second golden dose sit in the fridge. Well, one of two. So, I was the last one. And I took it and so I've not lost weight for since the since the start of me taking my creatine. So, which was about So, I think the last time I lost weight was January the 10th and I was 237bs. Right. fine. That was the lowest I've been while I've been on my my journey, my majority journey, right? Since I started taking creatine, the weight just escalated. I was averaging one pound a week and I was maintaining up to 240 lb. So, last time I weighed myself, I was literally just that. Um, not more, not less, just averaging 240 the whole time. So, I have been doing intermittent fasting right now for I think 120 days. I'll put it on my screen cuz I can't quite remember to be honest. I usually take a screenshot of it when I finish my fast and obviously start eating. And on the Wednesday, I trained, everything went well. And you know again I've been waiting myself for no loss whatsoever and I was going to that day particularly that day I was going to end my fast. I wasn't I was going to stop intermittent fasting have a couple of days maybe I've been doing fasting for too long but my body got I don't know just whatever my metabolism. Anyway I weighed myself. Holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it's dropped for the first time since January the 10th. I was I was just buzzing. So I thought to myself, you know what? No, carry on fasting. I wasn't even hungry anyway. So that's that. So I've been fasting still and I'm just I'm just buzzing. Like I am genuinely buzzing. I've not lost weight in ages. Um I've been down. I've been really really down. But I've just carried on. you know, eventually, right? So, I finished my creatine last Thursday, so I've been creating less for a week and the scales have been dropping down. Um, I'm still doing keto and I'm loving it. I get into that a little bit later because I got a little a second experiment if you like starting from tomorrow Monday. Anyway, so my starting weight was 20 stone 9 lb in let's just say July the 1st now and I'm absolutely buzzing. So last week like I said I was 20 I was 240 pounds and that has been my my weight for the best part of four or five weeks started losing weight from Thursday Wednesday and then I've been weighing myself every day it's just been dropping and I'm like holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like literally daily right from not seeing the scales well especially go down But see this scale is maintained at 240 the whole time. I am now 234.4 lb from what I remember. I'll put it on the screen now. So that means since last week somehow I've had my biggest weight loss and which what I've lost 5.6 6 in in a week. I am absolutely buzzing on 7.5 mil the the golden dose the one cuz again for me when I have taken the golden dose and I've been doing it since since October I think to be honest I've personally never felt them to be as strong as the actual dose wherever that may be. Um again that's just me personally. I've never felt that to be the strongest even though it's the same amount for example, right? I've lost 5.6 lbs in a week. Everything's stayed the same. Like just consistency. Eventually, I'm assuming obviously, like I said, um I stop creatine last Thursday, so eventually maybe that's my body releasing the the water weight. I I have no idea, but I felt no different whatsoever. Um, you know, I'm just over the moon. You know, that 5.6 lbs in a week from having this mental near enough breakdown of just, you know, going up a couple of pounds from, you know, really trying and trying even harder from from that. I've had a mental milestone. So, right now I am currently at my lowest ever. Well, like pre well on my majority journey. So, I am officially under 17 stone. I think I want to say I'm 16 16 stone 10. Absolutely buzzing. It's starting to rain. It's getting a bit windy. I'm on the way to the gym now. I'm walking. Right. So, um, again, I'll take my injection every 6 days. I took my golden dose cuz one, it was at risk going from 2.5, but it's paid off massively. two, I know I know my body taking it maybe straight away after a break 16 days that I had maybe that was quite stupid of an idea so I didn't risk it but I've gone from 2.5 to 7.5 I finished that so my injection which I took I took in the evening as well so I did mention in the last video that um a weight loss expert claims to the most effective time to take it is 12 hours before your next meal, for example, which in theory for me would have been at that point dinner. So, I had my dinner. I waited about an hour. Then I took my injection, which I felt a little bit uncomfortable to be honest cuz I'm a morning person. I wake up, I inject, go to work, and then, you know, I'm still fasting anyway. I didn't notice any any difference, but again, because I'm using the 50 mig pen, um, I I've gone from effectively from the pen 2.5 to 3.75 and we'll go from there really. Now, the first thing, obviously, this is half the amount that I'm usually I'm used to. I didn't get the the boost because again it's half as strong obviously. Um so yesterday, so I took it Friday night. Yesterday I felt okay. Nothing amazing to be honest. Again, he gone from my last injection was the golden 2 7.5 to half that. Um so it was all right. Uh but funny enough this morning now mind you mind you I did take it like I said Friday night Sunday morning and I feel like really full I was quite I was pretty good yesterday to be honest. So the fact that I feel fuller today than I was yesterday after taking the injection now that's pretty weird but I'm not complaining. It's still it's weird. I've I've done what the weight loss expert claims. I feel like it was delayed for like at least 24 hours. So, I don't know. Again, it's kicking in now. I got the slight medicinal taste. No boost whatsoever, but I feel really full. I'm walking now to the gym. So, um yeah, that I'm absolutely buzzing. I've hit a mental milestone of actually losing weight and what a weight that was. I mean, the last time I lost weight, I lost like 4 pounds. January the 10th. Obviously the critine that sort of pissed me off and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] everything up whatever. Not not I will be using that again. I'm not you know but that's when once I reach my reach my target which brings me to obviously officially closer to my target. So my target is still is say 14 stone was the best I've slimmest I was the best I looked when I was in my 20s. Ideally, I'd love to beat that, especially with the power gyro and do what I'm

- Delayed My Mounjaro Injection… 16 Day Gap After My Reset 😳 Side Effects? Food Noise? Did I Mess Up?: Kind: captions Language: en 16 days between my injections. Now, um if you've been following the channel, um then you would know that I've not felt I didn't feel mjaro for a little while. I said that at the thing at the start of the year considering it's like middle of February. So I have been on it for was on it for successive weeks which I was losing weight. Um and up to that period that's when I started not feeling it as much. So I thought I'd do a little experiment with myself. And again this is not medical advice. It's just from my own experience. So basically, I last took my injection on January the 23rd. Now, I was taking it every six days um cuz I couldn't hack the seven, ironically. So, I thought rather I could easily just tap it off. I was on 7.5 milligrams. I just want to see the effects. Again, I wasn't feeling it. And while I was taking creatine as well, my weight was actually increasing a pound a week, which really really got to me. So I did a little experiment. Like I said, I've was uh I was taking Mjaro. Uh I wasn't gaining weight. Sorry, I wasn't losing weight. So then I thought, there's no point in taking it. So my last injection was January the 23rd. So I was taking it every six days. uh 7.5 milligrams. So, I just had a little break. And for me, again, not medical advice, I just did it. I just if there's no point me taking it, wasting it, and it's it's not like it's cheap anyway, right? So, what happened? I wanted to I've got a GOP tracker app so you can see how much of it is in my system. So, I wanted to deplete it as much as possible before jump starting. Sometimes like the old school thing, just reset. I've been intermittent fasting right now for 100, let's just say 3 months. So, I've been on uh nearly 100 days, consecutive days. Um I've never been a breakfast person. So, for me doing intermittent fasting is quite easy, especially in Omenaro. Apart from intermittent fasting, I also do keto on my days off. So I basically I do carb cycling. So on my days off, I do next to no carbs. Again, it's for personal choice. I just really like it to be honest. A lot of people can't sustain it. I can I get to eat all of my favorite things while tracking everything and still being all right. So, I get all my quality meat, quality fish, I have my eggs, I have my nuts, I have my fish oils, I've got my whey protein, and I'm fine to be honest. Um, the days I do train, I do the opposite. So, I increase my carbs for gly glycogen um replenishment, stuff like that. So, for me, it's just been working well. Um just unfortunately I I haven't been losing weight for a little while with the creatine added into my workouts. Obviously that was water weight. So what happened during food noise? Nothing. Like I literally I think because I've been fasting so well and my routine or my structure has been on point for so long, nothing changed. Um I was a little bit hungrier but I couldn't say that I was just like constantly thinking about food like I was before Manarro I got no side effects which so yes or no so I got I didn't know what to expect right so while I have been on it I've been heavily constipated that's basically my side effect but while I was off it nothing changed um I didn't get any diarrhea I got no sulfa burps I just didn't know what to when you're off when you've been on it for so long and just go cold turkey like that. I don't know what to expect. So, what happened when I first took my injection? So, like I said, I have a GP tracker app. So, I know for a fact just by obviously my app that I was below 2 milligs in my system. So I was averaging from the graph itself around so per 7.5 milligrams injection every six days I was averaging around 13 milligrams in my system I was below 2 milligrams from what I remember until I put this on the on the channel. The dilemma was what do I do? I have had sorry uh at the time two 50 mgram pens sitting in my fridge and 7.5 milligrams of my last golden dose sitting there. The idiot in me what Jam Lee wanted to take the 7.5 mil. Uh but then I thought after such a bit of a gap let's be honest. So I did the most sensible thing and I started on 2 2.5 milligrams and within about half an hour everything that I've not felt came back which is a good thing. That's I knew it was kicking in for the first time in four weeks, 5 weeks maybe. So I got the little boost. So again I went from 7.5 down to 2.5. I had a nice little reset. 16 days I didn't gain any more weight. I didn't lose any weight. I just maintained. So, that was great to be honest. Started on 2.5 milligrams uh for the first six days. And then I thought, okay, I'm definitely going to increase it. Not because I didn't feel it kicking in as much, but I thought let's just gradually go back up. My sensible thing would be to do say 3 3.75 milligrams as opposed to say five onwards. Me being, like I said, an idiot that I am, I was really tempted to do the 7.5 golden dose because I've done the 2.5. At least that's in my system. At least I had a little buildup. So, not just that, personally for me, the golden dose has never really been as effective as an actual dose. I don't know if it's just me, but genuinely whatever dose I've taken as a golden dose as opposed to what's been actually in the pen has never been as effective. So, um yeah, I took the 7.5 mil and I that was just before 7 a.m. and within 15 minutes, bang, it's kicked in. So, I got the boost that I love. Um, that buildup of pressure of mangaro kicking in. I got the taste back in my in my throat. Just that's how I know it's working. And again, for five weeks, give or take, I didn't feel none of that. Hence why I guess I wasn't losing any weight. And obviously with the creatine for 30 days um taking it daily you know that was water weight fluctuation whatever. So that's just basically my experience. Again it's not medical advice um I didn't get any symptoms while being off it. I was really nervous about that. I have to admit, but I've got no side effects. Uh apart from obviously the constipation which I have had throughout Mjaro to be honest. Some days are better than others. Some weeks are better than others. Um so yeah, that's about it really. Just that's just my little update about my stop gap or reset or whatever you guys want to call it. But I think for me that was one of the best decisions I've done for a long time. I've not felt it. I went cold turkey say um but no side effects. So it actually paid off and me being back on it has been one of the best things since I started it to be honest because I'm back where we should be. I finished creatine last Thursday. So, what literally one week today? Um, and I won't get get into that until my weighin this weekend, week 33 update. And, um, yeah. No, that's it really. So, again, like, subscribe if you haven't already. Uh, I do appreciate that. Uh, close to 2,300 subscribers. Um, yeah, that's it. Catch you in the next one.

- Mounjaro Week 32 – Real Results, Side Effects & Big Updates… Did It Still Work?: Kind: captions Language: en How's it going everyone? Welcome back. Week 32. Uh my restart back to Mjaro has been going well. I took 16 days off in total. And throughout that period, I gained no weight. Like my my my weight maintained exactly the same. So I've been back on it for a week now. Um, so today is February the 15th. Yesterday was my second injection day. And I don't know if anyone watched like the last video. Um, it's about a weight loss expert from America called Dr. Jones DC. I'm guessing he's from DC, I'm assuming. Anyway, um, so he recommends reing injecting in the evening. well basically it is he didn't say he didn't actually say the evening but I'm assuming it is the evening because how many people wake up and go with a 12-hour fast from there. Um so basically I'm assuming it's the evening. Um woke up yesterday morning. Totally forgot. I just you know what because I'm just so back on track now. I just woke up injected cuz yesterday was my injection day. um which for me every six days and um just totally forgot I I I remembered after I did it. So for [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sake but anyway so um restarted last week 12 two two 2.5 mg the most sensible thing to do. Um, so as I said before, I have had two brand new 50 mg pens in the fridge and one 7.5 mg golden dose from the last from the pen before that. So I did a simple sensible thing of 2.5 mil and uh I felt great. Um I I felt it kick in. all the things that I've been saying for ages that I haven't felt. Hence why I did my little experiment. And you know when you just know your body. So yesterday I went to you know went to my may I don't know I was thinking maybe 3.75 or 5 mil just to like jump start and go. And I'm looking at that golden dust. I'm like you know what I'm going to do it. and it been the weekend. I you know I can afford to touch what anything goes wrong. So I took it yesterday at 6:58 uh by and I'm not even joking. So I was getting ready and then by 712 exactly I looked at the clock cuz that's when I felt I mean I felt it. I felt the boost. I felt the medicinal taste. I felt like obviously this is three times stronger than the dose before that. So, um, like I said, I felt something the first time, but not as strong as what I have been used to, obviously, cuz I've been on 7.5 since October, effectively. Yeah, that that was it. No side effects whatsoever. No sulfur burps, no um diarrhea, no nothing. Um I say I say nothing. Like the thing is like since I've been on it, bang, conservation again. But I'll take that. Take that. so since I've been back on it, I'm feeling fuller again. All the things that it should be doing. Um, so before when I first started, I I would the second I got a signal of, "Okay, I'm full. I'll leave the rest of my food." The problem was I wasn't getting all my calories or hitting my protein intake, which I've been prioritizing quite a bit lately. So, last night doing Valentine's, we didn't go out. We just stayed in and, you know, my wife comes really nice and whatever. I wasn't even hungry when I got home. But again, you know, that that's the that's the thing that I used to do wrong. I used to undereat. I thought, you know, I can last I can fast longer. You know, less is more kind of thing. But no, I'm trying to hit my targets, my protein intake and all that. It's all healthy food anyway. So So even though I wasn't hungry, I I I had it. um didn't overeat but that's fine. I didn't get no cramps, no no issues. So yeah, that's the only sort of side effect is constipation. I do suffer quite a bit from it while being to be honest. Like just one of those things to be honest. I'd rather have that than any other other side effect to be honest. So, um, when I first started, I was 20 stone 9 up to week 27. So, 5 weeks ago now. Wow. Um, I I lost 55 lbs in total. So, I lost effectively four stone or 3.9 stone. Since then, obviously, that's when I was a bit cocky and full of my self in the head and whatever. I could do whatever. Started taking creatine that finished on Thursday. I am absolutely buzzing. Seeing the end of that tub, that last scoop. Oh my god. Okay, so finished that. Problem solved. Um, training's been good. Now, the problem is I weighed myself. I've not gained and I've not lost a lot either, which is mad. Like, literally, it's been like that for 5 weeks now. I've maintained the same weight. Well, I've I was averaging a pound a weight. So, I put on three lbs. So, I lost four the last time I lost weight. And then gradually, I put on three pounds. So weighed myself again this morning. Mind you, I'm full. I'm constipated and and I again I only finished creatine on Thursday. So I'm assuming there's quite a bit of water weight still there. Uh I weighed myself. I am 240 lbs which just say I think it's 17 stone. So I have basically been that for the last effectively like good few weeks which is the whole thing. Why I wanted to to one I wasn't feeling my jar kin which now I am even now like I I have this like taste in my throat I had that for like much of the day and I was just loving it you know I just like literally 14 minutes later after taking I felt the boost I felt the the the taste I felt you know but again even though I am not hungry I'm still doing my intermittent fasting in. So, I'm assuming today will be 115 days, I think. Again, I'm not a breakfast person, so I'm going to I'm going to skip that, get on with my day, and then when it's like lunchtime onwards. So, um I've not lost weight, I'm going to carry on doing what I'm doing. I'm hitting my uh protein intake. Uh yeah, just go from there really. Thanks for watching. Uh if you got any questions, feel free um to do a Q&A. I'll respond to you when I can. and I'll catch you in the next

- Restarting Mounjaro After 3 Weeks… Did It Still Work?: Kind: captions Language: en Week 32 and we're back. So, if you haven't watched my last few videos, um I started taking creatine which increase weight consecutively for the last 3 weeks. And that tub should be finishing like now, like in the next 3 days. And I've not felt for possibly bit longer than that and I've been sitting there for a good while. So the weight was going up even though I was water weight it was going up. I didn't film major kind of like the whole point right um so the feeling that I used to get every time so after the injection within 30 minutes max I used to feel like a pressure like building up imagine your kettle just going off like that I felt like the boost kicking in and I always got this taste sort of tingly taste in my throat can't explain the taste but like medicinal not unpleasant but fine and that's how I always knew it was kicking in from the first day. So I've been on 7.5 milligrams since my third month. So that was uh July, August, September. So from September up to now 7.5 mil consistently. Now before I decided to say increase from 7.5 to 10 rather than go rather than do that I went from every 7 days to 6 days. And that for me was was the trick. The reason why I didn't go down to 5 days is because again I couldn't feel it regardless six days or more. So I decided to take a little break. So um I last took my injection January 23rd. I have a GLP1 tracker. So from that and the following 6 days fine missed it fine again. No side effects whatsoever. I was expecting anything. Food noise, cramps, I don't know, just anything. Uh, and I got nothing. Hence why, like I've been saying, I've not felt mjara. So maybe not even the side effects. So cut the story short, I basically went nearly 18 days, so nearly three injections without my mangaro. Diet has been on point. I've still been fasting. Uh, today was my 111th consecutive day on intermittent fasting. For me personally, it just works. Um, not really a breakfast person, so that's fine. Diet's been good. Training's been solid. 4 days a week, guaranteed. Um, and because obviously the the water weight with the creatine, you know, the weight went up. Anyway, it's like I said that I'm finishing that up now and I thought to myself, you know what? I think it's a good time to restart Naro. Now, the dilemma that I had was, like I said, I've been on 7.5 mil. do I resume after nearly two and a half weeks, 18 days off, with that after having such a long time off or do I do the common sense thing and restart at 2.5? That's exactly what I've done. So, I have two brand new 50 migram pens in the fridge and one 7.5 golden dose from the last 15 mig pen which I used the last time I yeah I injected myself in my thigh um with that one golden dose. So, the other one's just pending sitting in the fridge. So, fine, I retook it. Um and you know what? I don't know if it's mind games or or whatever, but I didn't get the boost that I've been talking about because obviously I went with 2.5 mil. So, this is technically three times less of a boost if that makes any sense. And yeah, either way I I got something in my throat, a little tingling thing. um sort of medicinally taste. Not the same one, but either way, I I I I got it. And um even even though I've not had food noise or or any sort of bad symptoms, so I took it about an hour and a half into my fast after my dinner on Sunday. from that 30 minutes after taking it. I mind you an hour and a half after my so I say two hours say after my my dinner I felt full like it kicked in and I felt like really full. So that's how I know that's what I mean guys. That's what I mean. Like read read the signs. I've been going on about that. I've not been feeling anything. So, I did say about 18 days without any injections. And yeah, funny enough, I got the thing in my throat, the taste, uh, mediciny, you know, sort of taste again, 2.5 milligram, so I'm not getting carried away. I felt really I'm just sitting there watching TV and I'm like like it feels like I've just eaten a whole meal. So that uh and that's just exhilarated my my performance from Sunday. I don't know if it's psychological or whatever, but you know what? It's so good to be back on it. And I think I genuinely needed that break. I think we all do to be honest because again since September I've been taking it every week every six days. So, um, honestly, you know what? I'm loving being back on it. And without even thinking about it, um, my next injection out of all days, genuinely haven't even thought about it or I was just just curious cuz I can for this video, it's on Valentine's Day. Out of all days, I don't know if that's a good thing or a bad thing, but either way, yeah, I'm going to be fully jabbed on Valentine's. No, not even on purpose. So, yeah, like I said, I do every six days. Um, I feel great having weighed myself. I mean, uh, the last three days I've gone very low calories because I've been, again, I've been full, you know what I mean? Again, Majora's done his thing. I'm still hit I'm still hitting my target of my protein. Um, but I've been very active. You know, we're back. Do you know what I mean? So, yeah. Um, do I recommend it? Yeah. You know what? Um, if you've been stuck on for a little while and you've done everything, I think if you can take a little break. Again, I've I've had no symptoms, no nothing bad. Uh, I've not raided the fridge or the cupboards. Well, surprised with that. Really, really am. So yeah, so a little recap. Um, it worked. Now again, I am finishing my creatine this week. So whatever the scales say considering I am back on Marcho I'm not going to try I'm going to try not to take it to heart because I'm going to I'm assuming I don't know by finishing it I'm going to probably carry on a bit of water weight as well but carry on doing Mjaro [snorts] uh see how long I can last on 2.5 milligrams before going to maybe 3.75 you know gradually. Uh so again

- Inject Mounjaro at Night or Morning? (Dr Jones DC’s 12-Hour Rule vs My Real Experience): Kind: captions Language: en When is the best time to inject a GLP1? So, personally for me, ironically apart from last time, I've always done in the morning. Um, wake up, get ready, inject, just get on with it. Um, and I've always done that to be honest. Well, mostly apart from last time. And the reason why I say last time is um I've just taken about two and a half weeks off little muro break just to you know reset recalibrate everything and I was too busy on Sunday to do that. I was out and about. I had a million things to do and then I was contemplating about when to uh restart and I just fancied it there and then I thought right okay I think it's time I think I think it's time you know I'm ready so I did it about an hour and a half after my dinner so what uh Dr. Jones DC. I'll put it on now. >> Okay, so most people inject themselves and they eat within hours. But that's actually backwards. Your GLP1 ones need time to work before food hits your system. So you're basically fighting against your own medication every single day. So simple tweak, inject, and then fast for 12 hours minimum. So get that injection in and then use that time where you're fasted afterwards. Let that medication work uninterrupted. Your insulin levels stay low, fat burning stays high, and the magic happens overnight. this timing can make a huge impact and it's one piece of a bigger puzzle. Timing matters a lot. And so he recommends doing it basically in the evening, right? Not unless you're going to inject yourself and then go 12 hours fasting from there. Now, I do intermittent fasting anyway, but that not I'm going to do like a 24-hour fast or anything ridiculous, which I don't really see the point. I haven't noticed that many benefits in me doing that to personally. Um, basically you're bit off injecting at night, fully hydrated, fully dosed up, and then, yeah, minimum 12 hours later. Basically, have breakfast if if you want to. Um, I don't know. Um, so the last time I took my injection, ironically, was in the evening, about an hour and a half after my dinner. After, mind you, I've been off it for about 18 days. After my my dinner, so I started fasting. I took the injection and I felt really, really full. So that's how felt it kicking in. Something I've not felt for the best part of a month. Hence why I want to do my little experiment. and it's paying off. Don't get me wrong, I haven't weighed myself, so I don't know, but I've I'm feeling it kicking in, which is the thing that's been lacking. So, hopefully Yeah. So, I'd love to know your feedback. Do you When do you inject it? Um, I don't know. I'm going to try that from now on. See if it generally does make a difference. So, he says the abdomen is is the most, which I do anyway. Ironically, lost the fight. again that's just don't know coincidental but I don't know um so abdomen only in the evening and go from there so the next video hopefully I get some positive feedback because ironically out of all days I am going to inject injection day will be Valentine's Day out of all days so that's one to remember so finish off for dinner before I go to bed and then yeah, which will be my week 32 update anyway. So yeah, wait and see what happens.

- GLP 1s Without Shame  What Every Woman Over 40 Needs to Know: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome. I'm Valerie. We've created this because weight loss medications are powerful tools, but your brain chemistry, habits, and emotional patterns drive your long-term success. So, there's a lot of noise about GLT1 medications, peptides, metabolic treatments. So, women are telling me that they're really overwhelmed or worse, it's like they're cheating. This is your reminder, by the way. You're not cheating. You're partnering with your biology and your brain deserves support, too. So, we believe that understanding the science behind these medications is just crucial for achieving sustainable results. By exploring GLP-1 drugs and how they interact with your brain, you can gain insight into the physiological changes that occur and how they might impact your hunger and satiety signals. But I always let people know medication alone is not enough. Your mindset and behaviors play a very pivotal role in shaping your journey. So, developing habits that stick require patience and practice. and we're going to guide you through strategies that create lasting change. We're also going to delve into that emotional side of appetite changes, helping you navigate the psychological aspects of weight management. Um, protecting your mood, metabolism, and identity is also very essential. So, we're going to provide guidance on how to maintain balance in these areas. So, together, we're going to empower you with knowledge and tools, and just to embrace a healthier lifestyle and achieve your goals with confidence. I always like to just throw out a little medical disclaimer. I'm not here to provide medical advice and I'm definitely not your provider. Always consult with your clinician if you want to make any changes or do anything different. And if you ever want to be my patient, I'm happy to give you medical advice. But in this setting, we're really just providing some education. We're going to just introduce ourselves first. So, I get to introduce Val Valerie Brand. I say Val, she's my sister. >> I know. She's a powerhouse in the field of metabolic and weight management. I mean with certifications from both the American nurses credentiing center and training through the APAM and Val brings a wealth of experience. Her unique integrative approach merges psychiatry, lifestyle medicine and longevity science. And so by focusing on personalized evidence-based care, she assists clients struggling with anxiety, depression, ADHD, and stress related weight changes. and her work aims to help individuals regain energy, focus, and emotional balance. And she is the only psychiatric nurse practitioner I know that brings the science of GLP1s into her practice. Yes, thank you. Thank you for that introduction. And then Jess, Jessica Brandt, she is my sister, so I'll introduce her. So, she's a certified life and health coach. She specializes in functional medicine and menopause. She is dedicated to empowering busy women to strengthen their confidence and well-being. Jess excels at translating really complex concepts into practical tools and she draws on her background in learning facilitation and change management. Her warm evidence-based approach combines holistic health principles with mindset coaching and behavior change strategies to guide women toward leading their lives with clarity and purpose. So together we offer comprehensive and a nurturing approach at Brown Wellness, helping individuals achieve not just physical but also mental and emotional wellness. and we're very passionate about that. So, we're very excited to share with you our topic today. The whole purpose of our conversation is somewhere along the way, the conversation about weight became very polarized. Diet culture told women they needed to be thinner. The backlash from that told women they shouldn't want to lose weight at all. But the truth is way more nuanced, and it's something I really want to get into today. Weight, especially stored around the midsection, is often a metabolic signal. It can reflect insulin resistance, inflammation, hormone shifts, and changes in muscle mass that can occur during our midlife. Alternatively, I want to just say you could have a thin body, but not a good metabolic health profile. You might have low muscle mass, high body fat, and your lab work could also indicate some metabolic dysfunction. So, that said, wanting to improve your metabolic health is not vanity, it's biology. So, today we're going to get into some topics here. We have a lot to discuss with you today. We're going to delve into the fascinating and multiaceted subject of how GLP-1 drugs interact with your brain and the importance of mindset and behavior in this process. And so, first you can see our agenda here. We're going to just explore the mechanisms through which GLP-1 drugs work in the brain, how they help regulate appetite and metabolism, understand the interaction. It's crucial as it lays the foundation for just appreciating how these drugs aid in weight management. But it's not just about the drugs. It's also about mindset and behavior and how that plays a significant role in all this. And so we'll discuss the importance of building sustainable habits. And again, this isn't about willpower. It's about creating a supportive environment and routine that just make healthy choices easier. And so we'll also touch on the emotional ramifications of appetite changes. And it's normal to experience a range of emotions addressing these. And this can lead to just a more holistic and supportive approach to weight management. So, first we'll talk about identity, finding that balance, and incorporating lifestyle changes. And so, by the end of all of this, you'll have a clear discussion of how medication can support mindset and behavior strategies to achieve your health goals effectively. So, we're going to start with the brain, and you are what you eat. Yes. And this is my favorite topic. I love nutritional psychiatry. So, I can't wait to talk about our brain and how our brain really depends on the food we eat to stay energized and balanced and especially our mood, too. How that plays a role. So, every bite you take basically sends a chemical message. Weight loss medications are going to change your hunger cues, but they don't replace good nutrition. Your brain absolutely depends on nutrient-dense foods to stay balanced, energized, and resilient. Vitamins and minerals are the building blocks of our neurotransmitters. So, this is where mood and food connect so much. And we need protein to maintain and build muscle. So, no matter if you're on a medication or not, the goal is to eat a variety of food. Most being nourishing if possible. I never like to label food good or bad or on or off limits. My point is just get as much nourishing food as you can because your brain likes it. And this is just practical generic advice that I bet any medical provider, dietician, nutritionist, trainer, they're going to say, "Eat the rainbow." And when I say rainbow, a variety of colors of foods, a combination of protein, fiber, and healthy fats. That's just the essential part of keeping our brain healthy and happy. So, as we dive into this fascinating world of weight loss medications and their interaction with our brain, now we're going to just think about and talk about how these medications communicate with just different parts of our brain to influence hunger and reward mechanisms. These are the areas of our brain responsible for regulating our appetite and waste loss medications basically can modify the signals in these centers to help reduce feelings of hunger and part of that is the reward pathways. These are crucial in the context of eating because they can drive us to consume more food for pleasure rather than necessity. But by influencing these pathways, the medications can curb cravings and the desire for that rewarddriven eating. And this kind of gets me into our topic of dopamine. Dopamine is a neurotransmitter that plays a key role in pleasure and reward. So some weight loss medications work by adjusting dopamine levels that basically leads to our reduced cravings and a more balanced mood. And then I we can't ignore stress response. Stress can often lead to overeating and certain medications can help manage this response and just reduce the likelihood of stress induced eating. And I think what's interesting is that these medications provide a comprehensive approach to tackling weight issues by addressing both biological and psychological factors. So we're going to talk about just common weight loss drugs, give you a high level overview. So I'll add value this and she's our clinician here. Sure. I do prescribe these meds. I think these meds are game changers for patients struggling and they're not for everyone and we'll get into that too. So you could take a look at the slide. We got our cylutine or tracepide. So I'm going to get into some of these just this gets them in a visual form so you can see what we're dealing with here. There's a lot of media attention around weight loss and diabetic treatments just treating diabetes in general. Emaglutide and tepatide have become household names. Everyone knows the ozic commercial and Serena Williams and her commercial injecting herself on TV. But both medications have shown really impressive results. And if you understand the key differences, it can help you have a more informed conversation with a licensed medical provider about which option might be right for you. So semiglutide is a GLP-1 receptor agonist. That's like the fancy way of saying GLP1 for short. GLP1 receptor agonist. GLP1 stands for glucagon like peptide 1. It mimics a natural hormone in your gut. We all have GLP-1 already in our gut. We have this. This just adds more. So it's mimicking this hormone and it helps regulate our appetite and blood sugar levels. Semaglutide is going to slow down how quickly our food moves through our stomach and then we feel fuller longer. It reduces cravings and this improves how our liver manages our blood sugar as well. And so if you think about semlutide we're getting into ompic and wobbi. Ompic is for managing type 2 diabetes and wobb is for weight loss FDA approved. But just letting you know semiglutide is what the generic version. You know how that works in medicine right? Ibuprofen is Advil. Acettophen is Tylenol. Aglutide is oic right. Tzepide is a dual aagonist. So I want to talk about that next. So that's going to be it's called dual for two meaning it activates GLP-1 and GIP. That was a mouthful. Glucose dependent insulinotropic polyeptide receptor. So we've got two things happening here. But the addition of GIP enhances the effects of the GLP1. Potentially it just what it's doing is offering a stronger and broader impact on blood sugar control and weight loss. The biggest thing the effectiveness of weight loss is that both medications are very effective for weight management but tzepide has shown slightly greater results. So semlutide leads to about 15 to 16% reduction of body weight whereas the tzepide can result in 14 to 18% weight loss and many clinical settings report even greater success than that. For individuals whose primary goal is weight loss, trespatide's edge ineffectiveness might be a deciding factor. And most patients do report less nausea on trespathide, which could be a deciding factor for some. Appetite for some people can be emotional. Stress, transitions, fatigue, frustration, like all of these things activate that I need something signal. And GLP1s pull in the physical hunger, but that emotional hunger still needs attention. And so when women have these cravings that just suddenly disappear or drop, they just say, "I feel strange, like I don't know what to do, or I didn't realize how much eating helped me cope, and it's totally normal. It just means your brain's rewiring." But I think by understanding and nurturing the emotional side of hunger, we can create a balanced approach to our well-being. And so we want to kind of dive into some of that a little bit more. If you're on a weight loss medication, you're going to be adjusting to this new phase. And it's really important to explore other fulfilling activities that can replace the emotional role food once played in your life. So engaging in hobbies, exercising, spending quality time with your friends and family that can bring a lot of joy and satisfaction. So we have to remember the transition is a journey of discovering new ways to nurture your well-being physically and emotionally. Now as lovely patients know, consider keeping a journal, track your thoughts, track your feelings during this kind of transformative period. It can really provide insight into your evolving relationship with food and help identify patterns and triggers that previously led to a lot of cravings. Additionally, the mindfulness practices such as meditation and yoga, they can enhance your awareness and just help you stay grounded. I just let my patients know, celebrate your progress, be patient with yourself as you navigate these changes and kind of embrace this opportunity to redefine your identity and feel like you're in harmony with your new brain chemistry, your wellness goals. This is a total package and I think sometimes that we miss that part when it comes to these medications. Jess is going to talk about identity as a health and life coach. This is a huge part of what she does and helps our patients with. >> Yeah, it's been interesting. So, when this medication starts to work, you're not just losing weight, you're losing that old way of being and just how you soothe, how you reward, how you comfort, and just reset yourself. It totally shifts. And I work a lot with my clients on just this very thing. and your identity just needs time to adjust. And that's why this mindset work we do matters just as much as the medication. And so mood and metabolism are linked. We can't ignore that component to we're feeling down, feeling anxious. Sometimes we can't ignore the fact that this could be connected to our blood sugar, right? So if your blood sugar is erratic, your mood's going to be erratic. These medications really help stabilize our appetite, but you've got to stabilize your energy, too. And that's why we talk about protein, fiber, movement, sleep, stress reduction. These all come in to how our mood and metabolism are linked. And that kind of leads me into again that whole reward system and how this reward system can change. And dopamine changes. I've talked about dopamine. Mood becomes less exciting when you're on these drugs. And if nothing else in your life feels exciting, people say they feel flat. And this is why we talk about building new rewards, moving your body, accomplishing a task, doing something creative, and just connecting with your friends and your family. That can give you that dopamine boost you need that you may used to be getting from food. It still needs that joy, and you have to give it that joy. And so, it'll be interesting talking about just the role of willpower in all this as well. Oh, sure. Cindy to say, go do something fun. Yeah. boost your mood. That's really tricky. Or the old things that helped us feel good were interrupting, right? The other point we're really trying to make too is the GLP1 medications aren't a shortcut to anything. They're really just scaffolding and again getting into this building supportive habits, identity change, doing things different. Your brain's working a little different. So, I want to give women permission to say to themselves, you can't rely on willpower alone, and that's okay. And the GLP1s are not a shortcut. um they're scaffolding and without good habits, routines, and supportive environment. The old patterns return the moment the medication stops or stress spikes. That's just kind of what our brain does. It defaults into what it always is used to doing. So that's where a lot of the supportive habits are a huge part of >> our program. I don't want to plug our program at this moment, but my point is it's a total package, right? You've got to work on identity and new habits, but also when your body starts to change, you can lose some muscle with fat. then that's a recipe for disaster and not the goal. So, we always want your body composition to change. So, we're going to get into that topic as well. But first, we're going to do some myth busting because I think we've heard not all of it, I'm sure, but we've heard a lot of it. And so, I think we have five or six myths and facts we wanted to share specifically because they can change the whole conversation if you're coming in with maybe not so correct set of facts. That's fair. That's fair. So, let's start with the first myth. GLP-1 medications are just weight loss drugs. What's the truth, Val? Fact. GLP-1 medications have other benefits as well. They're not just for weight loss. They decrease hunger and decrease food intake, but they also help people lose weight. They were first developed to treat type 2 diabetes. And GLP1 medicate can cause your body to make extra insulin after you eat, which also helps lower blood sugar. GLP1s have other benefits as well. They can help improve lipid disorders and fatty liver disease, lower blood pressure, reduce the risk of kidney and heart disease, delay the progression of diabetes complications and diabetes related neuropathy. And most of these drugs are given through injection, but there are some that come in a pill form. The biggest breakthrough I think is that sleep apnea. The FDA did approve Tzepide for sleep apnea treatment. So that's a game changer. I don't want to ignore that. So there's a lot of benefits. It's not just weight loss. Yep. This is my next myth. All prescription weight loss medications are the same. That can't be true. Fact, there are 11 GLP-1 medications that are approved by the US Food and Drug Administration. So, there are some overlap, but they all affect your body a little different. They don't all have the same treatment goals. For example, drugs like Mjaro and Noepic treat type 2 diabetes, whereas WGO and Zeppbound treat overweight and obesity in people with comorbid conditions like high blood pressure. There are some meds you take daily, some are weekly. I heard they're working on a monthly one. There's oral pills. There's lots of choices. These have been around for a long time. They're actually not that new. Next myth. Anyone who wants to lose weight should take a GLP1 agonist. Ah, the fact is whether or not you should take a GLP1 actually depends on many factors including your current health and medical history. So, I really want to get into that. If you're pregnant or breastfeeding, trying to get pregnant, that one's even up for debate at this moment, by the way. A lot of research coming out. These things change constantly. they are getting so much research out personal family history of medularary thyroid cancer or multiple endocrine neoplasia those are hard stops and then there's also a lot of nuance with disordered eating known eating disorder patterns that one can be tricky >> so it's a very individual and personalized conversation that patients have to have for sure it's not super black and white but there are some hard stops the other thing we hear a lot is insurance does not cover GLP-1 drugs is that true it depends Yeah, it's that's its own navigation, but I think that's a big hang up for a lot of patients that want to be on them. Actually, for some insurance companies do cover them, but navigating the coverage can be a little tricky. In many cases, you have type two diabetes, but for weight loss, it sometimes you have to do a little more work if you're on the prescribing end of things. But as a patient, sometimes you have to do a little work, too. You have to collect some medical records. If you had a sleep apnea test done, a sleep study done, you have to provide that and submit that to insurance to help get it covered. Um, you need records of high blood pressure, high cholesterol, some other obesity related condition. You might have to jump through some hoops. Some plans do require prayer authorization, which your provider will submit, and then tell them why you need the medication, why you qualify for it, and then sure can decide if they want to pay. And then it might be a hassle, but I always tell people, don't let it stop you. Let's just keep it going. And there are some prescribers who do find it a hassle and don't want to do it. I do the best I can for my patients to get coverage so they don't have to pay as much and make it more affordable. Let's do another myth. I think we have one or two more. GLP ones are the easy way out. Oh, we hear that from people sometimes. It's a myth. No matter how hard someone tries, how many lifestyle changes they make, there are factors like genetics or medical conditions that can make losing weight really difficult. In these cases, GLP1 medications are a gamecher. I always just let people know obesity is a disease. Just like beriatric surgery, GLP ones are medical treatments. They're not cosmetic ones. And I think the tricky part from the mental health side of things is there are medications that we prescribe in mental health that cause weight gain. And that's unfair, isn't it? To say, "Here, this is supposed to help you feel better, but I might also cause some metabolic problems for you." >> Just letting you know there are just meds that can make things worse. So, I just feel like it's only fair to offer these options for patients and they should ask about them and not feel bad about asking. I think that's the whole thing is >> just reduce the shame and just say, "I'm stuck. I need help." And I think a lot of times they've been dismissed so many times that they don't want to ask for help anymore. And this last myth is related to the one we just talked about. If you take a GLP1 medication, that's all you need to do. They're not magical. No, they are not magical. But the real fact here is that GLP ones might be a key for helping people manage diabetes or lose weight, but they're not magical. Maintaining a healthy diet, getting physical activity, those are very important. And it's really a group of activities. Sometimes they start on the med and it's a catalyst for some of those lifestyle changes that they've been told to do for years on end that just they struggle to do. Eat well, exercise. Sometimes the meds get them going on that path and that's where the magic does happen. We're going to talk about things that are magical or you hear my hair is falling out stories. That's a nutritional deficiency. Low on iron, low on B vitamins, low on zinc. It's really just I'm not nourishing my body. I'm not eating healthy foods. That's the biggest thing is a healthy diet. And we can circle back to my nutritional psychiatry plug. Eat well for your brain and for your hair. This is a perfect segue into if you are on GLP1s. What are the non-negotiables to make these medications work sustainably? These are the top three. Protein at every meal, movement most days, and nervous system reset. A lot of people do the morning brain reset ritual. And these habits really just stabilize your mood, your energy, your cravings, and they're really what make the medications work really well. And so, as you incorporate these, you could really see the transformation. And a lot of these are just small consistent steps. When we work with our clients and patients, it's just these conversations we have to have. Aim for movement you enjoy. Incorporate protein into every meal. Give yourself a moment each day just to reenter your mind. Whether it's meditation, journaling, or just enjoying a cup of tea. It's just this idea that all these work together as a system. And without that system along with the medication, it's just really hard to see any sort of results or the goals you're trying to meet. And so this is all about making the medication work with your body, not against it. What gets in the way? Life. What gets in the way? Especially for women over 40, I would even say younger women who have young kids at home and they're in their 30s, for example. >> Um, I always tell people, you're probably not lacking any discipline. Actually, you're just carrying too much. You're carrying too much. This season of life is really busy and demanding. I think some women in their 40s too, we call it the sandwich where they've got kids and parents that they're taking care of and that's super challenging. So, really at this time recognizing how busy and demanding life is, just need more alignment and not intensity. We don't need to make things harder or more stressful, right? So recognize self-care is crucial. It's not an indulgence. It's really a necessity. Creating a foundation that supports you in every aspect of your life and just considering integrating small, manageable changes and that can create a real ripple effect of positive outcomes. Focus on nourishing your body with balanced meals. Make sure you're including protein to sustain your energy levels through the day and maintain your muscle mass. Incorporating movement into your routine, whether it's a brisk walk, yoga, strength training. You don't have to do all the things every day, but these things boost your mood and keep your body really resilient. >> That's a whole other topic. Exercise and mental health, by the way, but that's for another day. >> Yeah. >> Don't underestimate the power of a morning brain reset ritual, like maybe a meditation or journaling or just a quiet cup of coffee where there's not any stimulation. You just get a moment to yourself. Set a positive tone for your whole day. Our whole goal is this. This is not about pushing harder. It's about finding some kind of harmony. Let's use the word harmony. Harmony. >> Harmony. Just so that what you're doing aligns with your values and you can create a sustainable way of being. I think that's the biggest thing. Back to the diet culture. It becomes this all or do it all pass fail. And really we're creating something sustainable. That is the goal. And another big missing piece of that is nervous system regulation. What does that mean? If your brain's in fight or flight, your weight loss is going to stall. Your digestion is going to slow down. You're going to have more cravings. You're going to just not have great sleep. And so, even just incorporating a few calming practices can really be game changers for your health goals. And even if you're on these drugs, you really need to also think about your nervous system for the drugs to work better. So whether that's box breathing, inhale for four, hold for four, exhale for four, pause for four, doing that, grounding, just noticing what you feel in your body, having those morning rituals, >> just I think a lot of people I work with, women, just managing those transitions they have. How do you wind up from work? How do you get ready for bed? How do you pause mindfully during the day between all of your meetings? and just incorporating some of these practices can really help calm that fight or flight which will then support the medication working and all the other healthy habits you're doing. So nervous system regulation is a huge component of what we do as well in all of this. And that ties into the next piece of your relationship with food changing and going back to that sense of as your hunger is shifting, you start to feel a little unsure. What's my portion size? Am I full? What are my cues of I'm hungry? Are they dampened? I don't know. and just feeling satisfied. This is why it's so important to create a gentle structure for eating. I always say less restriction or guidance. So, start by tuning into your body's signals, practicing mindful eating. Pay attention to when you're truly hungry and when you're full. And this might involve slowing down. And that's that nervous system regulation. Slowing down during your meals to savor each bite, which can help you identify your body needs a little better. Incorporating a variety of foods that provide nourishment and enjoyment. And I think balance is the key here. again and shoes. It just the meals need protein, healthy fats, carbohydrates, and lots of color for fruits and vegetables. Hot tip, exchange fiber and carbohydrates with fruits and vegetables. Everyone's so afraid of carbohydrates. These are fruits and vegetables. This supports our physical health and contributes to our mental health and well-being. Again, building blocks of our neurotransmitters. Staying hydrated. Sometimes we do mistake thirst for being hungry. You got to keep water handy throughout the day. A flip side of that is some of these meds can squash your thirst drive. I don't feel thirsty. Noon is upon us. I haven't had a drink of water yet. Why do I feel like this? Oh, drink the water. I didn't drink water cuz I don't feel thirsty. So, sometimes we have to do things that are guided. I'm not thirsty, but I need to do it anyway. But just be kind to yourself. Develop a healthy relationship with food. This is a journey. I think a lot of people don't have a healthy relationship with food because of all the mixed messages we're constantly getting. It's a journey, not a destination. So, we have to be okay with some flexibility, listening to our body's needs, and allowing oursel to just enjoy the process without all that self- judgment. Yeah. I'm passing. I'm failing. I'm good at this. I suck at this. Today's a bad day. Screw it. It's going through the process and being okay with that. >> Yeah. And again, when we zoom out a little bit, what's the goal here? It's not just weight loss. It's energy. It's clarity. It's confidence. It's feeling like yourself again. This whole process is just as much about emotional freedom as it is about physical change. And especially when you think about weight, we're really focused on that weight stored in the midsection because that's the metabolic signal. And that's where we see the insulin resistance, hormonal shifts, changes in our muscle mass that occur during midlife. And we'll say this again for those in the back. Wanting to improve metabolic health is not vanity. It's biology. and improving your metabolic health will improve your mind, body, and your mood. Yes. So, this is where we'll start talking a little bit how we approach things here at Brent Wellness and just some of the ways we work with our patients just so you have an awareness of that. So, let's talk about our approach. So, how do we do this at Brent Wellness? Our approach blends nutritional psychiatry, metabolic health, behavioral coaching, all three together. It's treating the whole person, your brain, your habits, your hormones, and your life. this our model you can see how that those things overlap. This is a key point. If you don't remember anything today, remember weight alone is not a helpful metric. That's true. We we look deeper than that. So, how do we approach our patients holistically? We approach midlife health through the lens of mood, metabolism, and nervous system regulation because these systems are very connected. And as you can see, Let's look at this body composition example. Person A weighs 155 pounds. Muscle mass is low. Visceral fat's high. Person B 155 pounds. Muscle mass is high. Visceral fat is low. Their blood pressure is normal. Their cholesterol is normal. Their blood sugar is normal. Their ADHD seems moderate to low. Anxiety, depression scores are low. These people are the same weight, but look at that. Our blood pressure is high. Our lipids are high in person A. So, >> we can't just go, "Oh, you weigh 155 pounds. You're great." It's more complicated. That's how we do things. We look at the whole person. We break it into three sections. So having said all that, after learning so much about your brain and body, this is the part where we provide you as information for how to work with us. If you're interested in being a patient or you're a provider and you want to place a referral, just somewhere to send your patients. So just you know, this is not a sales pitch. This is just so you can learn about what we offer. So if you or someone you know could benefit, you just know what we have. We're not going to email you. We're not going to call you. We're not going to message you. So we offer a 12-week program. We It's called the lighten up. Lighten up mind. Reset your mood and metabolism. We want 12 weeks because it takes some time. This isn't a crash diet. This takes some time and structure to do. Let's tell you a little bit more about our 12-week program. >> And if you're interested in working with us, it's getting started is actually pretty easy. What we do is we'll schedule an intake and before your intake, you're going to get some lab work done. It's a comprehensive lab review and mental health evaluation. So, you're going to fill out lots of mental health assessment forms, frankly, and you're going to get a huge 14 lab panel completed, which is very integrative psychiatry approach. There's a lot of other things mixed in it that maybe your average doctor is not doing. And then when you leave that 90minute intake, you're going to have a pretty solid understanding of 12 metrics that examine metabolism, mood, and cognition. And when I say cognition, I'm talking focus, memory, brain fog, those kinds of things. and it's going to help you determine, it's going to give you a road map so you can move forward with your health goals. And after the intake, you get two choices. If you're interested in working with us, you can enroll in our 12-week program. Or if you don't want to take any action after the intake, you still get all your labs, you get your mental health evaluation, you get recommendations, and if you do not choose any ongoing treatment, that's okay. Most women do work on their goals, and they're very excited and motivated to work on their goals. So after your intake and lab review, you can do our 12-week program. We have three levels of support because again, everyone's a little different. The things they need are a little bit different depending on that lab panel and interpretation. They might want some different things. So the first option we offer people is we just call it the jump start. >> And it's really self-guided. It's an approach to lifestyle changes, not medication. You get that full intake lab review, and then you get an eating guide, a training guide, habit trackers, weekly educational emails, and two follow-up visits for that medical oversight. And so, this is probably the most hands-off for those selfarters. Like, okay, I think I need I think I know what I need to do, but just give me a little bit of help. >> Yeah, jump starts perfect for that. >> So, the next one though is momentum, which is for those women who just want that GLP-1 support and a little more guidance. Yep. And so why don't you talk about that one? >> Yeah. And this is the big game changer. So program is you're going to get GLP1. It's included. So there's no surprise of how much does this cost? It's included. But this one's important because these are the women who are already doing a lot of support things, but they want more structure, support, accountability, and this is coaching every other week. So you get to see me as your clinician. You get to see Jess as the coach. And you get your medical oversight if we're having a GLP1. So, this includes everything in Jumpstart, more advanced labs, health coaching with goal setting meetings, bi-weekly teley health coaching so you can meet your personal goals. The weeks we don't meet, you can expect an email from Jess checking in on you and supporting you. And then once a month, you'll come into my office. We'll check in how you're doing, address symptoms, body composition. Our most supportive program that we also see a lot of women participating in is our transformation. And this is really for those women who are they're all in. Yeah. This is hight touch care. You get to see Val a lot. You see me weekly, but with this you get extra peptides that support weight loss with the GLP1s. You get custom workouts, weekly coaching. So you get everything in jump start and momentum plus more personalized plans, more coaching and more support. So these are for those women who are ready to see big results and just need a lot of support. This is their package. It's for those women who are just ready to make it happen with their health goals. There's no wrong choice here. What do you need? What's practical? If you're ready to reset your mood and metabolism, we are here. You can book your intake with us and we're happy to help you. You can just go to our website and check things out, get some more information. You can always send us messages as well to our email. We're happy to help. If you want to learn more about mood metabolism and women's autonomy and health decisions, we have a free GLP-1 guide for anyone. Maybe you're already on one and maybe you just want some guidance or maybe you know someone on one. Maybe they want some guidance. Thank you so much for joining.

- WEIGHT LOSS Update 27 - Zepbound Shot 20 (GLP-1/Mounjaro): Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to Amy Loses It. I want to thank you for joining me on this new channel where I'm going to continue documenting my journey to lose 180 lbs. In this video, I'm going to cover my weight loss results from week 26 of my journey and shot number 20 of Zetbound at 10 milligrams. I also want to briefly touch on basil metabolic rate or BMR and how I use this to determine my maximum calorie intake with a goal of 1.5 weight loss per week. For a refresher, as of my last video that went through my weigh-in on June 28th, 2025, I'd lost a total of 24 lbs. So, I went from 304 lbs on January 1st to 280 lb on June 28th. Now, that time covered 25 weeks of my weight loss journey. 19 shots of either compounded tepatide or name brand zapbound and my ultimate goal has been to lose 1.5 pounds per week. So it was my aim to be at 265 lbs by the June 28th weighin. Well, that didn't happen. And now I'm 15 lbs behind my target goal. The first mini goal I set up for myself was a 50 lb weight loss because I wanted to try and break this journey up into small chunks instead of just focusing on the whole 180 lbs at one time. And I set my 50 lb goal for my August 16th weighin. Now, this was based on losing that 1.5 lbs per week for 33 weeks. But as I've been going through this journey, I knew I was a bit behind. So, I know I'm not going to make that goal. So, I've shifted my focus to be 50 lbs down by September 13th. I'm flying later that week for vacation, and I really, really want to hit my non-scale victory of not having to use a seat belt extender. So, let's see how much closer I've gotten to the goal of losing 50 lbs. I started out at 280 lbs on June 28th, and I took shot number 20 to start my 27th week of weight loss. At the end of the week, I weighed in on July 5th at 278 pounds. I was ecstatic to lose 2 lbs in a week, and that brings me to a total weight loss of 26 lbs. So, now I'm just one pound more than halfway to my 50 lb weight loss goal. Along the way, I've been adjusting my calorie intake, trying to find that magic number that works for my body. And there have been lots of ups and downs on the scale throughout my journey. And I hope that really focusing on my nutrition will help me maximize my weight loss. Now, I have seen a dietician that has helped me with meal planning, nutrition requirements, and they helped me learn how to determine my calorie intake needs by using the basil metabolic rate or BMR calculator. If you're not familiar with BMR, it's really the base calories that your body needs to burn just performing life sustaining functions. So really, it's the calories that you would need to burn if you're just going to lie in bed all day and do nothing. Uh there are plenty of free calculators out there on the internet, and you just plug in your gender, your height, your weight, and your age, and it spits out a list of calorie requirements based on your activity level. Now, for my level, I chose sedentary or little to no activity. You should choose whatever activity level best matches your lifestyle. And you'll notice the minimum calorie requirements for your body increases with each activity level. I do want to point out though that as you're losing weight, you should go back in and readjust the settings because as you lose, your body requires less calories to functions. So you don't want to inadvertently be overeing and not losing weight and be stalled because you need to readjust your number. Now I initially started out at a BMR of 2300 calories maximum per day. But as I wanted to lose 1.5 lbs per week, I needed to figure out how much I needed to reduce my calories to hit that goal. So I needed to reduce my daily intake to achieve the level of loss. And as one pound is equivalent to 3500 calories, I needed to cut 5,250 calories per week or 750 calories daily out of my food intake. My initial goal was set to eat 1,550 calories per day. Now, I did struggle with this in the beginning, but I started slowly reducing my calories over time. And as I started taking the Tresepide, meeting my calorie goal became easier and easier. I did eventually get to the goal of 1550 calories per day, and I've stayed at that range until I hit 280 lbs. Now, last week, I decided to go in and recalculate my BMR for the weight loss, and it dropped my daily calories by about 130 per day. So, my new goal for the foreseeable future is 1420 calories per day. And as you can see from the new map I use for calorie tracking, I was at an average of 1355 calories per day for this past week, but I lost 2 lbs. I do like to look at my week as an average because some days I eat more and some days I eat less. And this is really helpful to accommodate going out to dinner with friends or if you have some other event where you can't control the food being served. Now, you can always control what you put in your mouth, but you can't control what other people are providing. So, don't beat yourself up. If you're over on one day, you can reduce your calorie intake slightly for the following days to make up the difference. BMR is such a helpful tool to help guide you in the right direction with your calorie intake. If you're using this method, just don't forget to adjust your starting point as you're losing weight or adding or decreasing activity. So, be on the lookout for my next video that's going to cover weight loss surgery versus weight loss medication, and you'll find out why I said absolutely no way to weight loss surgery. And stay tuned for my future weigh-in videos, and we'll see if I can lose this weight before I lose my mind. You know, I really think it's going to be a close one. And I really want to thank you for watching and checking in on my weight loss journey. If you'd like to help my channel grow, don't be shy about hitting that like button. And if you want to continue to see content like this, make sure you subscribe to my channel. And if you want to be notified every time I release a new video, hit that notification bell and turn your notifications on. Have a fabulous day. Good luck in your weight loss journey and I'll see you in the next video. [Music]

- GLP-1’s for Longevity: The Trend is Bigger than Weight Loss: Kind: captions Language: en We are live and I am excited for today talking about >> good >> GOP ones. Um >> nice >> very exciting topic because how popular they are. People are >> um yeah I mean all the time you hear about them over the news so much false information out there. We already got 25 people who've joined us. Um >> oh great I hope we have a lot of comments. I want people to comment, ask their questions >> so we can provide some clarity on this stuff for sure. >> Yeah. Well, we're waiting for um people to roll in here, guys. Why don't you um people are joining us live. We love to interact with you. Um comment, let us know where you're from. >> Hey, what's going on? What's going on, Brandy? Thanks for commenting. Uh yeah, guys, say hey. Give us an emoji. Uh we love having you here with us. So, uh today is going to be on GLP1. Like I was just saying, we're going to be primarily focused on weight loss, but also some of the other um kind of applications of them. We're going to be talking about myths, applications, when not to use them, um conventional medicine, functional medicine. Um everything we're talking about today, this is not medical advice. This is for educational purposes only. Um we are going to be doing some Q&A at the end. So if you guys are going to ask questions, just make sure they're raw. Don't ask like questions relating to yourself. Otherwise, we're going to change the question or we're going to skip it. So, make ask questions, make sure they're broad and not like, hey, should I take this drug? We're not going to answer that. Um, so, you know, that said, Dr. Rard, for those who don't know you, why don't you give a little context and kind of like your background and um your expertise with peptides and more specifically GLP1s? >> Sure. Um, yeah, I'm I'm Dr. Colin Bernard. I'm one of the providers at MedMatrix. Um, I have a broad background. I'm multiple board certified in chiropractic medicine, natural medicine. Um, I have fellowship training in functional medicine. Um, I practice medicine as a PA. Um, I'm also a diplomat with the American Academy of Anti-aging Medicine. So, I've learned a lot of peptides through some of my additional like post-graduate training. Um, and use peptides a lot in med matrix, use peptides for myself, um, educate my friends on peptides. It's become a huge thing um, in my day-to-day. So, we use a lot of peptides at Med Matrix. Patients love them. Patients are getting great results. Um, but there's unfortunately a lot of information online, a lot of things in the stratosphere that can confuse people about peptides, specifically the GLP1 peptides. So, um, something we want to talk a lot about today. >> Yeah. Okay. Let's just start let's start from the ground up like what are GLP1? So a GLP-1 it stands for glucagon like peptide one. Um so glucagon like peptide is a hormone that's naturally produced in the gut and it regulates a lot of things in the body such as your blood sugar. Um it slows down your digestion and it signals one of the things it actually does for appetite is it signals fullness to the brain after you eat. Um so when when we translate this to big pharma um or medication what they've done is they have created a synthetic version of the GLP1 that's how they were able to patent um the peptide in a medication form. So the synthetic version of the GLP-1s they're known as GLP-1 receptor agonists and these are the pharmaceutical medications ompic wagi mangjaro um aka semiglutide tzepatide laglutide um and they're predominantly used to treat diabetes type two diabetes um and obesity by mimicking this specific hormone. So um that's kind of the bread and butter of what they are. They're basically stimulating insulin production when blood sugar is high. So the insulin is the major hormone that controls your blood sugar. Um when you have high blood sugar, it stimulates insulin to reduce it. Um and it helps stabilize glucose levels. So that's like basic 101 of GLP-1s. You say basic, but that was a lot of >> Sorry, that's as basic as I can make it. Yeah. >> Okay. Let's let's try to make it even more basic. I'm going to challenge you with this question. In 30 seconds or less, how do GLP1s actually help you lose weight? Like what like what's the basic mechanism simply described that helps you lose weight? >> So basic mechanism is they slow down how stomach empties. Number one, >> um they keep you feeling full longer. Number two, and they act on the brain to reduce cravings and reduce your appetite. That's like a very basic three-pronged approach of what the GLP1 does in the body. Um, we can certainly talk about all the other significant things it's doing and I think we should um because this isn't just like a weight loss drug. It really changes your metabolism, but that's kind of a basic principle of what it's doing. >> Totally. Yeah. And we're going to get into that today. We're going to dive deep into GP1s, what they are, why how they work. Um, I guess where do you think would be important because we're, you know, we're educating people on GLP1's here. So, where do you think would be important for us to go next just on this like GLP-1 education journey? What do you think? >> So, I I think it's important to really talk about they're they're being they're being marketed to people, you know, significantly to treat obesity, but it's much more than that. So, I really think we need to take a deep dive into what the GLP1 is doing in the body and the different body systems. So, it's not necessarily just, oh, take this drug to lose weight. Um, it's really changing your entire metabolism and the way your body reacts to food, the way you interpret food mentally, um, and also like physiologic response to food. So, there's a lot of really cool, uh, physiologic changes that the GLP1s are acting on. So, I think that's something we need to dive into. Um, and we can we can sort of talk about how the GLP-1 affects multiple layers of the metabolism simultaneously. That's I think a really great place to start. Yeah. Not just your appetite. >> Yeah, let's do that because I think when a lot of people who are maybe um not as educated as you know you per se would think, okay, weight loss is all about metabolism. So, um let's dive in. How like how do how do G gl GLP-1s affect your metabolism? >> Yeah. So, um GLP1s work um when so many other like diets or other types of weight loss medications fail because it is affecting, as I said, multiple layers of the metabolism simultaneously. It's not just reducing your appetite. It's not just saying, "Oh, I'm going to eat less, so I'm going to lose weight." And as we've talked about on this podcast specifically, I've said it many times, you can't just eat less and lose weight. That's totally counterintuitive. Um, so really what's going on with the GLP1 is they're changing several systems that are often dysfunctional in the body and um, in patients with obesity and metabolic disease. So the first one and then we can stop in between if we want to talk and comment. The first one is the brain. So on the the GLP1 on the brain, it increases satiety signals basically feelings of being full. Okay. When you eat um, it reduces food noise. So food noise is like a quote unquote kind of like a we call it food noise. It's a it's a term that really is this little thing here like eat something, eat something, eat something, right? Um like emotional eating, reward driven eating, right? Why do we eat food that feels good? Why do we sit and eat an entire bag of popcorn? Because it feels good, right? There's a reward from it. There's like this spike in dopamine and some of your neurotransmitters that feels good from eating these foods. So the GLP1 can kind of shut that off. So it lowers cravings for highly palatable foods, which is really important, right? A lot of people struggle with obesity or metabolic issues because they don't know how to control this like insane drive to eat, especially poor quality food. Um, so the brain's set point for hunger really shifts down and it prevents that strong biological drive to eat, >> which is really really cool because if you do this for long enough, it will rewire how you uh like your emotional um relationship with food really. >> And that's one of the biggest reasons why people fail at weight loss is they do not know how to change their emotional relationship with food. And that is an insanely important part of weight loss journeys for people. So, um that's a really important thing. >> Gotcha. So, one thing that that I think is really important to address um is this being a pharmaceutical because a lot of patients who Well, I guess let me ask you this. Are you like anti- big pharma? >> No, no, no, no, no. Um we I mean I use I prescribe medication every day. So, um I'm certainly >> What's the difference? Because a lot of people come to functional medicine because they don't want that like pill forward approach, right? They don't want to just be a pill for every ill. You know, cover up your symptoms with pills. And you know, GLP1s, if you go on social media, you'll see some people love them, some people hate them. So, I guess like the point of this, I mean, big part of like what we're doing today is about kind of like finding the middle ground of like, >> right, >> when it's reasonable. like what is different like what is different about a GLP-1 versus like kind of your typical pharmaceutical drug if that does that make sense? >> Well, a GLP-1 is a pharmaceutical drug. We need to make that clear. It's not that it's it's it's not a natural thing. I mean GLP1s occur naturally in the body, but the the medications are synthetic forms of um what's naturally occurring in the body. So, we have to remember that. Um, the way I explain it to my patients and the way I sort of illustrate this as part of people's treatment plans is it's a tool, right? We use this as a tool because as we're going to continue to talk, the GLP1 is being utilized not just for weight loss, it's being used to change the physiology of your metabolism, change your relationship with food. Um, so there's a lot of really positive benefits that we can get out of using it, but we have to look at it as a risk benefit analysis, right? There are risks. There are long-term effects that we don't know a lot about. It's still a fairly new drug. Um, and we have to be concerned about what happens when the drug is stopped, which we can get into probably later in the podcast after we review some of these other things. But, >> um, it's it is a tool. And we also need to talk about what you do with it. It's not just a and I've said this before on the podcast when we've talked about other types of peptides. peptides, specifically GLP1s, are not a free-for-all. Like, oh, here you go. Here's your weight loss injection once a week and you can go eat crispy cream every day and run through Burger King and McDonald's and just eat really bad food all the time. >> That's not it doesn't give you license to just go haywire. You really have to change your uh lifestyle. You have to change your eating habits. And that's how people become successful with the drug is as a tool to get to their goals. Um, so it is not just a set it and forget it, free-for-all, do what you want. >> Okay. So, >> gotcha. I guess what I was getting at because we've done a lot of these shows together already >> and we did we did a whole episode on statin medications and talking about big pharma and you seem to be a lot more open-minded about GLP1s than you do to things like statins or other, you know, pharmaceuticals. Why? Like why do you like the GLP1 drug more than kind of some of the more common pharmaceuticals I guess is what I'm getting at. >> Well, it's not that it's so you're right. I mean there are certain pharmaceuticals that I think are overprescribed or just not prescribed in the right way. Um I'm not a huge if patients come in and they say I want to lose weight. My immediate reaction is not okay GLP1 by you know here's your script. Have a nice day. I'll see you in three months. That's not really that's not necessarily the my my immediate reaction, but it is a tool, right? It is a tool and especially if patients have significant and I'll call it disease process. I know that's a little bit of a harsh word, but when we talk about certain disease process like really really uncontrolled diabetes, really really bad metabolic syndrome which could consist of high blood pressure, significant obesity, heart disease, right? Using these drugs as a tool could start to lower patients risk of some of these long-term complications from these issues and these chronic diseases um while we are almost training the patient to change the way they live and change the way they have a relationship with food, change lifestyle. So I make it very clear that this is a tool that we use. This isn't just a you know set it and forget it but um it doesn't come without risks which we'll talk about too. Um, but it it is something that I feel can be used in a very appropriate way under really close monitoring with their provider. >> Um, and then we can I'll touch on this. It's it's not really what we're talking about on this podcast, but there's a lot of new evidence that the GLP-1 medications are being used for other types of complex chronic illness. Um, we've talked about mass activation syndrome, which is a very complex multi-system immune system dysfunction issue. um it's being used in patients with immune dysregulation, autoimmune disease. Um so we're seeing benefits of these drugs far beyond just weight loss and metabolic disease. So I think there's a lot of promise here, but it's still they're new, >> right? And and I think using them in a controlled environment is important. So >> it's it's it's a balance. Totally. >> So GLP1s for autoimmune, can you expand on that? Well, the the not to get too off far off topic, but the GLP1s um are highly anti-inflammatory some of them. So, and they can also reduce immune driven inflammatory response. So they're being studied in patients with complex autoimmune conditions, complex immuno deficiency, um long COVID, things like um you know, MCCAST, which we've talked about a lot. So they're they're going far beyond just weight loss because of how they um affect inflammation in the body. And that's one of the primary things that it's doing. How does GP I guess like how does a GLP-1 reduce inflammation in the body? >> It affects certain inflammatory cells. We call them inflammatory cytoines. Um so inflammatory cytoines are cells that drive inflammation. So the GLP-1 reduces them and the GLP-1 also has direct effect on certain immune cells, calming them down, making them less reactive. So there is definitely um promise with some of those things. But again, long-term, you know, are we going to all shoot ourselves in the foot in 10 years for doing this? I don't know. Right. This is the these drugs are still fairly new. We're still trying to understand, you know, can people be on these for 10 or 20 years. We don't know that yet. Hasn't been long enough. >> So, >> Right. Well, your goal from my understanding, right, is you you use it as a tool like you've been saying to get patients to lose the weight and then get them off of it. Is that is that right? >> That's that's primarily the goal, right? Is to say, "Okay, let's use this. Maybe we use it for six months, a year, two years, something like that. But the goal is to not just be on it and say, "Okay, here you go. Lose weight, have a happy life." You know, it's it's really a process, right? It's a patient comes to me with heart disease, diabetes, um you know, they're they're 100 pounds overweight, right? If I use this as a tool in in conjunction with a lot of other things I can you I can use as part of my arsenal in my toolbox, this patient could significantly lower their risk of a stroke or a heart attack or early death, right? Um if they were to lose that 50, 100 pounds, plus they may not be diabetic anymore, right? um and the way it rewires your brain um with the the signaling we talked about. But none of these effects are permanent. That's the thing I want to make that very clear and that's what I tell my patients. None of the positive benefits or these benefits that you get while you're on the drug is long-term. So really what's happening with the drug is it's the the medication controls dysfunctional physiology but it doesn't permanently fix it. So it's my job and that's sort of the tenant of functional medicine is to say okay we can use this to accomplish a goal but we still need to we still need to change you something is is going wrong you know we we we need to change dietary habits. We need to change your lifestyle. We need to change gut microbiome. We need to optimize hormone health. We need to do all these things. And in the process of using this drug over a year, six months, two year, whatever it is, we're doing other things so that hopefully on the other side of it, if we do come off the drug, the person is a whole different person, right? It's a 180 from where they started. So, we're not seeing the immediate just, oh, weight gain and it all back to normal. Um, and that's really the importance, I think, of working with a a skilled provider on GLP1s rather than getting it off of a commercial on TV, right? you're just gonna take it and no one's going to monitor you. No one's going to work with you. You're just going to take it and hope for the best. So, >> yeah. Yeah. Okay. But we're definitely gonna get into like Well, I guess that that kind of leads me into a good question, which is like >> the contingencies of going on a GLP1. Like I imagine, >> and I may be wrong here. Um this may be a dumb statement and question which is like are are there certain things that like you would see in a patient because you know when you see a new patient at MedMatrix you know we do like a full work up on them tons of testing before they come in intake you spend a lot of time preparing for them. Are there certain things that like let's say their hormones are out of balance or they're deficient all these certain things they need in their body. Are there certain like prerequisites that you would want to make sure are like squared away before you put a patient on a GLP1 like hormones for example? >> Uh not necessarily because we can do things concurrently. Um there are certain contraindications to GLP1s right you you can't have um you know severe pancreatitis you can't have multiple um endocrine neoplasia type two which is a type of um tumor growth issue. um you can't have um you know if you have severe like GI motility issues you know if active cancer I mean there's certain things that are contraindicated um but you can certainly if a patient comes in and they're as I've said really really metabolically dysfunctional severely overweight at risk of a heart attack like any second right severe diabetes they got blood pressure issues um inflamed really bad. Uh we can start to use this in the beginning and say okay let's use this as a tool to start controlling the weight. It'll control inflammation. It will start changing the way you rely on food. It will start changing your relationship with food. And then you know give that 6 weeks, 8 weeks, see how they respond. And then we do other things. Are they permenopausal? Are they postmenopausal? Is it a low testosterone man? Um did they have issues with working out? are they, you know, we're talking about diet at each visit, right? Okay, how's your diet changed from last time I saw you? Um, what's your relationship with food? What kind of choices are you making? Are you getting enough protein? Um, and then we're working on all these other things as we go through the journey. So, that's really where um the guided part of what we do is important, but you can do a lot of things concurrently with GLP1s very safely. >> Okay. Um, what are the most what are you like in your opinion are the top three important things you need to be doing if you're gonna go on like a GLP1? >> Like from a I don't know if I understand what you're asking like top three important things like >> Yeah. Like that you need to be addressing. So like lifestyle I know is one of them. >> Oh, >> and then the other and then other two maybe it's hormones, maybe it's um sleep, maybe I don't know what it is. Well, the thing I want to be clear about and this is um and we've we've sort of can come back to some of the things that the the GLP1's doing on the body um which can kind of answer this question too a little bit. But one thing that we have to understand is the GLP1s don't fix everything. So um like I said what we think and the the evidence in the medical research suggests that the medication controls the physiology of the body that's dysfunctional. It doesn't permanently fix anything. So, we have to talk about people's stress, right? Chronic stress, cortisol dysregulation is big. If there's gut microbiome issues, um, that's really big. If there's significant ultrarocessed food exposure, that's a big thing. Um, like you mentioned, sleep, another big thing. So, those are some really big things that really play into the overall well-being of a patient long term. So, those are things we really need to work on. We can't just ignore those and let the GLP1 just magically do everything. It's not how it works. >> Yeah. So, does being stressed and having like a messed up adrenals and cortisol make it almost impossible to lose weight? >> It can. Yeah. It can it can significantly drive um weight changes because when you're in a chronic stressed state um whether you have really high cortisol, which is your major stress hormone, or you've sort of burned out your cortisol and you have really no gas left in the tank, it's really really hard to control your blood sugar. And the um the stress response can sometimes like override the the benefit of the GLP-1, right? can you could inject your GLP-1 all day every day if you wanted. You might you might be sort of um you know like trying to build a sand castle underwater, you know, it it might not get you very far. So there has to be there has to be work in other regions. And I say that I educate patients on that all the time. It's like listen, we can do this, but you you got to do the work, man. You this is not just a free ride. There's, you know, ABCD things we have to work on to really optimize your longevity long term and really give your body the chance for it to lose the weight you want, heal the way it needs to heal. Um, those are that's a really important part of it. >> Yeah. Wow. So, okay. If you're if someone's chronically stressed, should they figure out the stress part before going on a GLP1? No, not necessarily because um you know how how easy is it to if a patient's coming to me and and really struggling and their health is not great and they have a really stressful life and um they've had no success with other doctors or other specialists and they're like, "Please help me. I really need help. I'm really struggling." And I say, "Well, fix your stress." How easy is that to do? Right? Stress could be uh relationship. It could be home life, children, work, financial. There could be so many things that are not immediately actionable in a patient's life that contribute to stress. So the goal is to recognize that it's important. Start working on what needs to be worked on and improve as we go. Do our best, right? Recognizing that this is an important part. Things will still work, right? the drug will still work, but we need to try to find a balance so that it can be optimal and they can get the results they're looking for. >> Gotcha. Okay. >> Yeah. >> Um, let's see. What I guess you you talked about kind of like the difference between getting it online, right, versus coming into a clinic like Med Matrix that's very personalized and there's a lot of support. >> Why Why is that support component so important for going on a GLP1? Yeah, the um the support component is really important because these medications don't come without risks, right? Um and I can use this opportunity to talk about some of the most common things. So, some of the most common like short-term side effects that we see are GI issues, nausea, bloating, diarrhea, constipation, rarely vomiting. Um some patients might get fatigue or low energy. um they might have reduced exercise intolerance. Um some patients can get dehydrated really easily. Um and then we need to talk about separately because I think it's important but um the weight the weight u muscle changes in the body. So um when there are rapid weight loss effects on the body and it can it can affect um muscle metabolism. So that is something we want to worry we have to be mindful of is um muscle wasting muscle loss. So when you are working with someone that has a lot of in knowledge on this and does it all the time you can really get a personalized approach and we can change the dose. Right? Maybe I start the dose at a lower than a standard right because the patient is more sensitive to drugs or because I I might not think they need a full amount. um so that it reduces potential side effects. Um we're working on diet, right? I can educate them on the proper things they need to do to prevent muscle wasting and ways to control their blood sugar with diet and we can talk about stress and we can talk about their gut health and we can talk about their hormones. So when you just get a GLP1 and I'm not saying it's bad, but when you get a GLP-1 on, you know, these online companies, they just mail it to you. they follow an algorithm, you're not getting a lot of support. So, it's tough. And then it's sort of an open-ended treatment plan. Well, like, how long am I on this? Like, is this a forever thing? You know, what do I do after? Who's guiding me? It Yeah, it I think it's I think it creates potentially more issues long term. That's my opinion with some of those u with some of the companies that um administer GLP1s without a lot of support. >> Gotcha. Yeah. Um >> I guess let's talk a little bit about the different GLP1s real quick. Um so you mentioned in kind of like that personalized support. Um >> the like what's the difference between semaglutide and tepoid? Those are the main two ones right? >> Yes. So semiglutide is better known as ompic um that was the first generation. It is strictly a GLP1. So it's the um glucagon like peptide one hormone signal that it's affecting. Um ompic was very popular for a long time. Has more side effects. Don't really use it too much anymore um because of that. And there's some potential stronger long-term effects that we're seeing with ompic that may be an issue. Um, so it's not my favorite to use. Tzepide is a second generation GLP1 because it acts on the GLP1 receptor which we've talked about and also the GIP receptor. It's a separate receptor. Um, so because of that reason, it's two different receptors. It has less side effect potential and also more anti-inflammatory effects. So, tzepatide is the one that's really being studied for chronic immune issues, complex COVID issues, MCAST, um, autoimmunity because of the hormone signaling. So my preference is using tzepatide mostly which the brand names of that are wagi um you know if you've or sorry mangaro and um zetbound wagovi is zaglutide so um mjaro and zetbound are tepatide so those are the more commonly used in my opinion nowadays not that ompic is not used it's just I think it's fallen out of favor a little bit >> gotcha yeah >> all right Um let's okay the then I wanted to circle back on one thing you mentioned which was dosing because one of the I know things that we've talked about I've heard other I've heard online is >> when you >> go through the brand names and not you know like I know everything we do is customized per the patient they have predetermined dosing right because that's the way FDA approval works where a certain dose gets approved for a certain outcome and you and normal doctors aren't really able to >> go outside of that um is Is that Can you explain that a little bit more? >> Well, that's not entirely true now. So, for a while, um the GLP1s were available only in what we call an auto injector pen. So, it's a pen. It's like a it's like a automated syringe that you set had has a dial on it and you have to set the dose and you can't change it. >> It comes in certain um dose uh like frequencies the way you set the dial. So if you if you want to change the do you can't you can't alter that and you just you know put it up to your skin you push a button and it injects it for you. Um the reason why so there's nothing wrong with that but if patients are wanting to use the do well if their provider the patient decide that the dose is maybe we want to start at a lower dose than the standard or if we're using it say for some sort of complex issue like an MCAST we use it micro dosing micro doing really means that the dose is very very small um which you cannot accomplish with an auto- injector pen you really need a liquid vial so you can titrate yourself with an insulin syringe. Um so nowadays though the pharmaceutical companies are dispensing tzepatide in the liquid vial not in the auto injector pen. Um so you can do a little bit of changing of the titration on your own. Um because this is becoming more customary for in the mainstream world to change the dose from the standards. Um, but it is still it can be still very hard to get. Um, insurance is tough. Insurance verification. Um, the drug is very expensive. I just want to make that clear. It, you know, it's it's not an inexpensive thing to use whether you're doing an auto injector pen or compounding like we do or, you know, it does it is not an inexpensive thing. And sometimes insurance, even if you qualify for it medically, insurance is still not paying all of it. people still might pay four $700 a month after their insurance has paid something. >> So, it is it can be an expensive thing, but I try to educate patients all the time and say, "Listen, this doesn't have to be forever." You know, it might be six months, it might be a year. Um, >> and sometimes compounding the way we do it actually turns out to be cheaper without insurance. That's why we do it that way. So, um, >> and not to mention the, um, the opportunity cost of losing weight as far as like money you'll save in the future, the quality of life. >> Exactly. Yeah, that's a really great thing to to point out. Um, you know, it might be a financial investment now, but right, what are you gaining in 20 years? You know, there might not be a price to that. You know, your your health long term from the work we're doing with this medication might be priceless. Um, and I know that sounds very like, you know, it's very like Hallmark card, but um, it's true. You know, it there is a lot of potential long-term benefit and the cost of that sometimes is priceless. So, for sure, it's a great point. >> Yeah. Hey Britney, thanks for the comment. Hopefully, you can watch the full thing. Um, this has been great, guys. I hope I hope everyone in the comments is learning. Um, I'm definitely learning a lot. This is I'm having fun. Uh, we're got about 30 minutes left here. So, guys, let us know you're enjoying it. shoot some comments. Start putting some questions down there. >> Yeah, we'd love to answer questions. >> Yeah, we love answering questions. Um >> yeah, >> so let's I guess the insurance I'm just going to ask a question for the people. It's like why does insurance not cover GP1s? Like you think and this is kind of just like a what's your opinion answer because it makes sense. I mean, right? It's like don't you think insurance companies would want their I mean so many chronic diseases tied >> to being overweight. Like don't you think insurance companies would want to pay for this and get ahead of disease and even if it especially if they qualify for it like what's up with insurance companies and the ops? >> Well, it's not that they're not covering it. They are they do cover it. It's just the the problem comes down to patients insurance coverage plans. Do they have deductibles? Right? Do they have pharmaceutical deductibles that they have to meet before the insurance will kick in fully? So, it goes back to and I I said it yesterday on our podcast. I say it almost every podcast we do that this it just goes back to a broken health care system model. So, um you're 100% right. Shouldn't the the insurance company want to cover this for patients because of the potential outcomes? They're not looking at it that way. They're looking at dollars and cents on a screen in a spreadsheet. Right? If a patient and and this is a problem with insurance as insurance evolves or as time goes on, patients private health insurance plans are getting more and more expensive each month for them to to have. Um they're paying more out of pocket and they're also paying higher deductibles, meaning they're out of pocket expenses that they have to pay before the insurance will kick in. So patients are getting insurance plans that are 89,000 $800 900 $1,000 a month and then their deductible is $10,000 for the year. >> Wow. >> So they're paying $800 a month. >> And then their insurance won't kick in until they have medical costs that exceed $10,000. So the patient has to pay another $10,000 out of pocket before the insurance is like, "Yep, okay, we're kicking in now and we're we're paying." So, it has nothing to do with the drug. Sometimes it's really just the patients plan and how everything is laid out and what kind of pharmacy benefits they get and you know what kind of um the way their doctor is trying to believe it or not if if a if a provider doesn't put the right diagnosis code to get a prescription covered it might not be covered. So there might be there might be um housekeeping issues with the way these things are prescribed by a provider or so it's much more complicated than that the insurance just won't cover it because they do but it's it's a dollars and cents problem at the end of the day. >> That's the sad part, right? Because you're 100% right. It's like well shouldn't this just be free for everybody or you know at very little cost or um you know there should be an incentive as you say from the insurance company. 100%. But that's not the way insurance company works. Insurance is a for-profit organization. They're not out to do proactive things. That's not the business model. >> Right. At MedMatrix, we don't we don't go through insurance companies because we can provide and this is something I educate patients all the time. The reason why we don't take insurance or go through insurance is because we would have to perform the same level of health care that you're getting from your primary care that you are that you are um upset about and that you're you're lacking the care that you need. The reason why you're getting poor health care from all your specialists in your primary care is because they have to abide by insurance policy. We don't. So, we can take an hour, a half hour to talk to you, to go through things, to run labs, to talk about all these options and lay out all of these different things and really change your long-term health because we don't have to adhere to the insurance models. If we did, we wouldn't be any different than anybody else. And we would just offer the same rudimentary low-level care that patients are really striving to get away from. So, that's why we do what we do. >> Yeah. 100%. Yeah. And also to mention the other important components like what are the other um important markers that you're looking at on patients labs that um relate very closely to weight and weight loss. >> Um yeah there's a lot. So and this kind of goes into just you know how we evaluate new patients but we want to check you know their diabetes markers. We want to check inflammatory markers, what their thyroid is doing. um sex hormones, um nutrition markers, vitamin D, B12, iron, all these things play a significant role in the patients baseline function. And if some of these things are not functioning well, again, it doesn't make the drug not work. It's just how do we optimize the whole story? And that's really how we do it is taking into account all these other things. >> Yeah. I'm actually going to share a report that we a scan we do for all new patients because I think this is really >> important here. Um let me give me one moment here. There it is. >> Um the inbody report. Can you talk about this in the importance of tracking body composition >> while on a GP1 or losing weight? >> Yeah, and this is again something that you know these online companies are not doing either and this is really tangible objective evidence of your body physiology changing. Um, so an inbody is a measurement of your total body composition. Not just how much you weigh, um, or your BMI or your height, but it's really looking at your body fat mass, like how much of your mass is fat, how much water you have in your cells versus outside the cells, how much lean body muscle you have. Um, and then it will give us as we go through treatment, it gives us an objective change in body fat percentage, um, how much muscle you've gained, and if something like a GLP-1, this is really important because we want to track any potential muscle loss, which I think we should talk about. Um, this might be a good time to talk about it, but that's a really important piece of the metric that we're looking for is body change. So obviously weight loss, fat loss, but we're looking for muscle monitoring as well. So these are really important tools we use with every patient as part of their monitoring um objectively for not only GLP1s but just everything that we do. >> Yeah. What is the um how do I phrase this? Like what is the ideal uh body composition journey of a weight loss patient on a GLP1 look like? Like what are the markers that you like on this that you're that are moving? >> Yeah. So, what we're looking for obviously is weight, you know, and and people are used to weight because that's the only objective metric of their physical body that they've ever really been used to, right? From the time we're born, you get weighed, right? You go to the doctor. Oh, you get weighed. Oh, step on the scale. It's like, oh, I don't want to. I've gained weight. I don't want to step on the scale. Oh, it's after the holidays. Are you going to make me step on the scale? Like, I know I've gained 10 pounds. So, everybody is so used to their body weight, but your body is much more than just how much it physically weighs. So when we are on a GLP-1 journey, we're looking for changes in body fat, like the percentage of body fat, also the ratio of fat to muscle, and then how much muscle mass you will potentially gain um in relation to fat loss. So, as I've talked about on the podcast many times, one of the biggest longevity organs in your body is muscle. The more muscle you have, the stronger you are, the longer you will live. So, one of our goals for patients is not to necessarily get their weight down, but change the way the physiology of muscle to fat works. So, we want less body fat, more lean muscle mass, and that's part of the education piece of what we're doing. But, as I said, GLP1s can change muscle mass potentially for the for the like a negative. Um, they can reduce muscle mass. So, part of my treatment needs to be educating on how to prevent that and how to optimize that. Um so those are those are really the most important ways we're using this tool and it's really really important part of how we treat people. >> Um it's becoming a really important tool for >> just longevity um monitoring for patients and when they can see it on paper and they can also feel it. almost like it's almost like a certificate like you get in like school for doing something like look at my InBody. I you know I've lost all this weight and my body fat percentage has gone down. You know I've had patients like oh I hang mine on the fridge you know because it shows me like yeah I like circle my thing and I I it shows me what I'm accomplishing. Um so it's a really cool way to not only they feel it but then they can see it. Um, so and it helps us chart progress. Um, and it it helps us also with data, right? It it gives us long-term data on the work we're doing because the more we do this and the more data we get, the more we can put this together and and sort of >> um look at this as a whole of of treatment plans and treatment approaches to obesity and metabolic syndrome when we have all this data. Um, because just just saying a patient lost weight, okay, great. But this provides so much more than that. >> That's awesome. >> Yeah. Um, so many questions I have off of that. And I'm sure people in the audience have a ton of questions, too. So, guys, we're going to start doing some Q&A in about probably 10 minutes. So, I don't know if we're going to have time to do all the questions like we normally don't. Um, but just start answering your questions now. >> Ask your questions. Yeah. But we should definitely talk about some of the muscle pieces, Cole. >> Yeah, that's exactly was my next question, which is why is why is muscle mass so important for longevity? >> Yeah. Well, to to got to pair this with the GLP1. So, um, one of the potential long-term effects of GLP1s is muscle loss. So, um, rapid weight loss can, um, include loss of lean muscle mass. And some of the studies on GLP-1s are saying that if you don't incorporate resistance training with GLP-1 therapy, you could lose up to 40% of muscle, which is part of like all the weight loss that you've lost, all the weight you've lost. Approximately 40% of that could be muscle mass. And that's not good. Um especially for older people, older women. Um, muscle is a huge longevity organ. It helps us live longer. It helps keep your bones strong. It helps prevent heart disease and um, diabetes. So, one of the biggest things that we have to do with GLP-1s as an educational piece of the treatment is to focus so much on diet, right? Tell me what you're eating every day. Like verbatim what tell me how much, when, uh, you know, what's the brand? you know, how much like approximate the quantity because I have to make sure that the patient is eating enough to basically sustain this treatment cuz if they're going to go on a GLP1 and eat a 200 calorie salad for each meal, that's not going to work, right? Um, they've really got to focus on protein heavy meals. We've got to talk about resistance training. we've got to talk about the physical um exercise piece of longevity and the goals of them losing weight. So, that's a really important part of this for sure. >> Okay. I'm going to ask you something that's going to challenge a lot of conventional thinking, what we've been taught, which is, and you've I hear you say this all this time, we should get this under lab coat, which is like don't go into a calorie deficit to lose weight, right? >> Or don't Yeah. Don't starve yourself to lose weight. like why >> patent it? >> Yeah. Can you can you explain that's just like opposite of everything we've ever been taught? >> Yeah. So, um when you when you eat less food then your body needs to exist. Um, so basically if you were to sit on the couch all day and do nothing but eat and go to the bathroom, your body will burn a certain amount of calories based on how large of a mass you are, right? How tall you are, how much body fat you have, how old you are. Um, it's called a basil metabolic rate. So if you are doing absolutely nothing, you could be burning depending on again your size 1,200 to up to 2400 calories just by existing because you're still digesting. Your body is still functioning. Your heart's still beating. You're still breathing. So you're expending calories. So people that want to lose weight, they go into this mindset of, "Oh, I'm just going to eat less. That's how I'll lose weight." You will you will lose a little bit of weight initially because it's almost like a shock to the system of this reduced caloric intake, but after a while you're going to plateau and after a while you're going to start putting on more fat because your body thinks it's starving. So if you are eating less calories each day than what your body actually needs to survive, your body evolutionarily is going to think you're in a starvation mode. and every piece of food you put in your mouth, even if it's lettuce and you know all the good food, um not that lettuce is necessarily good food, but if you're putting in really really what you call good food, but it's not enough. Um you're going to store it as fat always. And people just don't understand that. Oh, I ate a salad for lunch. Well, what was on it? Well, like an iceberg and like, you know, I squirted a little lemon and like maybe there was like, you know, some carrots and it's like that's not food. That's like 100 calories worth of food. You You don't understand. You You need like 2,000 calories to exist. So, if you're in the red all the time, that salad is going to be fat, believe it or not. And people just don't understand that. So, um, eating the right amount. So why is protein so why like why is protein so important to eat when you're on a GLP-1? >> Well, for the very reason I just talked about is maintaining muscle mass. So if we are worried about potential muscle loss or muscle wasting as part of what happens with GLP1s, um proper protein intake is the best way to sustain muscle mass long term. And then also resistance training. So >> yeah. >> Yeah. and and it's just and we're we're going to do we're going to do um for those listening a podcast in the next few weeks just about nutrition 101 because I think it's so important to educate people. But this is one of the reasons why people have no idea how to diet. They have no idea how to live. They have no idea how to eat and then they try weight loss drugs and they have no idea how to do that either because they think they know how to eat but they really don't. So then they're not getting the results that they want from the GLP1. Then they do it for six months. Oh, I didn't really get any weight loss benefits. Blah, blah, blah. I stopped it. Or I got some weight loss and then it came right back and actually gained more weight after I stopped it. >> So, wait, why does that happen? Because I think that's a lot of people's fears. Like they go on a GLP1 and I know this is what happens a lot when you go online is like they do go on a GLP1. Patients do lose a lot of weight really fast and then they gain it all back. Like why how do you ensure that you keep the weight off that you lost when on a GLP1 or when you go off the GLP1 that you keep the weight off? So, like I said earlier in the podcast, the the drug does not does not fix anything permanently. It controls dysfunction temporarily while you take it just like any other drug, right? You're on a blood pressure medication, if you stop it, your blood pressure is going to go back up. Um, that's the way medications work. So, we are not permanently fixing anything. And I was saying before, we had a conversation about some of the things that we need to look out for. you know, if there's gut issues, if there's chronic stress issues, if people are not eating the right food, if they're sleepd deprived, um those are going to be issues that are going to prevent you from being successful. But the problem is is patients are say going on the drug from the TV commercial that they saw, right? No one is counseling them on the diet, the lifestyle, the specifics, right? They need specifics. It's like, "Okay, Sally, you need to eat 30 grams of protein at this meal, 40 at this meal. These are things we want to be introducing. These are types of foods we can do." No one's doing that for them. So, if they are trying to lose weight, that's the only intervention they're making. What's going to happen is they will lose some weight, but they haven't changed their lifestyle at all. They haven't changed the diet to be a pro- longevity, pro weight loss diet. They come off the drug and they gain all the way back because they haven't fixed the sleep, they haven't fixed the gut, they haven't fixed their hormones, they haven't fixed their diet, they haven't addressed their nutritional deficiencies. I mean, the list is endless. So, it's it's really where guided um supervision with a really seasoned provider is really, really important. >> Yeah, totally. >> Yeah, >> we're we're at the 50-minute mark and I don't see a lot of questions. I'm a little disappointed. We did a we did a we did a lime >> we did we did a Lyme disease webinar the other day. We had we we had to hang up. There was too many questions. Um so Diane, Brandy, Britney, you guys are awesome. Keep it up. Uh the other 40 of you, come on. We wanted to see some questions here. We love interacting with you guys. So, >> uh put some questions down below. It's not a dumb If you have a question and you think it's a dumb question, odds are it's not a dumb question. Someone else has it. So, just ask away. We love interacting. And we're not giving we can't give medical advice, but ask questions if you have questions. Yeah. >> Yeah. Totally. Um, so what what are let's talk about like GOP ones because I again one of the advantages coming to when we work with patients is like um doing more than just the GLP1. Like what are some of your favorite other tools outside of the nutrition that we've talked a lot about and lifestyle part um that you like to pair GLP1s with? Maybe other peptides, hormones. Can you expand on that? >> Exactly that. Um that's 100% my answer. So that's actually a great question because a lot of patients that um a lot of patients have um weight loss issues in a time of life where they probably need other help with other things, right? Um the the um hormone piece is huge, right? If you have metabolic issues, if you're over 50, you know, obesity, diabetes, you probably are either permenopausal, menopausal, or have low testosterone, right? If you're a woman or a man. Um, so the thing that is really commonly done is pairing them with hormone replacement therapy. Um, because what we can start to do is rewire the physiology of the body, right? Optimizing testosterone for a man helps improve muscle mass, helps with fat loss. That's what the GLP1 is going to do as well. We're changing um the the dynamics of food. We're getting the diabetes under control if it's po if it's there. Um he's getting back in the gym, right? He's feeling stronger, a lot more motivated. Same for women, right? They're they're um weight gain could be from lifestyle, but weight gain is one of the most common symptoms of menopause or pmenopause. Um, so if we can get hormones under control, that is a great way to that we can kickstart weight loss. But if we need a little bit more, we use the GLP-1, we use diet, we we use lifestyle. Um, those are really really commonly done things together. And then the other peptides, right? GLP-1s are a peptide. Um, but there are other peptides that we use that can help with inflammation, that can help with uh immune function, that can help with regeneration of soft tissues if patients have injuries um or surgery. So, there's a lot of great things that we pair them with and these patients do incredibly well and it's really life-changing. I mean, it is incredibly life-changing to see some of these cases dayto day. >> it's really rewarding. Yeah. >> Yeah. I see a lot of testimonials from the clinic of just patients who kind of did the peptide hormone combo and they're just like, man, my life changed. I guess yeah, last question before we get into like one of the games I have planned for us in Q&A >> is um like why >> um like why does aging make it easier to to gain weight? >> Why is Oh, okay. >> Why does why does a like why do why as you get older does it get harder to lose >> Hard to lose weight. Yeah. Because your physiology changes, right? And a lot of it is um a lot of it I hate to hear I hear it so often, right? Oh, my metabolism's slowing down. That's not a thing. Sorry. Not a thing. What's happening is your hormones are changing, right? Your um your metabolism is changing. Um your food is not as good as you think. Uh, that's I not gonna lie, no no no tea or shade on any of our patients, but most people think they eat a lot better than they do. And every time I ask the question, so tell me what you eat. Well, they dance around it because they don't want to say because they know it's not good. Um, so as you get older, hormones change, physical activity changes, stress levels change, diet changes. Um, so these are all things that you just have to be much more mindful of as you get older. So, one of my goals is to really tell patients and educate them on listen, this whole notion of, oh, I'm 50, so I'm just like gonna slow down and just decrepit till I die. That's so sad, right? If you live another 30, 40 years, you're just going to live very poorly for 30 years and just slowly decline. I think that's horribly sad. And unfortunately, that's the way the medical community outlines people's health. Like, oh, well, you're 50. Like, you know, it happens. No, it doesn't. It doesn't happen. it does happen, but you're allowing it to happen. So, um yeah, th those are really some of the main things that we see um in patients as they get older. But none of that is permanent. It's really just being more proactive about what you're doing with your body, more proactive about diet, more proactive about your physical activity. >> Yeah, that's awesome. I hope I hope I hope patients feel empowered by that and not scared. >> Oh, I hope so, too. >> Yeah, because that's an awesome thing to go from like, well, I'm just getting older to like, oh, wow, you know, actually, I can control this. I can feel better. I can continue to function at, you know, the highest level. >> And I I really think I really think like and this will be my last point, but like in the medical community, how dare how dare healthc care providers tell a patient that is not feeling well, oh well, you're just getting older. Like how that should be criminal, right? That is so sad for patients to just be told, well, you're just getting older and that's that's it. like that. I think that is so so sad because it puts this psychological >> um this this sort of replay psychological verbiage on a patient's mind that my health will just continue to decline until I die. How depressing is that? Um so I'll never feel optimal again. I'll never feel as as as you know young and and you know um physically fit or um cognitively sharp as I once did. I think that's really sad. I think it's really really sad and I hear it every day. Oh, my doctor just told me I'm getting older. It's just part of life. Yeah, it's really sad. >> This person just commented my um >> my doctor blames everything on menopause, right? Well, >> do something about it, right? Give hormones, you know. Um and that's one thing that I hear every day is women sadly they're female OBGYNS and female health providers who are probably going through the same thing. Nah, well, it's menopause. there's nothing you can do about it. It's like that is so false and it's so sad. And then when you're told that, you know, from a woman's perspective, um, at say 45, 50 and you're planning to live a lot longer and you're trying to be active and you're trying to eat well and maybe you have grandchildren and you want to do so all kinds of things. It's really sad for your doctor to say, "Well, this is just your life. Sorry." I think it's really sad. >> Yeah, man. And I think that's why patients love you and they love >> I hope so. Yeah. >> Yeah. I appreciate that. All right, let's um so let's see. Um I got one game for us. We did it last time. I liked it. I think people liked it. Um it's kind of a nice everything. It's just uh myth or fact. >> Nice. Good. All right, go for it. >> So, and we're just going to run through. We got 15 and then we'll get um and then we got to do a case study, then we'll get through the Q&As's. >> Um All right. So, GLP1s are just another fad diet trend. >> False myth. If you stop taking the GLP1, you will 100% gain the weight back. >> False. >> If you stop taking the GLP-1, you will 100% not gain all the weight back. >> Uh GLP-1s will make you lose muscle. >> Sort of. Sort of. Kind of depends. Yes, but not necessarily. >> Okay. These drugs permanently damage your metabolism. >> False. If you need a GLP1, it means you just lack willpower. >> False. Definitely false. >> Skinny people shouldn't take GLP1s. >> Uh, for weight loss, no. For other reasons, yes. >> Okay. I feel like we should probably talk about that, but we might not have time. GLP1s are unsafe long term. >> Um, as of right now, no. But we don't know the answer to that fully. >> Very clear. Yeah, >> you don't need to work out when you're on a GLP1. Totally false. All GLP-1 medications all GLP-1 medications are basically the same. False. Nausea means the medication is working. Um, false. Once you start, you have to stay on it forever. False. GLP1 slow your digestion, slow your stomach so much they ruin digestion. False. You can't drink alcohol in a GLP1. >> You shouldn't. I won't say you can't. Yeah, shouldn't. These medi we no this is silly one. These medications are only for diabetics. >> The higher the dose the better the result. >> Totally false. >> Compounded GLP1s are identical to the brand name. >> Um no false. >> Okay. >> Well the active ingredient is the same. >> Okay. If you plateau the drug portion >> um false. GOP ones fix the root cause of weight gain. True and false. >> Okay. You don't need protein. >> Some yes, some no. >> Thank you. You don't need a good uh you don't need protein if you're barely hungry. >> Uh false. >> All right, last one. GLP ones are a shortcut. >> All right, that was a lot. Sorry, that was 20. That was not 15. Um >> I was going to say, how many did you do? All right. Uh, last one. Let's um I I love this these segments. Let's do a patient case study of uh one of your most memorable GLP1 patients >> and then we can answer some questions. Um so um actually more recently um GLP1 um case of a patient who actually used the GLP1 secondary. Um so patient 60 something year old male I think um 62 maybe really really poorly controlled diabetes and what I mean by that is his diabetes markers and his blood were still really high even though he was on multiple drug therapies at one time. Um, and he he was eating really well and um was trying to be as physically active as he could. Needed to lose maybe 30 pounds, right? That's not that big a deal. A lot of people have that issue. Um, but he was really coming to me to say, "Okay, my endocrinologist is just pushing higher and higher amounts of all these different diabetes drugs. My diabetes markers are not changing. What the heck can I do?" So, um, really, really amazing guy. um was willing to do really anything to to change his life and get his health in check, which is a great great philosophy and I love that mentality with patients. Um his testosterone was barely on the on registering. So I educated him and say, "Listen, probably the reason why your diabetes is so out of control and not getting better on these diabetes drugs is because you're you have no testosterone." And believe it or not, sex hormones like testosterone, progesterone, estrogen are very much needed to control blood sugar. They kind of work in unison with the metabolism. So, um I actually had a visit with him recently and um in one month his blood sugar markers came way down. Um and he was off a couple of his diabetes medications already because his continuous glucose monitor was showing that he was becoming too hypoglycemic or his blood sugar was getting too low. So, um, we were able to use hormone replacement to start to control his diabetes, which he was so furious at his endocrinologist. Like, why didn't my endocrinologist know this? This is ridiculous. Like, they should know this. And I'm like, yeah, they should, but they don't. Um, and then we started using a GLP-1 to help with um at a very low dose to help with uh some additional weight loss and to help with the um diabetes a little bit because he had never tried it, a GLP-1 for the diabetes, and his other doctors were mentioning it, but they didn't want they they just wanted to add it to all the other medications. So, we're using it as a way to help control the diabetes while he's trying to optimize his testosterone and his blood sugar control within a couple months was just phenomenal. Um, lost about, you know, I think it was about like 12 pounds in the first couple of months. He was working out. He was mentally sharp. He was feeling so so good. So, um, was a great great case using sort of what we were talking about a few minutes ago of how do we use a GLP-1 in conjunction with some other things that we do very routinely. Um, so it was a really cool cool outcome and it's only been a few months. I've only been treating him I think since uh December. So, >> Awesome. Wow. December. That's great start to the new year for him. >> Yeah. And he was dealing with this for 20 years. Like my diabetes has been out of control for 20 years. And I'm like, oh god. Okay. Well, how am I going to fix this? Right. And there. Yep. Okay. Little testosterone, little GLP1, and there you go, >> man. And that's a crazy endocrinologist is uh for your hormones, right? Like that's what he's focusing on. >> He was furious. He was furious. He's like, I've been seeing my endocrinologist for 15 years. Why in the hell did no one ever tell me that my testosterone was low and that could be affecting my blood sugar? Like, I I don't understand why they don't. And I And I get these questions every day. I just don't. It seems so simple to me because it's the work I do. And when you explain it to patients, patients are like, "Yeah, that seems so reasonable. I get that. I don't have any type of healthcare degrees. I get that. Why doesn't my doctor I don't know, man? >> Don't know." Yeah. >> Well, that was an awesome story. Thank you. Um, now we're going to try to answer all >> See what you did, Cole. >> We're gonna be here all day. >> See you guys listening. Um, I don't know if we're going to be able to answer all of these, but we're we're going to do our best. >> If you want to pull them up, I'll answer. >> I'm just going to put them on the screen and then you can read them. Um, do >> um if it calms if it probably GLP1's calms immune cells, does it create any lowering in immune response? Like would you more likely to get sick? Absolutely not. No, it's not affecting your immunity. It's not lowering your immune system your immunity's function. What it's doing is it's providing anti-inflammatory benefit on the immune system. So, in theory, could make your immune system better, more functional. >> All right. >> Not lowering immune response. Yeah, >> great question. >> Um, loving all the lives. You're welcome. >> You're welcome. >> Medicare will cover. Yeah. >> So, wondering if all if it all helps meds are the same. A friend got mine from a social media site and she lost weight quickly. Is that safe? Um, if p if people are getting GLP1s from online resources, it's not that they're not safe. I mean, you certainly can do that. Um, there are online companies that offer the meds and they just mail them to you. Um, it's not that it's not safe. They're they are these companies are regulated um by the by the powers that be within the federal government and pharmacy distribution. But um it's just my my issue is there might not be a lot of um handholding and a lot of work that you're doing with a provider on other things. So >> yeah. And what about the um just rebound too, right? Getting off of it. Like they're they do a great job at helping you get on it, but what about getting off, >> right? Right. They'll they'll they'll certainly take your money and a lot of these companies are membership monthly. So you pay, you know, whatever a month and you get your GLP1 and that's all you get. You don't get a provider. You don't get any help. And then it's like, okay, now what do I do? like do I do do I do this for a year? Do I do this what you know? So it it's a really like it it feels nice to start but then now what do I do? >> So yeah >> totally. All right let's keep going. Um where where is my matrix Dr. Nard? >> We are in Portland Maine. South Portland Maine. We >> see patients in Maine and New Hampshire. >> New Hampshire. Yep. If you're interested. >> Let's see. talk about how cur how it curbs addiction. Um so there is some thought about this in terms of um >> for these sorry for these questions can you just give context for those who are just joining. >> Sure. Yeah. So the question is talk about how it curbs addiction. So the GLP1s and if it if it curbs and controls addiction. So I I went into we didn't get into all of them unfortunately. We had so much to talk about, but um what the GLP1s are actually doing in the body, the different layers of the body. So, one of the things that the GLP1s are doing is it's affecting the dopamine pathways. So, dopamine is one of your neurotransmitters. It's one of your feel-good hormones. Um so, because it affects dopamine, you have less emotional eating, reduce compulsive snacking, and also there's some there's some studies that show that it might be reducing people's addiction for alcohol and also certain um drug users. So there is some promise that because of what it's doing in the brain, it might help people overcome addiction. >> Cool. Love it. >> Yeah. Yeah. Very cool. >> All right. So, let's broaden this question. So, um, can GLP1s cause bodyaches? If so, what is what is kind of going through your head if a patient's on GLP1s and are getting bodyaches? >> Uh, um, some of the short some of the common short-term side effects we went over and one of them is fatigue or low energy. So, um, if there's body aches, is that fatigue? Not sure. Um, is is this something that we've seen? Sure. Um, if it's more serious or long term, that's something that would need to be talked with with your prescriber. >> Um, here's a great one. I know you'll like this one. >> How much resistance training is needed to preserve muscle? Yes. Um, so it depends. It depends on your age. It depends on your gender. um you know and and certainly what your goals are. But if you are um of any age, you need to lift things that are heavy. Not heavy enough to hurt yourself, but that is how you stay young. Muscle is an ultimate longevity molecule. The longer you want to live, the stronger you have to be. So most people if they're in older years, say over 50, you know, three to four times a week with resistance training. Um, you know, I'm in my 30s. I work out six days a week, but I'm a bodybuilder, so I do not counsel my patients the way I live. I do things very differently, um, from an athletic perspective, but you really need to be in the gym a few times a week doing resistance training at any age. >> Perfect. And that's something you help patients with, right? Just kind of give them clarity >> all the time. Yeah. >> Yeah. Cool. What are some good sources of proteins that you recommend? So, some of the top things obviously the, you know, lean animal proteins, trying to buy organic, you know, the chickens, um, organic grass-fed beef. Um, I really love some of the, I don't want to say beef alternatives, but they're really great red meat alternatives, um, like gaming meats like bison or venison or, um, elk. um they're really really high in nutrients, really low in um pro-inflammatory fatty acids. So um things that are not cow beef, uh the other type of gaming meats are really really good for you. Um obviously fish really good. You want to stay away from um really really big fish like swordfish because they have more mercury in them. So we're going to do a whole podcast on nutrition. So stay tuned. Yeah, that'll be um if you want to tune into the nutrition podcast, definitely follow us on YouTube and Instagram. And then um if you're not on our email list, um join that because we send them out to our email list. Um >> excited for that. That'll be fun. >> Yeah, great job with the questions, guys. These are awesome questions. Um >> calculate calories to lose weight and not to go too low. Um the best way to calc the best way to calculate how much calories you need um is something called a basil metabolic rate. go online, type in BMR calculator, and you put in your demographics, your age, your weight, how sedentary you are, and it will give you a breakdown of how many calories you should be eating each day just to exist. Um, and that's a great foundational place. >> Yeah. And if you want a more accurate response, the inbody actually you see on the right column about five down basil metab so it'll actually tell you more personalized. >> Yep. Yep. So this particular example, basil metabolic rate, 1231 calories. Yep. That's great. >> Are there newer top drugs coming on the market? Will they be better for weight loss inflammation? So, um, as of right now, um, there are other GLP1s that are not commercially available. Um, and there was a question in here somewhere and this whole myriad of questions asking about reatride. Um, reatride is a triple hormone agonist. So, ompic is a single, tzepatide is a double, tetatrudiz triple. It's not commercially available yet, so we can't prescribe it. Um, but it's being studied. Um, but the I have no idea if it will ever be on the market. Tzepide is in all reality there is billions and billions of dollars being flooded into tzepide research and manufacturing. So if they were to introduce a third drug that outperformed tzepide, all that money would be wasted. So um there may be in the future, but this also is a this is a business too from these pharmaceutical companies making money on these very expensive drugs. So I don't know about reatrite in the future. >> Do you think a clinic like ours will have access before you know it's like a commercially available? >> Uh if it's not FDA approved, we can't prescribe it. Okay. Gotcha. So that would happen simultaneously, >> correct? Yeah. Will this help with hormones and cholesterol? So yes, won't help with hormones necessarily. GLP-1s don't increase your hormone levels, but it certainly can help control cholesterol levels. It can bring down triglycerides. One of the main reasons why triglycerides are elevated um which is a measure of fat in the blood is really be because of blood sugar imbalance or pre-diabetes. So if the GLP-1 is controlling the blood sugar, it will lower your trig your triglycerides. >> Um yeah, great stuff. Love to hear that. give us hope 52. God bless you. >> Good. Good. >> thanks. >> Love these podcasts from Instagram. Thank you. >> Awesome. >> Another one about cholesterol and what um we did a whole >> Can they help with cholesterol? Yes, we did. >> A couple weeks ago or a month ago, we did a whole podcast on cholesterol. Um, so we gave a lot of information there, but um, can they help with cholesterol? Yes. What number do I consider high? Go listen to the podcast. It's all in there. >> The myths of cholesterol, $200 billion cholesterol industry. It's all a myth. Go listen to the podcast. It's very informative. >> Um, that is exactly what my NP told me. This is why I came to you. Awesome. We love to hear that. Um, >> that is awesome. Thank you. >> My spleen was removed. There's something in here. My spleen was removed. I had an issue. I'm not going to give specific medical advice, but having no spleen is not necessarily a contraindication, but you'd have to check with your doctor, of course. >> Cool. Um, how do you This is a great question. The one below that, Cole, maybe we end with this question. >> Perfect. And then Amy, yes, we um if you're the first appointment, you would have to be in person um to do the labs and then the body scan and then after that we can do telealth depending on where you're coming from or we can see you in person. Um yeah, we are going to promote do a little promotion here at the end for patients on the webinars. So if you want to stick around for that >> for new patients. >> Um how do you help people to stop GLP1s? I've been taking for one and a half years and I've lost weight without losing muscle. My GI side effects are bad. I'd like to stop. So really it's about titration. Um, I'm not going to give specifics about dosing or anything because I don't know the specifics of what you're doing, but it's really a a guided um titration reduction in the dose over a period of time and then also optimizing the diet piece in conjunction with that. Those are two really important things. So, um, that's the best way to titrate down. >> Perfect. Whoever asked the question about um, cholesterol, um, the media manager just commented the link to that episode. So, if you're on YouTube, please click it. >> She made it easy for you. Or you can just YouTube Medatrix cholesterol and we'll come up. >> We had fun. That was a that was that was a good one. >> That was really awesome. Um here's one and I I want if you could just answer I think obviously it's important that people understand this distinction between a peptide and GLP1 um being one of the same. And then also to if you could just talk about the like research peptides that people get online that are not through one of the um if you can just explain explain this and then also explain the um whole research pharmacy peptide. >> Yeah, this is probably a good place to to end. We can talk about this. So >> I agree. >> Um GL a GLP-1 is a peptide. I said that when we started the podcast. So GLP1 stands for glucagon like peptide one. It is a peptide. Um, and a peptide is like a signal for the body to do something. Um, it's a signal and a receptor. So, peptides can be used for many different things from weight loss to um muscle metabolism to immune system support to regeneration of soft tissues, anti-inflammation. Um, so GLP-1s are pep type of a peptide. Um, and is it recommended for specific people for each? So, it depends on your goals, but we had talked about earlier in the podcast that you can do certain peptides with GLP1s, and I do that all the time. Um, depending on what people's goals are, depending on what their chief concerns are, what we're trying to accomplish long term for their health. But, um, yes, very commonly done together for sure. >> Perfect. Cool. All right, guys. Um, let me see here. So, we do something special for patients, uh, people who join us on the webinar. Um, we really we we notice that patients who come into the practice who are educated, they're excited, they're motivated. Um, they these are patients who get better results. We we love that you guys are actually taking the time to educate yourself about your health. So, we don't normally do discounts like this, but um if you go to this page, you can there's a $200 discount as a new patient available for the next 39 minutes. So, you have to do it now if you are interested. >> Nice. >> Um, we only accept a limited amount of patients per week. So, if you are looking to get this type of care for your own health, um, copy and paste that link, go to your browser, there's a QR code they should be able to scan um, at the top of the screen. Um, and yeah, we, you know, we want to, we are excited to work with patients who are taking the time to educate themselves about their health. Um, because it goes both ways, right? It's a, it's, you got to have a provider who knows what they're doing. They're invested in their health, and as the patient, you got to you got to put in some work, too. And that's when, you know, we we we have an amazing healthcare experience. So, um, >> definitely. >> Yeah. With that said, that that was an awesome episode. We answered a ton of great questions. I learned a lot. You guys learned a lot. >> Questions. Yeah. >> Yeah. We're going live on nutrition in a week, within a week. Um, we'll be sending out information about that if you want to join the nutrition episode. Um, Dr. Nard, anything you want to say to take us home here? >> Um, yeah. I mean, we covered so much. I hope people learned some things. Um, and I I want to make sure um that people don't look at this as a copout. Don't look at this as cheating. Right? Um, I've had patients tell me all the time like, "Yeah, I don't want my husband to know I'm doing this. I don't want my friends to know I'm doing this." There's like a certain level of shame with weight loss medications and just weight loss in general because it's a little bit taboo still. Um, but I think it's really really awesome if a patient comes to somebody and says, "Listen, I know I'm not well. I know I'm I'm struggling. I need you to help me lose weight. I really need to better my life." I think that's awesome, right? You shouldn't be ashamed of that. Whatever tools that are used to get to that end goal, I think is amazing. So, never be ashamed of the things that you use to improve your health. Um, it's all about you and your goals. So, um, that's where I'll leave it. So, we covered a lot. I hope people learned a lot and um you know we're excited for for more. >> Well said. All right everyone, thanks for joining Dr. Thanks for joining.

- Metabolic Health and Body Systems at the Intersection of Nutrition and GLP-1 Drugs | Discovery Forum: Kind: captions Language: en [music] This session [music] is going to focus on what else is going on in the body. So, as these drugs course through your body for, you know, a week at a time, they're obviously not just going to be acting at the level of the gut or the level of food intake. There are a lot of different body systems that are going to be involved, and we're going to cover that with four wonderful experts. So, with that, we'll start with um Dr. uh Housing, who will be talking to us about the pancreas as one of our first body systems. Mark. Uh, thank you to the organizers for having us up here. My name is Mark Hing. I am a faculty member at UC Davis. My lab is on across the causeway. And what we do in my lab is we study we study the original target of Inkerton drugs which is here. This is an actual 3D image of a group of eyelets that we labeled, we stained for the different hormones that they produced. Most of the cells here, that pinkish red color, those are your beta cells. Those release the insulin that most of us care about. But there's also other cell types there in green and in white. And those are two different cell types that uh are well known to many of us but sometimes forgotten as to the role they play. We study how they work. Um these alpha cells and these delta cells really play a big role in shaping that insulin secretion that most of us care about. And most of us will know from our textbooks that the beta cells that release insulin uh don't do that when glucose levels are low, which is appropriate. But when glucose levels start to rise over a certain threshold, boom, your beta cells kick in. They release insulin. Um, and that's when you get insulin talking to your peripheral tissues and taking away that insulin and storing it back into your liver or your skeletal muscle or your fat. We also know from our textbooks uh that alpha cells that release glucagon are really important as a counter regulatory hormone. Whenever your blood sugar levels drop dangerously low with your alpha cells that kick in, talk to the liver and make your liver produce more glucose and restore your glucose levels. Um, however, your textbooks have are still teaching us that these two hormones work in this kind of yinyang fashion. They are functionally antagonistic hormones. And it's actually really exciting to be in this field because I think we're relearning that that's that's not the case. Yes, it is true that on the low glucose levels, alpha cells produce insulin and prod produce glucagon and that's a really important life-saving physiological response. But during the panal phase, when we're busy digesting a meal, these alpha cells, they don't oppose the beta cells. They're glucagon, as is indicated by that green arrow pointing from that alpha cell down to the beta cell. That green arrow is indicating a cooperation between alpha cells and beta cells. Alpha glucagon or sometimes alpha cell GLP-1 is actively stimulating the beta cell to produce more insulin. And it's not just glucagon that does this. It's also in human eyelets corticotropen releasing hormone and acettooline. There are multiple signals coming from the alpha cell that activate the beta cell during the prenal phase. Meaning this is a feature not a bug. Um and then there is delta cells. Uh Sean mentioned them in his slide. Delta cells make satastatin. Somatastatin is an inhibitory hormone and like anything in biology, you need to have some kind of feedback inhibition. Delta cells do that. They kind of keep the whole system from going off the rails and going off the track uh to make sure that once insulin levels are successful in bringing glucose levels back down, your delta cells are one of the mechanisms that make sure that we don't overshoot and produce too much insulin and get into hypoglycemic uh territory. So, The hierarchy, the cross talk that happens here, I think is important to summarize and it all starts with the beta cell. The beta cell itself is a glucose sensor. It's really good at sensing glucose and transmitting that in an appropriate amount of insulin secretion and as I'll show you in the next slide, those beta cells are actually tightly coordinated almost like a cardomyioite uh like a heart muscle um and they do that by gap junctions and layered on top of that are these local layers of crosstock. We call this paracrine cross talk where the alpha cell glucagon and the alpha cell GLP-1 and delta cell smatin kind of modulate beta's output and then the hormones and nutrients and neurotransmitters some of the nutrients and and precision nutrition that we're going to talk about today. They layer on top of that. They can talk and affect beta cells directly but they can also affect this local layer of cross talk that is baked into how an eyelet works. Now this is all abstract and schematic. What we do in the lab is to actually take a deep dive and a closer look as to how this works in real time. I'm going to show you this one simple vignette of that where we're looking at eyelets where we engineered them so that they are lighting up in real time as these processes take place. I'm not going to bore you with the details. I'm going to show you simply a video where you're going to see on the right in green calcium, an important second messenger, and on the left you see changes in another second messenger called cyclic AMP. Both of these things things are really important and it's changes in these second messenger levels that really are underlying the insulin that comes out of these islands. See and scare them to respond real quick. [music] And in doing so, we can get insight into the coordination between the cell types, the alpha cells and the delta cells along with the beta cells. And in doing so and in measuring what happens when incrutrin hormones are activating these cells, we can actually understand [music] which incrutin hormones are the best at driving a robust stimulation of secretion and which ones are less import less so. And I think by doing so, we're learning that some of the ways that these increin hormones that we all know and love and know work so well, some of the ways they work so well is because they are better at activating these signaling cascades I've just shown you. So the original target of the incrretin hormones I think still have some secrets that they're revealing to us. And with that I'll pass it on to Nick. Cool. Thank you. Um my name is Nick Travkin. I'm an assistant professor of pediatric cardiology at the University of Washington. Um I also get to run a lab out of Seattle to research institute. Um my lab is very interested in dynamic resilience of cardiovascular disease and the heart in particular. And I'm going to kind of give you some examples of what that means in context uh based on obesity. Also, I apologize for my voice. I was uh at the Mariners playoff game on Saturday. And uh that is why this is not going well in terms of microphone. Um so uh as as I think everyone here appreciates um obesity is accelerated aging. Um that everything in the body that uh obesity leads to is just everything that happens in aging just uh fasttracked. Um so much so that obese BMIs lead to reduced lifespan. Um but largely obese BMIs lead to not only reduced lifespan but reduce healthy living by much as 19 years. Um and this is really uh obvious in terms of mortality and cardiovascular disease. So obesity causes cardiovascular disease. Um and not only cardiovascular morbidity but cardiovascular mortality. Um as as BMI increases, vascular disease increases. I think this is all all well known. Um and and and this is really true in terms of the uh kind of modifiable risk factors of cardiovascular disease in terms of hypertension, cholesterol, metabolic dysfunction, and inflammation. And so we're interested in this aspect because um we see these as uh detriments to cardiovascular resilience. And so the the idea of resilience here is that the heart gets stressed and injured all the time. Um and it has to respond uh in normal life. It is always beating. And so these aspects of age and obesity are reducing the heart's ability to resiliently respond to these aspects and in order to kind of take damage and overall reduce its ability to function and that leads to uh this syndrome of heart failure. And so um one of the things that we got really interested in is terms of could uh well in general interested in things that can improve resilience of cardiovascular improve resilience of the heart um at a cellular level. And so that's what got really interested in these GLP-1 drugs. Um and as as I'm sure uh people know here, there have been so many uh clinical trials now on cardiovascular disease and specifically heart disease. Um a lot of them mainly through semoglutide but um improves uh cardiovascular outcomes in patients with type two diabetes. Um obesity related heart failure. This is more hep related. Um uh oral semoglutide now with type two diabetes. um oral se another oral cmoglutide with cardiovascular disease and type two diabetes um one with type 1 diabetes I just saw a presentation recently saying that uh someone from type 1 diabetes saying that they're always kind of the second child to type two diabetes so I wanted to throw this one in there too um and then I think most importantly to just general populations this select trial um that showed that uh obesity without diabetes is still uh beneficial um towards cardiovascular outcomes and to show that uh really specifically um there's a 20% reduction in cardiovascular events and a 15% reduction in cardiovascular mortality just by uh people taking semiglutite alone. Um I would also I just I'd also like pointing out with these um trials is that they see the same even though it's very obvious these benefits um to overall health um and and uh obesity and weight loss um they also see the same uh dropout that everything else does. I think it's like a 10% dropout pretty consistently across the board. Um and so we were really interested in this uh one because all of these seem like well yeah we know that obesity uh drives cardiovascular disease and this seems like a great way to reduce that very direct effect on cardiovascular disease. Um I'm going to uh uh go next to uh just kind of the we're asked to give provocative questions, right? Um so uh things that kind of were going ongoing. There we go. things that uh things that we're um kind of interested in the lab and and things that I'd love to discuss. Uh one is is there's there's clearly these indirect benefits on the heart just reducing um atapost tissue burden in people um and how that benefits uh cardiovascular outcomes. But there seem to be direct effects benefiting the heart as well. And that's that's super interesting super interesting to us. First is there there was this great meta uh metaanalysis trial that says that um in all of these uh clinical trials GLP-1s uh show weight loss and reduction and and reduction of cardiovascular events. There's actually no correlation between the two. So it seems like there's actually a lot of other benefits um to GLP-1s. There's also a uh uh there's a great paper great study uh published recently um looking at a mouse model of cardioabolic cardio renal metabolic dysfunction in hep um showing that uh weight loss alone uh could reduce um weight in the mice or feed restrictive feeding could reduce weight but there were actually beneficial cardiovascular outcomes uh with GLP-1 treatment in these mice. So I think that there are mechanistic uh ways that GLP-1 drugs are actually working to benefit the heart and hopefully reduce uh improve resiliency. Um also have this idea that there might be a negative effect on cardiac muscle mass. And so when is this when does this become too much of a negative effect? Um is is another important question. And then I just want to point out too I'm at Seattle Children's. Um another question that we have is is do children have different responses GLP1 than adults? The Seattle to I just looked this up um in the databases. Seattle Children's has 10 to 20 new patients every month on GLP1s. Um 72% of them are in the 95th percentile of BMI. Um and their median systolic blood pressure is 173. There there are very sick kids who are now potentially getting treated with GLP1s. And pediatric uh patients have the uh added either benefit or detriment of their hearts are still growing. They're still expanding um all the way up until you're 20. And so we're very interested in what these drugs could be affecting um in a pediatric setting. So, thank you. I'll pass it on. [applause] >> I'm Bob Rishan Revlin. I'm one of the um physician scientists here at UC Davis uh specializing in nephrology, which is uh kidney care. And uh my focus of my research is actually on um lifestyle therapeutics uh for patients with chronic kidney disease to improve physical performance and metabolism. So why kidney disease? Well, uh kidney disease is a a major public health burden and financial burden. Approximately 34% of adults over than older than 65 have chronic kidney disease or live with chronic kidney disease. And the endstage kidney disease population accounts for less than 1% of Medicare beneficiaries, but it consumes more more than 7% of Medicare dollars. So really high burden. The kidneys are uh very important organs because they're involved in maintaining fluid balance, electrolyte acid base balance and also excretion of toxins which when they accumulate can impact multiple organ systems and cause inflammation, oxidative stress and insulin resistance. uh the um particular as as we all know particularly the um obesity and diabetes are particularly uh significant risk factors for development of chronic kidney disease. So it's uh no surprise that uh treatments for diabetes and kidney disease particularly the increintic drugs have a significant effect in slowing progression of uh chronic kidney disease or even developing chronic kidney disease and Nick went through a couple of the studies but I flow uh I'll just highlight the flow study which recently came out in spring of this year that showed that it even in diabetic kidney disease it slows progression. Why is that? What what are the role of incretins? Well, in creatins actually there are receptors for GLPS in the kidney and in particular the uh kidney endothelium and also some of the tubules have uh increin receptors. So the main actions on the kidney are to uh not only uh improve uh blood pressure response in in these areas they also reduce the um sodium retention and improve natures. They also have resident immune cells that actually are impacted and so there is an anti-inflammatory effect on the resident immune cells. Increetime drugs have uh potential for patients with kidney disease mainly because one of the reasons is that there's altered increetant homeostasis in patients with kidney disease. In this study uh that uh Dr. Dr. Cummings and I performed we looked at non-diabetic chronic kidney disease patients and characterized their um secretion patterns of increins uh with an oral glucose tolerance test compared to controls. Everybody was non-diabetic and as you can see here that there is a uh elevated exposure to increins in response to an oral glucose tolerance test. There was also evidence of some end organ uh resistance because the increant stimulation of insulin uh was uh suppressed and in addition there was also a uh inability to suppress the the glucagon that you see here glucagon levels which glucagon is a as was referred to earlier is a diabettogenic hormone and it's also a catabolic hormone. In addition, one of the um less recognized target organs affected by kidney disease with the retention of urimic solutes is skeletal muscle and uh chronic kidney disease patients. If you look here on the bottom one, you can see there is substantial amounts of interuscular atapost tissue compared to controls that are recruited from the clinic. that has implications for not only metabolic health but also uh physical performance. And as you could see here as the as you get worsening kidney disease going from chronic kidney disease to maintenance hemodiialysis this interuscular atapost tissue accumulates. So the quality of the muscle is poor and that correlates the infiltration of the interuscular atapose tissue as you see in the plot in the bottom actually is directly related to poor energetic capacity of the muscle measured using phosphocreatin magnetic resonance spectroscopy P31 MRS interestingly even modest exercise in these patients we have a home 12week home uh personal uh training program that we have uh recruited patients into who have moderate to severe chronic kidney disease and it's only moderate uh physical activity structured with a personal trainer over Zoom and you can see in these patients the oxidative capacity of the exercisers compared to the non-ex exercisers significantly and meaningfully improves co coinciding with a 39 m increase in six-minute walk test. So there is potential for just lifestyle therapeutics in particular exercise to improve the metabolic health of muscles even in debilitated patients with chronic kidney disease and there is a role for uh the combination of therapeutics with the o ompic type drugs the incredibimedics and that's where the future of our studies lie. We are hoping to see if we can improve muscle metabolic health uh and performance with the combination of our exercise program and in addition to uh increasing mimetic drugs to see if we can get these improvements in muscle metabolism coinciding with performance rather than causing worsening exercise intolerance. Thank you. [applause] >> Um, so I'm Keith Bar. I'm professor. What I study is muscularkeeletal health. So that means that I'm looking at uh how your muscles, your tendons, your your connective tissues allow you to do the movements you want to do. The reason that I'm here is that one of the biggest things with all of the the GLP-1 receptor antagon or agonists I should say is that they're supposed to have this 40% of the weight you lose is supposed to come from lean mass. And so if that's coming from your muscle mass, that's then going to be problematic because if we lose 40% of our muscle mass and then we stop the drug and we gain back all the weight, now we're going to have way less muscle mass because in order to gain back the muscle, we actually have to do something. So we actually started looking at this because we wanted to understand where the lean mass was coming from. A lot of this work is done by was uh with my former postoc he's now a assistant professor at shall in Berlin and what we did is a simple thing which we we wanted to understand what was happening with muscle but then we wanted to make things even a little bit worse. So what we do is we do these little 3D printed casts that we can put on a mouse and so we can immobilize one leg. We can then have a non-immobilized and immobilized. We have them all on high uh on a not a highfat diet, but the American diet. So, they're all gaining lots of muscle or lots of uh mass, fat mass mostly. And then what we did is we put them onto either um semiglutide, cervodide, which is a which is uh GLP-1 together with a glucagon um agonist. So, that's a dual agonist. Or we then did a paraffed group. So calorically restricted. So we gave them we they were one day um regressed. So we would measure the food. How much food did the ones who had the semiglutide or the cervodide eat? We then took the average. We then gave them that much food and we you can see that in the change in body weight you can see that the the parfed or the caloric restricted group lost exactly the same amount of weight. Okay. So the change in body weight between the three groups where we're seeing uh either the drug or where we've parapfed them is exactly the same. Our ad libitum we're injecting them. We're putting a cast on them. So they lose a little bit of weight just because of the stress of that. So so what I wanted to show is the first thing is that um it's we're not losing 40% of the mass that we're losing is not coming from skeletal muscle. So if we look at the adluminum fed, you actually because they're losing a little body weight, they're maintaining their muscle. The open bars in each group, that's the one that's not casted. The one that's casted is uh the closed bar or the the the bars with the stripes in it. And so what you can see is that just like in humans, you're going to lose about 10% of your muscle mass. This is a weak immobilization. So that's you're losing 10% of that muscle mass in a week. It's completely normal. Exactly the same thing we see in humans. Um, if you are just losing some weight, you're you're and you're not casting the leg, you don't lose, if anything, your muscle mass gets bigger relative to your body size. If you look at any of the caloric restricted, the semi or the servo in the control leg, what you see is that there's no actual loss greater loss in muscle mass from the drugs than if you calorically restrict. So, and we also know this because if you put in the drug as a pellet instead of daily injections and you get a constant level of the drug, you don't lose any body weight because they don't have the same effect on on some of the on the mouse's desire to eat. But you and you don't see any loss in muscle mass in that situation either. So there's not a direct effect on muscle mass. So where is the where is the lean if except maybe a little bit when we have that inactivity. So if you look at the if you look at the the light blue bar with the stripes in it, that's the casted leg with the caloric restriction. If you look at the two drugs, it might be having a tendency to be a little bit lower there, but it's not a dramatic effect. So that again speaks to what Bob was talking about, which is doing these things together. So if you're going to put up put somebody on to a GOP1 receptor agonist, you want them to be doing something so that you can have them not be in the immobilized or sitting on their butt all the day. um because just having the immobilization maybe that's going to have another effect. So where's the lean mass loss coming from? What you see is the lean mass loss is actually coming from um the the liver. So the liver is actually went down by a factor of 2/3. So we're losing a huge amount of liver mass. And when you do the human studies and you just do um all you're doing is you're looking at it through dexa, dexa can't distinguish the liver u mass as much as fat mass in the liver or is it the the liver is lean mass. Okay. And just to show you that there are some differences if you look at the liver triglyceride levels. Interesting thing here is that the semi and the servy the servoglucite so the GLP-1 receptor agonist they see a nice decrease in liver triglyceride. Look at the caloric restriction. What you're doing in the caloric restriction sense is you're actually protecting the liver atapost. You're losing a lot more glycogen from the liver. When you're just doing caloric restriction without this, without the GLP1s, the servo, because it's got the glycogen or the glucagon molecule in it, you're actually seeing more glycogen loss together with the triglyceride loss. Whereas the semiglutide alone, you're seeing only a little bit of a drop in the glycogen. So we're what we're seeing is we're seeing that a lot of what we're doing with the GOP1s is that we're affecting dramatically the liver. Um we're not affecting as dramatically the muscle and that was one of the things that I know in this group where we're thinking about things to maintain muscle mass. We still want to we continue to want to do that because we're still losing about 20% muscle mass but it's not different from caloric restriction. Whereas the liver, you can see that depending on which one you use, you're going to get different effects in the liver. This are going to have metabolic effects throughout the body. >> So complete the thank you guys. >> So completes our journey around the body, right? So there's a lot of other physiological systems that are impacted, but I hope this gave you all a good sense that, you know, the GLP1s are very likely acting, you know, not just in the tissues we think they are, but probably bodywide. And this was just sort of a taste of that. So, thank you guys very much. It's great. I wanted to to riff off of something if I may on terms of my first question for for the for the muscle guys and that is um you know Nick you ca you came up with this idea that maybe p in a pediatric setting there could be something different going on because you're talking about it you know the muscles are still developing the heart is still developing and so on and so forth that's a very different situation from like the mouse studies where they're already adults and now you're trying to put them on a highfat diet so I would just be really curious what your thoughts are on how this might impact muscle development and has that ever been tested in a even a rodent model. >> So, so really quickly just um what the the pediatric heart um [clears throat] uh groups have done is um through echo analysis have shown that uh heart size grows with uh body surface area in people. So, it is really linked to how tall and how heavy you are um as a child growing. Um, and it's that that it it's not sexbased, it's not um region based, that those are the two variables that define heart size, which is super interesting um just on its own. But when you're talking about GLP1s and adjusting that um and potentially even reducing that, that is uh I don't think any so no one knows what that does to pediatric heart size during growth. So that's that's why it's super interesting to me from the heart in a pediatric perspective. But yeah, >> so so this is a really a great and very important question because a lot of these drugs, a lot of drugs in general are starting to be given to people younger and younger. We just finished a study where we were looking at a drug that's FDA approved for kids over two and we found that um when we gave it to rats from day seven to day 28, they actually ended up about 40% smaller. So they're about half the size. um even though you're allowed to give it to people who are two years or older. And there's one case in the in the literature that said that they had one of the they had somebody who was on it who came in and they were really really small. And so there are lots of these cases and especially when we're talking about drugs that are affecting insulin or insulin like growth factors or other things that are really tightly clo uh really tightly regulated for developmental size is going to be really important to understand those things and and that's not something that most people address when they're looking at these types of things. >> So it's the old adage that children are not just little adults, right? But yet sometimes we think of that in in medical terms. What would be the just to take that one step further, what would be the key studies that would need to be done to sort of ask how this is impacting that? It sounds like you started to do some Keith, but uh >> yeah. So, so we do a bunch of studies where we start at about day seven when when in rats where they're young, but they're even getting their nutrition maternally. So, you can do it through maternal injections. So you can see the effects of whether whether the drug passes through through the milk. So you can get some of that. And I think that that's really important to then get weights and see what development looks like and and do some of these analysis and look at it over time. And we we look at all the systems and in the model that I was talking about basically everything was proportionally smaller. The heart was smaller. The the everything except for the spleen because the drug that we were looking at affected the spleen. um but everything was proportionally smaller. So it those types of things where you look and you you watch development in a very shortened period because you can look at a model organism really important to find fundamental things that are associated with growth and development within these tiss. >> Yeah, I'd say on top of that too, so we do the a mouse studies in a similar manner. Um but uh the more people that get on these drugs, the more kids they get on these drugs, the more uh clinical data that will be um and the more we can actually compare um it is right because there are uh I think it's very clear but uh and from everyone else there's uh direct effects of these drugs on cells on tissues that are not um the intended target mostly probably beneficial too because these drugs are working better than you'd expect. Um but uh trying to figure out um what those are doing in developmental contexts would be very important. Um and it also hard to separate those aspects um in a clinical setting but so just more numbers more people and I'll uh head over to Bob next if that's okay. So um you've mentioned I think maybe even in your talk the relationship there is a sort of a cross talk between kidney function and muscle. Um could you elaborate on that a little bit and then I'll I'll bug you with another question maybe right after that. Bob. >> Sure. I [clears throat] I think the main mediators of the uh effect on of kidney disease on muscle metabolism and also muscle atrophy are um the reduced kidney function causing not only an increase in the accumulation of these uremic toxins from the gut microbiome that accumulate because of the impaired excretion those actually have a direct effect on muscle mitochondrial functioning. Um there have been animal studies that have shown that to date uh we're trying to see if uh this is a factor in humans but most of the studies that looked at it were actually in kidney disease induced in mice. There's also um studies classic studies that looked at acid accumulation with kidney disease with five six nephrecized mice and uh there's uh a lot of uh data to support that in animal models at least that there is uh an effect of the metabolic acidosis on um impaired insulin signaling. um these can be related to postinssulin receptor defects but there is a a thought that that is one of the factors involved. So when we consider uh diet in patients with kidney disease we uh the paradigm has shifted toward more alkaline diets to reduce the acid load on the kidney. Um and in part that's uh not only uh considered in it's controversial in terms of preservation of kidney function uh but in animal studies it shows that it does pres uh preserve some um muscle. >> Let let me link it a little bit to food again. You sort of mentioned food which a lot of folks in this room care about. Um yeah so chronic kidney disease you know there is a lot of dietary guidance around that already for several decades. >> Will that dietary guidance need to shift in your opinion with folks who are taking the GLP-1 drugs? Does it change the paradigm in your opinion? >> Yeah the guid [clears throat] guidelines still haven't caught up. Uh but um even when you go to nephrology conferences there is um a um understanding that uh the two things that have to be uh taken care of in this population that is nutritionally vulnerable is liberalization of protein intake because uh our current guidelines are a little archaic. They recommend a very strict reduction in protein intake to less than.7 grams per kilogram per day which is really difficult to achieve and less than the US recommended daily allowance of these uh proteins. So increasing protein intake is one thing and the other thing is these medications are associated with impaired thirst and patients who have kidney disease require deliberate hydration to avoid uh kidney injury uh due to dehydration because many of them are already on diuretics because they need to eject the salt from their high salt diets that they have. So uh dehydration is one factor. um pro liberalization of protein restriction and also um making sure that they don't develop micronutrient deficiencies. >> Yeah, I have a very good friend at ASU who would say water is the forgotten nutrient actually you know we don't think of water that much but maybe we should especially when you know intake generally is down. Can I bug you next Mark? Okay, great. Then you can speculate all you like too. It's kind of fun. But, you know, when we when we think of these hormones, even the, you know, sort of synthetic ones coming in and hitting these receptors, do what do we know about how the drug is actually impacting other hormone systems, maybe glucagon secretion or pick your favorite at the level of the pancreas for instance, or even other tissues? Do we do we know much about that? Um I I [clears throat] think there's a lot of things said about what incretin drugs do and don't do on um not only insulin secretion but glucagon secretion. Most people will know that incretins inhibit glucagon secretion for example. Um the problem with that is if you want to engage in signaling there needs to be a signal and a receptor for on for that signal on a cell. in mouse and probably human alpha cells the receptor for incretins is not there. So how then do you explain mechanistically the observation that an incretin is inhibited glucagon secretion and I think that's an open question. I think a likely uh mechanistic explanation for that is to evoke some of this local cross talk that I introduced in my slides that we know and start to understand better where one way of doing that is having an incotrin drug not only activate a beta cell which we know it does but also activate these delta cells these professional inhibitors and these delta cells are really good at inhibiting glucagon secretion from alpha cells. So it is not so hard to envision how the known effects of increas secretion are mediated not directly by act by acting on an alpha cell but via one cell in between which is a professional inhibitor cell. The other reason why the glucagon suppressive actions are a little hard to reconcile with incretins incretinimetics is the way that we know these receptors are signaling. We know that all these incretins signal through receptors that are coupled in a way that is always going to promote exocytosis. And how then does an incretin promote exocytosis of the beta cell where the payload is insulin but actually do the exact opposite inhibit exocytosis of a very similar cell which is the alpha cell. um that from a signaling perspective that is really hard to reconcile and again taking that delta cell that indirect route would solve that as well. So I think there is a lot of circumstantial evidence to point at the actual mechanism for that known glucon suppressive effect is mediated through the delta cell and I think you made a comment in the beginning that in order to to treat a disease you have to understand the disease. I've been amazed at working in in eyelets for 20 years now how I don't think we even understand how how how a simple thing like an eyelet with only three cell types actually works and I think it is helpful to understand that better because then you can be more precise in how you target the beneficial effects you want which in a prenal phase might actually be a combination of a little bit of glucagon from the alpha cell to really just help the beta cell promote insulin secretion most effectively which is how a healthy pancreas gets that That's not complicated or anything. >> It's not. >> It is amazing. >> I ju I just wanted to add one thing there that Mark brings up and and that's that uh the receptor is really important, but all the tissues I talked about neither the liver nor the nor the muscle has a receptor for GLP-1. And so we see these huge effects on these tissues, but they're they have to be either indirect or they're happening in some sort of small p pool of these cells that are then signaling locally to have that local effect. And so we we still don't know what it is. And so, you know, a lot of this is that there's a commercial drive that's really really fast and it's there because there's a big there's a big need, but the science is is way behind where that commercial drive is. And so that's again what we're looking to we have to pick up the pace and we have to but again that that research has to come and a lot of the the research is coming at the whole body the whole organism level and that's great but if you still don't understand how it's working in the the pancreas you're not going to be able to understand how it's working at the whole body or what the potential consequences are which is the other the other side of that. >> So let me try to I'm going to stretch that one. It's going to be really stretched here Justin to food. Um and that is you know a lot of these things um operate through the neurons right even the localized neurons in the gut or you know circuit pancreas even the muscle and liver are regulated they're metabolically by neuronal discussions with the brain. So there may not be a receptor on the particular target tissue but if the brain is responding and coming back to that target tissue. So, how might I don't know, open question. How might food maybe modify um some of these peripheral effects? And might might this neuronal stuff be part of this sort of um you know, the depression, the lack of the food noise, all of those sorts of things? Maybe it's all operating through more of a neuronal pathway. Anybody want to riff off of that? So for for a lot of that you're looking at you've got not only the neuronal component but you've got the gut itself and and the microbiome that's within the gut. And so, so we again know very little and I think Bethany spoke about it a little bit this morning and and we're still trying to understand how a lot of these things because yes, it's being created originally. GOP1 is coming from the gut and that's where it was originally created and that's what evolutionarily that's where it was supposed to come from but and so it's obviously responsive to food. But then how does the the change in diet that's happened over the last, you know, hundred years take into account what was happening for the last 40,000 years of evolution where you've got this evolutionary change, but now we've got a dramatic shift in what we're supplying in the last 100 years. Now we're co-opting what we've done for evolution and we're changing dramatically what we're using it for and how it's produced. And so whether that's from microbiome itself, whether that's from a neuronal component of a gut brain interaction, whether we have I have no idea and hopefully somebody is looking at that, but it's not going to be me in that one. But yeah, I think it's a really important question. Just [clears throat] one thing I think is uh underststudied in in the field is um we have to remember that the GLP receptors are also on immune cells and immune cells are localized within every organ system. Uh when you have metabolically unhealthy obesity the uh accumulation of lipids has outgrown its blood supply. Uh one of the thoughts is this hypoxia paradigm for inflam inflamo obesity where the um vessels just cannot keep up with the lipid accumulation and that triggers this inflammatory response and release of inflammatory adipocines. I think more studies need to be done localized to fat tissue and seeing what's happening to the immune phenotype within the atapost tissue in response to these medications. So uh there there may be a immune modulatory effect that yet is yet to be uh explored because the perrenal fat which I had on my slide and didn't have time to go into that perrenal fat uh is a source of inflammatory adypocines that can damage a kidney tissue and just reduction of that fat reduces the inflammatory response in the kidney. So it's important to keep in that in mind. I I can add really quickly to the heart. Um the pervascular atapost tissue is absolutely it's a um atapost tissue covers the coronary arteries and disruption of that in in obesity absolutely drives um coronary artery disease. Uh on top of that um a failing heart uses it changes its metabolic structure. So it uses different uh fuel sources uh linking to everything you're saying. And then the last uh I think uh thing they reminded me of is that um an aged heart actually reduces its neuronal connections. So there that's one of the things that happens in aging in a heart is that the neurons uh start to die off that are connected to the brain. It's a um clearly you're not thinking about how to beat your heart, but it's it's all the other types of connections that are there. So all of that might get disrupted with age and obesity. I mean to your original question like how much of this is is is through neural uh interactions and I mean a lot of it is we know that we we learn more about this. Um clear clearly some of the benefits of these increasing drugs are the are on the original target the beta cell and the cells around the beta cell that shape that um as I indicated in the in the overview slide we know really well the pancreas the eyelets in particular are heavily heavily innovated and a lot of the um beneficial effects we're learning of uh of these inkimeatics are by changing reward food seeking behavior for diversity behavior and I think these all these all these these all interact with each other and [clears throat] and provide the maybe sometimes larger than expected benefits that you would get from just having a drug that acts on the beta cell alone. And then you have the really massive benefits of just the rapid metabolic improvement itself that have all these knock-on side effects that are that are better as well. Um, and if this sounds like a little handwavy, it is because I think there's lessons to be learned here in that how the actual signaling happens at a single cell molecular level which we are starting to look at now. I think the lessons that we're learning there on a beta cell will probably be I would not be surprised if those beneficial long-term signaling that happens in response to a short burst of an incretin will not be unique to a beta cell but I think that signaling may be may have similarities in a neuron or even a cardiammyioite or maybe even an immune cell um because it all signaling down the stream of an incotin receptor and a lot of that is going to be somewhat conserved between different cell types in the body and I look forward to learning more how the things that we are looking at um how some incretins work so well on a beta cell if these same in incretins also work so well on a cardiammyioite or a neuron um in in providing or explaining some of the therapeutic benefits that we know that they have but can't quite explain with what we know about signal antinate and I want to I want to open the the floor to questions so be gearing up okay be ready everybody um but to kind of prompt this a little further here you know one of the things that a lot of people don't realize who are in the food business is the gut is the largest, you know, one of the largest, you know, immune tissues in the body. And one of one of the most innervated tissues in the body other than the brain, right? So, as people are changing their food, you know, habits or the amount of food they're taking in or they're changing what they're eating, you might instantly imagine that all of those signals which are normally interrogating the gut are changing. and that may be impart some of these indirect effects that we've been talking about. So before I go to the floor with questions, I'm going to bug the muscle and heart folks a little bit more and say I want to hear a little bit more about potential impacts on function. So we talk about lean body mass, muscle mass, these sorts of things. We talked a little bit, Bob, you know, showed a little bit on mitochondrial function which made me happy, but what about things like propriception and balance? What about things like strength? Um, you know, other I'll I'll leave it to you all to to speak to that. Same thing for the heart, heart function, you know, what's going on with those things. >> Yeah. So, the study that um that I showed that Henning um Langanger is is the first author on, we it it's now three mouse studies and a human study. And basically, they show the same thing. um that relative to their mass. So you're losing 20% of your mass, you're not losing 20% of your muscle, you're not lo losing 20% of your strength. So strength relative to mass is improving. And that's really good because one of the things that you saw in the pharmaceutical industry is that oh, we're losing 40% of our mass. Let's let's buy a company that has a muscle building component to it. And they went out and they did they did stuff that inhibited myostastatin. And myastatin has the reverse effect which it increases muscle mass but doesn't increase strength proportional to the mass and so it actually increases disability. So so the fact that you're actually improving ability using these drugs is a positive as a positive effect. I didn't show any of the the tenant work but the tenant actually is slightly better with the with the GOP1 agonist. And again we don't necessarily think that that's because of a direct effect. We think that's probably because of the decrease in inflammation which has a direct negative effect on it. And so as far as function, they actually seem to be having a really good effect on function at least in the small clinical studies that we've done. Um there was a recent paper uh published that looked at uh interuscular atapost tissue which uh is purported to accumulate in patients with diabetes and obesity. And um through this experimental model they they noticed that the increase in the interuscular atapose tissue was directly related to a um reduction in the time to fatigue of the muscle. So there is clearly a uh uh a detrimental effect of that. And so the key question in our research group is really trying to figure out what is happening with the treatment of the intramuscular atapost tissue. Uh because as uh Keith so eloquently stated, it's not about um you know muscle mass, it's about function and you can improve the efficiency by improving the uh quality of the muscle. >> And so for the mixed audience here, what you're talking about is the marbling of the muscle. I hate to gross everybody out, but >> Exactly. >> Yeah. >> Good for beef, not not for muscle. >> Before we go to the audience, did anybody else want to weigh in on the on the sort of functional aspects rather than the mass? >> Yeah. Ju just really quickly. So um obesity is linked to card uh to heart failure through inflammation and that's that is the direct um uh reduction in uh heart function is really inflammation and so that's that's the idea is to kind of reduce inflammation increase uh overall ability for the heart to remodel. >> All right I think we go to the audience let's start with Dr. Listik >> I have questions for all of you but I'm not going to do that to you. We have 11 minutes and I'm not going to do that to you. But I am very glad Dr. Roshan that you just brought up that whole issue about the intramiocellular lipid being the important issue as opposed to the muscle itself. And that I want to take that and actually ask Dr. Chaffkin to defend his statement that obesity is the driver because we have patients with MC4R deficiencies who are marketkedly obese and have absolutely no problem with cardiac function and we have patients with lipodistrophe who are actually thin but have significant abnormalities in cardiac function and the difference is the visceral fat as opposed to subcutaneous fat which is really insulin resistant. working at the level of the heart as opposed to the obesity itself. So I would challenge you that I think that um you need to rethink that paradigm. Having said that, one of the things that increases intracardiac myiocellular lipid that leads to the decreased ejection fraction and heart failure is unfortunately sugar fructose mediated uh lipid deposition into the cardiac muscle. My question to you is is the reason that semiglutide and the other GLP-1 agonists working on improving cardiac function because of the reduction in sugar intake due to its other CNS effects or is there something specific going on in muscle? So I would say um absolutely it it it could be because of a a direct sugar uptake intake. So I will say to um you make a very good and distinctive point is that um when I'm talking about obese uh obesity driving it is absolutely visceral atapost tissue that is driving um the dysfunction. It's the visceral atapost tissue that gets dysfunctional and starts to uh promote these kind of um pro-inflammatory adipocines that are driving a lot of the cardiac remodeling that's seen in um not necessarily heart failure with reduced ejection fraction but heart failure with preserved ejection fraction that's more of a stiff heart uh syndrome that's seen a lot of cardio renal metabolic dis dysfunctions um I do think that uh there's not enough evidence to really be sure about this right but I do think that these GLP1 and receptor agonists are working uh to uh beneficially for uh sugar uptake and I think that's um uh potentially probably best seen um in endothelial cells. I think um you've seen this as well in the kidneys. Um but endothelial cells are are very important in in the vascular health of any tissue and just the overall health in any tissue and they're very susceptible to um both insulin resistance and um uh glucose intolerance and so they're um I and they express a lot of uh glucose uptake uh to bring glucose into um the tissue. they actually have also have more of a a um glycolysis pathway activated in order to use tissue uh to use energy so that they can get their oxygen into the actual cells that need it. Um so I there's there's lots that could be going on a lot more I think mechanistic and cellular studies that need to be uh done to be able to confirm that. My feeling is that you're right and that it's affecting glucose uptake and glucose use. >> Hi Abigail Stevenson from Mars. Um, as we start to see real world data emerging on the use of these drugs, there are two trends. There's intermittent use and there's micro doing. Could you say a little bit about how you think those trends might affect the the body systems, you know, you've been describing pretty pure clinical trials where use of the drugs or rodent studies where use of the drugs is really tightly controlled. In real world data, we're seeing that that really isn't the case. Could you describe a little bit about what you think those effects may be? >> Um, so I I deal with a clinical population and um the whole micro doing phenomena I'm not particularly uh attuned to. uh but you know one of the things that have come out from clinical trials particularly those with the withdrawal of these medications is that the clinical trials that combined exercise nutrition and these medications after the withdrawal of the medication itself exercise was protective of the rebound. The Slight study which was uh done in Denmark is a classic one with the 52- week post uh intervention follow-up that showed irrespective of whether a patients uh um received uh exercise or no exercise, exercise was protective and that was done after the drug was stopped. So we always as nephrologists in our our our group's practice, we always always encourage uh movement and structured physical activity because there is a role to prevent that rebound. They still gain weight, but it's definitely not um uh in to the magnitude of those that were in the medication alone group. So it's really important. Um maybe somebody else knows about micro doing. So, so again I from an athletic population and aesthetic population that's where I get a lot of the work that I do and I understand a lot of what you're talking about as far as micro doing and cycling. Um again Bob hit it exactly right. Whether it's micro doing whether it's cycling what you're going to do for the longevity of being able to keep off weight or be able to maintain a lower weight is going to be dependent and we know this from years of studies beforehand. The exercise is not great for losing weight, but it's great for maintaining weight once you've achieved the weight. So, it's a much better way to do it. It doesn't prevent the rebound completely, but it's going to minimize that to a large degree. The big caveat with a lot of these things is that we go out and we say, "You should exercise to our patients and then they go out and they aggressively exercise and they all get hurt." And the reason they all get hurt is because when they're we've shown that highfat diet and all of these things actually have really negative effects on the connective tissues that allow them to transmit that force. So you have to actually be smart about the exercise you're giving. You can't just go out and say, "Oh, you should go and do these things." because in an aggressive di diabetes uh study they also came from Denmark and again Nova Nortis is is leading a lot of these things to try and understand this but basically if they were in the aggressive group with exercise and nutritional interventions in the diabetic group they had three-fold higher rates of tenon injuries that led to that led to disabilities and so we just have to be a little bit concerned about that component and again that's one of the reasons why we looked at the tenon function with with the GLP-1 agonist is because we were wondering whether this would make things progressively worse in that tissue and we were pleasantly surprised that that [clears throat] we actually saw a little bit of an improvement there. So it potentially going to be somewhat protective against the thing that we have problems with in these populations who are trying to get to exercise. We're desperately trying to get them to exercise and they go out and they do it and they get hurt and they're like, "Oh, I should never have done that." And then they go and they're going to rebound even higher. Before we go to the next question, I just had a thought maybe going off of that a little bit if I understood your question right. Abby. Abigail. Yeah, Abby. Um, is that you do wonder about some of these effects in these other tissues whether you actually need to have such a high concentration, such a high dose that you would have for all the weight loss part, right? I believe that's been kind of underststudied. Meaning, can you go with a much lower dose and and alleviate a lot of these other problems? The weight might not come off as much, but maybe you've got a much healthier liver and so on. Just a thought question. That was the perfect Zway for me. My name is Sebastian. I represent uh a natural ingredient company. So many companies out there promote fiber richch products as nature's ompic. And so one of the questions I have is um does the research and the knowledge we gain now about GLP-1 has the potential to give us new research, new insights about fiber and how fiber works in the body? And uh my second question is um you all have laid out the gaps we have right now in understanding. When do we have to meet again in this setting to have a really solid understanding? Is it 2 years, 5 years, 10 years from now where we can say, okay, we actually got to get a good um understanding now of how those things happen. >> Well, we'll have to ask AG1 and I if about when the next meeting is, but maybe five years, I don't know. It's a great it's a great question on the on the fiber. Uh, anybody want to kind of riff off of that or other functional foods? >> Sure. I mean, I will riff off of that by by acknowledging that, you know, many of this work in on the basic science side simplify what we what we study to a fault because all we do is we add glucose. Um, and we pretend that that is a good enough for what actually happens when you you or I will have our lunch after this the session. And we know it's not the case. Um, alpha cells in mouse models in particular in humans also are arguably more responsive to to protein to amino acids than to glucose. Yet all textbooks still frame alpha cells as being inhibited by low glucose or being activated by low glucose. They are activated under conditions of low glucose by other signals that are correlated with hypoglycemia. But it's not the lack of glucose itself that is the only or maybe even the major thing that does that. Uh, and that's only talking about some of the major macronutrients. I'm leaving out fats. We know lots about fatty acids, too. It's not even talking about how the other dietary compositions that um happen in real world are impacting the basic biology that we're studying. So I think we have a lot to a lot of opportunity to really try and take the biology that we're studying and maybe with some simple tweaks actually bring that much closer to the the mixture of nutrients and and um compounds that an actual cell whether it's a cardomyioite or a liver or or beta cell sees in a more invivo like setting or a better mimatic of what what happens in vivo because I I guarantee you that we'll be seeing a lot more um behavior of these cells in real time that mimics what you would be seeing in vivo if you could look in vivo at the same resolution. So um I think we have all the tools to be able to do exactly what you're proposing to do and we we can apply them on short time scales. So the the biggest question that you had is how long. Um and so the how long component is dependent on on how much we can do and how much we can do is dependent on what we get as far as research funding and that's that's going down. And so the the thing is that it might be it should be about two years would be fine. But if we're going to have this meeting, we're probably going to have it in Denmark in two years because that's where a lot of the funding is to do a lot of the research. We're destroying that kind of that advantage that we have. And that's going to make it really harder for us to be competitive with those people who have now much more as far as their ability to do the research because they have the money to hire people to do the the types of experiments that really need to be done. And that's the real that's the real the real issue here as far as how long it's going to take. We could do it really quickly. It would just take um person power to do that. And that person power requires, you know, funding as as everybody in here who runs a business understands that's going to be the key component to to how quickly you can get to that next milestone. >> So let me let me turn that into a positive Keith if I can. I'll try just to end the session uh you know before we close. I mean I do think that lots of things are leading to this idea of you know sort of partnerships with stakeholders, companies, uh states you know fill in the blank to answer some of these questions. I think we need to be creative and I think the people in this room have an opportunity to to to sort of be creative with some of us academicians if you will to answer some of these questions so maybe we can meet in two years uh despite the challenges we face now. So, I think uh hopefully you can all appreciate that the GLP1s impact a lot of different systems in the body. That's a take-home message. Another take-home message is gee, what's going on in the neurons and the immune system and all of these other things? And how [snorts] does eating less food or different kinds of food impact these pathways? And should we be thinking about functional foods that not only maintain, you know, muscle mass and do these other things we typically think about micronutrients? Maybe we need functional foods that impact some of these other systems that we don't really even understand very much now. So with that, I want to thank Mark, Nick, Bob, and Keith for a wonderful session. Thank you very much, guys. [applause and music]

- New Year Weight Loss Starts Here: 20 GLP-1 Answers! Part 1: Kind: captions Language: en Are you sitting at home making the same resolution you've made for the last 10 years to lose weight? Well, that's everybody's resolution, right? And up until recently, it's been very difficult, if not impossible, to do. But with the advent of modern obesity medications like GLP-1s at bound Manjaro, will go via Ozempic, it is not only possible, it is probable, and there is hope. Today's video is the first video in a series of two that my wife, Lorraine, and I have filmed for our channel, The Downsize, that will walk you through the 20 questions that our viewers have asked the most. The questions they wanted to know the answers to before they started these medications, their fears, their hopes, their dreams, and more practically, how to actually get these medications. So, Lorraine and I are going to walk you through those things today, or the first 10, and tomorrow we'll release the second video in the series that will be the second 10 in the series. We originally filmed this as one long video, and realized, gosh, that's too long of a video. So, we've split it up, and that's why you get to see me all by myself at the beginning right now, because I'm filming a new opening, and then we'll go into the conversation that Lorraine and I have about the top 20 questions about GLP-1s. Happy New Year's. So, as with most people, there's a lot of you sitting at home going, ah, I need to make some resolutions. I need to lose weight. Weight loss is the most common resolution. You don't say. How many times have you made a weight loss resolution? >> old am I? 56? Probably 56 times. I'm still not that many, but definitely it was always my resolution for as long as I can remember, until I found GLP-1s. So, today, we're going to answer 20 questions that came from our viewers, or were inspired by our viewers, about weight loss, obesity, and GLP-1s. My name is Christopher Durham, and this is The Downsize. This is my lovely wife. Hello, I'm Lorraine Durham. Uh yes, we've been married 22 years. I've lost 50 lb with GLP-1s. Christopher's lost over 100 lb with GLP-1s, and we started this channel almost 2 years ago, because we had such great success, and we were so excited about these medications that we wanted to share them with the world. So, what are we doing today, Christopher? We're talking about some things people want to know. >> yeah, so this morning I actually posted on our YouTube, in our YouTube community, and on our in our Facebook groups, the question that basically was, we're going to do a video, and we want to help people who are thinking about starting, who have just started GLP-1s, what are the questions that you would have liked to have answered? What were the things you were worried about? What were the things you were concerned about? I've pulled those, a lot of questions were, as you can imagine, similar questions. A lot of people have similar concerns, and built 20 questions around those. We're going to walk through each of those with you today, tell you a little bit more about our journey, and answer the most common questions. We have over 900 videos out there, so this is not by any means intended to to be the answer to every question. This is a start. Right. So, if you're If someone wants to get started today, what do they need to know? Like, what How What are the answers to the main questions if you wanted to get started right away? Right. So, you can always add to this, and we have another 900 videos, go search. We have probably done a video about it. If you have an idea for a video, you can also leave it in the comments. Maybe we'll make that video, as well. We publish videos every day. To set up a little bit more of our background, people ask all of the time, are you doctors? Are you nutritionists? Are you certified trainers? Are you No, we're not. We're just a regular couple who lives in the suburbs, who was overweight the vast majority of our lives. >> Chronic dieter. Chronic starter of new diets and new diet programs. >> Yeah. And 2 years ago, we started taking these medications, and we succeeded with. And it's something that you can do, too. There's nothing special about us on it. >> No, there we We're just a couple in North Carolina that lost weight on these medications. So, I'm 56, I've got three kids. I'm 5'5". I started it this journey at 193 lb, and today I weigh 143 lb. I've I've weighed as much as 232 lb, and I've weighed as little on this journey as 138 lb. It's just been a constant battle, constant struggle for my whole life. I've done Weight Watchers, Jenny Craig, Nutrisystem, the 17-day diet, keto, carb addicts diet, Hollywood diet, cabbage soup diet. You name it, I've probably tried it. In addition, I've always been told, you just need to diet and exercise. So, I thought, well, if I could exercise more, maybe that would do it. And in that quest, I've done kickboxing, Pilates, yoga, running. I've done two half marathons, swimming. I've done two sprint triathlons. I've done cardio dance. I've done CrossFit. I've done it just about any exercise that you can name, right? So, if I could have exercised it off, if I could have dieted and exercised it off, I would have done that years ago. It wasn't for lack of trying. It wasn't for lack of anything, except I I have the disease of obesity. Obesity is a disease. It's not your fault. Did you know that? Let's get to the questions, Christopher. So, question number one, this comes from a number of viewers. I've kind of created one mega question out of it, which is, I've seen a lot of people talking about weight loss, celebrities. I have a friend who lost 50 lb, 100 lb, and maybe seemed to work pretty well for her, and she'd never had a an opportunity. Why does it suddenly feel like everyone has a solution except me? So, what is it the solution? Is there a solution for you? Absolutely, there's a solution for you. And we'll kind of start at the highest levels. There is a new breed of medication that most people will kind of cluster into this bucket called a GLP-1, which means nothing to anybody, right? So, it's it's an amalgam of letters. I'll we'll Yeah, we'll walk through what what each of the medications are in a little while, but think of them as basically a class of drugs that are are meant to treat obesity. So, they're obesity management medications. They They're There's a lot of people trying to call them OMMs now. I don't know. It doesn't seem catchy to me, but it is what it is. The difference though is there are now medications that actually work, whereas 5 years ago, 10 years ago, 20 years ago, it was spells and potions, and and it gave you diarrhea, and it didn't work. It just didn't. Yeah, I remember the '70s, my mom took Dexatrim, right? This isn't like that. This is a new medical prescription medication for the treatment of obesity. So, you may have heard of Ozempic, Wegovy, Manjaro, and Zepbound. So, those are the brand name medications that are out there right now. And so, we'll dive a little bit deeper into those in a minute. But that's the high level of, yes, there are medications. Yes, this is a medical treatment. Your doctor can prescribe them, and yes, there is Which kind of leads into question number two, which is, I'm 100 lb overweight and scared. I do not recognize myself anymore. Is it already too late for me? Wow, that's so sad, right? Yes, there is hope. No, it's not too late. The great thing about these medications is we have seen so many people lose 100 lb or more. I think back to my old Weight Watchers days, and it was rare to see someone hit that 100 lb mark. It really was. And now, through our series, The Downsize Dish, we've talked to over 100 people about their weight loss with these medications, and there are multiple, multiple people that have lost 100 lb, 200 lb. Jamie Seltzer's lost 300 plus pounds. I forget his current total. >> It's 350. Yeah. But it's just these These drugs can give amazing results. Now, it's not an overnight success kind of thing. It's going to take some time, and the weight loss is going to be a half a pound to 2 lb a week, but steady. Yes, there definitely is hope for you. So, I would definitely start with your doctor. So, the first couple of questions kind of fall under this broad category of curiosity and skepticism. Right. >> Which is kind of where we all are, Well, where we were. >> It's the Is this really going to work? >> Ooh, it's the How did she do it? Or, ooh, are they just Is it Are they just trying to trick me? >> Are they Am I just going to lose a bunch of money, like I have on multiple products throughout my life, really? Number three then kind of goes in that bucket as well. I've failed at this my whole life. I've started over more times than I can count. Why should I believe this time will be different? I started over so many times. I started over on Weight Watchers so many more times than I could count. I would start and quit. I'd start and quit. Start and quit. So, I get it. Like, you've started a million things. They never worked, or they worked for a short time, and now here we are again, trying to start something else. With with this medication, you're going to start this, and for most people, this will be the last time you ever lose weight. Like, I'm like, what? Like, really? Like, what? Yeah, I mean, I can't tell you I can't really even put into words how freeing this journey has been for me. I have always been tied of thoughts of food, weighing myself every day, weighing and measuring and tracking everything I put into my mouth. And now with these medications, I've kind of broken free from a lot of those things that kind of held me, right? It's just a It's just a such a freeing feeling to not have food noise, to not be worried about every single little thing. And this is where we bring in the key difference here is all of those other things were diets. This is not a diet. This is the medical treatment for the disease of obesity. Lorraine says it all the time, obesity is a disease. It's backed up by the AMA, the WHO, the NIH. Every major medical organization around the world says obesity is a disease. And what that means to you is that the resources and the science back it up. And that >> science you can have the tools from medicine to help treat the disease for you. So, it's not just you trying to muscle through. It's you working with your doctor, building a plan, combining it with healthier eating, healthier lifestyle, and building out a plan that is actually successful. It's very different than a diet. Although people always ask about tips and tricks and how can I do this and it's really Yeah, it's really not about tips and tricks. It's about following the medicine and living living really a healthier life. So, it's it's it's exciting, but it is a very different approach. And it gets to question number four, which this is something that I don't even know that I knew existed, but the question goes, "Food's in my head all day. I plan meals while I'm eating meals. I feel trapped in my own brain. Is that normal or is something broken in me?" You have the disease of obesity. That's me. That's me. I would be eating lunch and writing down what I ate and then thinking about what I was going to eat for dinner and maybe I'd go ahead and write that down, too. And then after I done done doing that, well, what am I going to have for a snack or what's in the pantry? Like just that constant commentary of what am I going to eat next and what's available for me to eat was always running through my brain. Always. When I was working, when I was on vacation, when I was like every single thing for me always revolved around food. So, what these medications do is they just quiet that noise. And once that food noise goes away, I have room to think about other things. I have I have better focus for my work. I have better focus with my husband, with my children. I can be fully present where before I was always, no matter what was going on, I was thinking about what am I going to eat for dinner? Like what's in the house to eat? Like should I be eating something right now? How many calories have I eaten today? Like I was always consumed with this with this food noise. So, these I was so glad when that turned off. So, yes, it's called food noise. It's a real medical scientific thing. It is your body telling you to survive. And so, biologically, there are some people out there whose bodies they eat food, they digest food, they go on about their day and they don't think about food again until they need to eat or until they're actually hungry. Food noise a whole is a whole separate thing above it. It is an intrusive thought that is forcing you to survive the nuclear winter because it never turns off. Your body never says, "I'm full." Your body never says, "You're safe. It's okay." It says, "Store, store, store." Eat. Eat. >> Eat. Eat. Eat. And what these medications can do is quiet that. They can give you the agency over that biological imperative because your body's just not working the same way. And conversely, the person whose body does stop with that, they're actually not doing it with willpower, either. Their body's helping them. >> That's how their body works, right? And that's why it was never a question of willpower. You can't overcome your body's biology, right? So, people who do not have the disease of obesity don't have those constant thoughts of food and they eat when they're hungry. What a concept, right? Like I thought about food all the time, not just when I was hungry. That's where it's so hard to explain this to someone who does not have the disease of obesity. And that's where we get so many of those comments and those it's very hard to explain to someone who's never had this. Maybe share this video with a friend if they're saying, "Well, I don't I just don't understand what you mean. I don't understand what you what you mean when you say you have to eat all the time." We were in Washington, D.C. earlier last year now. We saw a doctor, Dr. Kushner, talk about obesity. And his quote, and I won't get it right, Lorraine, maybe you'll get it, is >> Overeating. Thank you. Overeating doesn't cause obesity. Obesity causes overeating. Let me say that again. Obesity causes overeating. You have obesity. It is driving you to overeat. You didn't do this to yourself. You didn't choose this. This is how your body is. This is how your body works, right? And it it's it's a it's a chronic progressive disease, this disease of obesity. It's not your fault. It's powerful, isn't it? You have to stop and sit in that for a second. I mean, when when he said that, we were at a conference and we heard Dr. Robert Kushner say that, and I think all of our brains just went Like it was a mind-blowing revelation. Like I've I've been saying and repeating that obesity is a disease, but to know that I didn't do this to myself by overeating. It was my body's biological drive caused by obesity that that led me to be overweight or have obesity. It's it was just a revolutionary thought. Thank you. Thank you, Dr. Kushner, for that for that. What I would tell you is that thought and obesity being a disease does not absolve us of personal responsibility. We can still help ourselves and we can definitely hurt ourselves. Mhm. >> Right? It's very possible. I certainly know in my 20s I did things that were detrimental to myself, but it's very possible that we can hurt ourselves. So, we still have to make good decisions, but when we combine those good decisions with the medical tools to treat the disease, there's hope. Which kind of leads into the next question, question number five. Why does my body fight me every single time I try to lose weight, even when I'm trying harder than everyone around me? I can so relate to that. That's what I would try so hard, right? I'd eat so few calories. I would I would eat I went on one diet one time that was a I think 500 calories a day, 800 calories a day. I was eating lettuce and a couple of bites of protein, like very low calorie diets, like really, what do I have to do to get this under control? And I wouldn't I wouldn't lose any weight. I'd lose a pound, gain a pound, lose a pound, gain a pound. It was so frustrating. Like what do I have to do? Why is my body fighting me? Why is it so easy for some people to diet and exercise, but when I try it, I can't get anywhere and it's so hard. And it's it's again the disease of obesity, right? So, these medications really make it possible to quiet the food noise in your head. It slows your stomach's emptying process. It slows your digestion, so you feel fuller longer. You finally get that full signal in your brain. I never got a signal that I was full, like ever. Like maybe on Thanksgiving I would be full after stuffing myself after plate after plate after plate. And now I get a full signal really like with a what I consider now a normal portion of food, a smaller portion of food. I can be really satisfied and full with a small portion. And that's such a different experience than I had before of just never being full and always wanting more, more, more. So, I think when we saw the Oprah special 2 years ago, one of the things she said or one of her guests said was she could always diet and lose 20 lb, 40 lb, what have you, and I'm paraphrasing, but it was like holding your breath and eventually you had to come up for air. Holding your breath underwater. Yeah, I think that's I think Oprah had said that in that special. Oprah's got a new book coming out, which I'm very excited to read. It's currently available for pre-order. It's on our Amazon store. If you want to go to the downsize.org and click store, you can also pre-order it. But yeah, she says trying to diet and exercise for her was like trying to hold her breath under water. She could do it for a short time, but, you know, I can I can do it for I could lose 20 lb, 30 lb. It would take me some time. I could do it, but then eventually my body's biological signals overrode that and I rebounded and wanted to eat even more and I had to come up for air and then I gained all that weight back and then I'd quit Weight Watchers and then I'd join it back and then I'd So, I think a lot of people can relate to that. You try so, so hard and you're think you're doing, you know, all the things and you are doing all the things and your body just fights you and it's so frustrating. And now for the first time with these medications, it's not easy, but it's it your body's working like it's supposed to. It's possible. It's possible. Number six, everyone keeps saying GLP-1. What does that even mean and what are these medications actually doing inside of my body? Glucagon-like peptide 1. Right. Which what does that mean? Well, what that means is about 30, almost 40 years ago at this point, there was a group of scientists who discovered that there was this hormone essentially in your body, in your stomach, that signaled to your brain and it said, "I'm full." Oversimplification, not a scientist, not a doctor. And for the longest time they didn't even really know what to do with that. They just thought it was cool and if they could ever figure out how to help it stay full longer, then maybe there was potential. We actually saw Dr. Lotte Knudson, who was one of the discoverers of GLP-1s, talk about her discovery in Atlanta at Obesity Week when we went this year. Fascinating lady, worked for Novo Nordisk, still does. And talk about the kind of stops and starts and they tried adapting the original, that GLP-1 that's in your body, right? And adapting that natural one to make it last longer because the way a GLP-1 works is you eat some food, your body generates the GLP-1 and it and a couple of minutes later it stop the GLP-1 stops working. Yeah, the GLP-1 says, "I'm full." Then it stops working. They're like, "Well, if we could extend that out, maybe we could make you feel full longer." They could never figure out a way to make the natural one extended out longer and she talked about this whole process of the development. The scientists around the world working on it to where eventually they created a medication, a drug and people like say, "It's not a drug." It is actually a drug by FDA standards because it's not the natural GLP-1 peptide that's in your body. They didn't take that out, right? That's not what they did. They created a a medication that mimics that, sort of behaves like that, but it extends the half-life out to 5 days. So, you do the injection and these by and large are injections. We'll talk about some of the other ones later. You do the injection that first day and it goes into your body and it gradually diminishes over the course of 5 days until the fifth day, these are averages, when it gets to about half strength. And then it goes down a little bit more. Seventh day you take another shot and it goes back up and over the course of your first four doses it kind of builds up in it. And it's that medication that helps you stay full longer, that helps your brain quiet. So, it's a whole class of medications and they've since added some other medications. We'll talk about it in just a minute when we go into some of the details on the actual individual drugs. But, it's very, very cool. It's science. Question seven gets us into the drugs. There are so many names, Wegovy, Zepbound, Mounjaro, Ozempic. Now the news is saying there's an oral Wegovy and they're talking about orforglipron. How do I make sense of all this? What do they all mean? What does it all mean? It means there is hope and that you're going to find something that works for you, right? It's very exciting to have this oral Wegovy becoming available very soon. I don't think it's available today on January 1st when we're I think it'll be available on the 5th. >> On the 5th, okay. So, hopefully by the time you watch this, you'll be able to talk to your doctor and get a prescription for it. These injections, these GLP-1 medications, work very well for the vast majority of people. When we started 2 years ago, a little over 2 years ago, it was an injection, much like anybody who's on it today watching today is probably taking an injection, a once-a-week injection. And now they've developed a pill form where you can take that pill, oral Wegovy, once a day and lose weight. Like, how amazing is that? Like, if you'd have told me 2 years ago, "Oh, take this pill and you could lose maybe 10 or 15% of your body weight." Well, sign me up. Like, what have I got to do? Like, the starting price of this is $149. Well, I was paying $40 a month to Weight Watchers. $40 a month to Weight Watchers for the for that whole struggle bus. And so, now if you're telling me there's something now that actually works, yeah, I'd I'd jump on that in a in a heartbeat. Well, but so let's back up a little bit because let's let's start really essentially today there are two medications that are modern obesity medications that are effective and successful. There is semaglutide, which is the active pharmaceutical ingredient and semaglutide is branded as Ozempic or Wegovy. Ozempic is semaglutide. This is These are both owned by Novo Nordisk. Ozempic is semaglutide. The FDA recommendation for that is typically around type 2 diabetes. So, if you have type 2 diabetes, very often your insurance will cover it. The same semaglutide is also branded, owned by Novo Nordisk, same injection as Wegovy and that has indications from from FDA approval for the treatment of weight loss or obesity, as well as some cardiovascular benefits and some other things. But, that is a single action. That is a glucagon-like peptide 1. So, a GLP-1. That's the true thing. And it works pretty well. Typically your weight loss is going to be somewhere between 13 and 17% on average. We have seen many, many people successful with it. We have seen people far exceed that number. There is a few older ones that we won't discuss today, but that don't work quite as well, but we'll talk about the big ones for right now. The one that then came out is called tirzepatide and tirzepatide is owned by the company Eli Lilly and just like semaglutide, where there's two of those, there are two tirzepatides in the United States. There is Mounjaro, which is for the treatment of type 2 diabetes as well. And then there is Zepbound, which is for the treatment of weight loss, the treatment of the disease of obesity, sleep apnea and and a few other comorbidities. They both come in injection pens and up until very recently really injections have been the way to do it. So, as Lorraine talked about, the orals are coming and they're they're not quite here, but most people have done and been successful with injections. Tirzepatide, which is the active ingredient, has a slightly higher weight loss average from the clinical trials of 18 to 20%. I've personally taken tirzepatide. That's what Lorraine and I have both taken. So, I've taken Zepbound, Mounjaro and my weight loss has been right at 38% of my body weight. So, I started at 286.4 lb. I'm 57 years old, 5 ft 10 and 1/2. Today I weigh 186. So, right there at 38%. So, you can just because there's a trial number doesn't mean it magically stops. There are many people who exceed that. But, those are the two ones that have existed. As Lorraine talked about, Wegovy is semaglutide, which is the same medication that's in the injectables for Ozempic and Wegovy, but it will now be in a pill form and it's an everyday pill. Right. When we started and even now today, we tried to get these medications covered through our insurance and we found out that our insurance does not cover any obesity medications. So, these drugs were very, very expensive for us. So, I started exploring other options and I found found a telehealth company called Mochi Health. I see a online telehealth doctor through Mochi and I buy from them compounded tirzepatide, which is the same ingredient as is in Mounjaro and Zepbound. They make it at a compounding pharmacy and it ships directly to my door. My link and code are in the description if you'd like to learn more about that. So, to give you a bit more on tirzepatide, what makes tirzepatide different from semaglutide? So, semaglutide, if you remember, had one action. It was a GLP-1, that glucagon-like peptide 1. Tirzepatide has two actions. The GLP-1, just like it is the same thing that's in semaglutide, but it also has what's called a GIP, which is a glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide. That sounds complicated, doesn't it? Essentially what it does though is it's that piece that quiets the things in your brain. So where the GLP-1 is basically a blunt hammer that's saying you're full, stop eating. Slows down that digestion. >> Slows down your digestion and it does it all down here. The GIP is working up here and it's quieting all of that noise. So the two things cause slightly better weight loss. They also cause slightly fewer side effects and we'll talk about side effects in more detail in a minute. Those are the two options. Coming up we'll also have another GLP-1 pill from Eli Lilly probably by mid-year called orforglipron. So there's more options coming out. More options is always better, right? Question number eight. What does it feel like when the medication starts working? Is there a moment when you finally breathe again? A lot of people ask me that. Like when was the moment that you stopped hearing the food noise? How soon did that happen for you? And honestly, I don't I don't even know because when we started this, we started September 29th of 2023, I really had never heard the name food noise. I didn't I mean I had it. I always had it. I but I didn't know like I wasn't supposed to have that. I had just always heard the call of food. So I guess at some point maybe in those first 90 days, at some point that quieted. And then I remember hearing somebody talking about food noise on social media and I was like oh yeah, I used to have that and I don't have that anymore. And it had just very slowly gone away and it was very freeing to recognize that I was no longer being driven by my body to search out food all the time. Once you for me and I've told this story many times I cook and I cook every meal. If we don't go out to eat I'm cooking. And I like to cook so it's not a big deal for me but every day my lovely wife would become a bit frantic around dinner time if she didn't know what I was planning or didn't know what was going to happen. >> What's for dinner? It's I'm hungry. Where What are we going to eat? What are we going to eat? I have to eat right now. Right. So probably I don't know. Maybe I don't think it was till after the second dose. The second month? No, the second dose. The second shot. Yeah, the second shot. My office is upstairs. Lorraine's office is downstairs and about 5:30 I came downstairs wrapped up what I was doing and came downstairs and and Lorraine looked for me and said, "Well, what's for dinner?" Not frantic, not scrambling to find snacks, not a little hangry or a lot angry in some cases but just curious. And I said I haven't even thought about it. And I'm like, "All right." Which is mind-blowing because my mind and there's videos you can go back and watch of me talking about food noise cuz my mind prior to these medications was completely consumed with food. And it wasn't just what am I going to eat? It was everything around food. It was food culture, it was restaurants, it was chefs, it was recipes, it was everything. Every day. >> to watch Food Network and cooking shows constantly and I just I could I could not watch those with him because they would make me want to eat food. Like I was thinking about food all the time anyway so to watch it on TV was like this is just torture for me. But you just you liked watching them because you liked figuring out what to cook next. >> I still do like them but not as much as I used to. But yeah, I mean that moment when I could say I hadn't thought about it and it was actually true. It's like the light bulb went off. It was like, "Holy cow." I've been actually working productively and not obsessing over crap. Next question. Everyone online loses weight so fast. What is realistic? What can I expect so I do not hate myself if I'm slow? This is not fast weight loss, okay? This is you're going on a lifelong journey and then that might even sound kind of overwhelming but you know, you're you can expect to lose a half a pound to 1 pound up to 2 pounds per week. If you're a little heavier than that, if you're 300 pounds maybe you can lose up to 3 pounds a week. But it's about 1% of your body weight per week is what you can expect to lose on average. I went on the cabbage soup diet with my mom and my sister in 1986 and we all lost 10 pounds in a week. Well, the next week we gained it all back. But this this isn't that kind of fast weight loss. Like this is steady, progressive weight loss that you can really look to weekly or on a monthly basis kind of trending down in the right direction. A lot of people on the internet like to shout, "I lost 30 pounds in a month." Well clear through that noise and just level set your expectations because my average was 1.58 pounds a week. I think Christopher, what was your average? >> 1.338. We were not fast weight We didn't have fast weight loss but we had I've lost weight and I've kept it off now. I've been in maintenance for a year and a half. So that in itself was just something I thought I could never achieve. You know, with give it time. It might take you a year or 2 years. But who cares? That time's going to go by anyway. So just kind of give yourself Give yourself the time to do let your body adjust as it needs to adjust. So basically it took me about 15 months to lose 100 pounds. But it's possible depending on your genetics, your health, how you eat. There's there's a lot of factors there in a year you could be down 52 pounds, you could be down 110 pounds or anywhere in between. So what would your life be like a year from now if you were down 50 pounds? What would it be like if you were down 100 pounds? And when we started I I've always Every time I started something new, a new diet, a new program or whatever, I've calculated, "Okay, I'm starting today on this date. If I lose 2 pounds a week times this many weeks, I'm going to be at my goal by next date." And so I'd always focus on that date, right? And I even did that with this. I'm sorry. I'm brainwashed by diet culture. So I did have those target dates in mind but I kind of exceeded my own expectations. I didn't lose 2 pounds a week but I would lose 1 pound or 2 pounds or it would be a slow and steady kind of weight loss and I had just really never had that before. So it was just different. It was different than anything I'd ever done before. Had to let Jojo in. Jojo's our cat. Yeah, I mean it's it This is a marathon, it's not a sprint and it's I hate sports analogies. I'm not a sports guy but I mean the truth of the matter is you are not rushing to get anywhere. Well, I was rushing but >> Well, but you're really not and you shouldn't be. >> you You can you can try to rush it but you know, you can't really control what your body's going to release. >> Number 10. Things I'm afraid of. I'm terrified of needles and I read horror stories about side effects. Am I signing up to feel sick all the time? So let's do needles first. Oh my gosh. I I didn't want to take shot. I was terrified. I don't like shots. I don't like giving a flu shot. I don't like giving blood. I've had three children. You'd think I'd be over it. I'm not. I really was terrified and that was kind of we ordered the medication and it came and it sat in the refrigerator for about a week and I just I was I I just I was like I just don't think I could do it. And I've ordered other things on the internet before, other diet things and they've sat in the cabinet and I never used them cuz I was afraid to use them. And I kind of was like, "Oh, this is I just spent a lot of money on this and I'm I've just I've wasted my money." And Christopher, you know, we were doing this together and he said "No, we're we're doing this. We're starting right now." And I'm like, "Well, you're going to have to give me the shot. I can't I can't do it. I can't look at it. I can't I I'm I just couldn't do it. So Christopher gave me my first couple months. >> Yeah. Couple months. It's marginally terrifying. You don't want to hurt your spouse. And really now 2 years in the shot's not a big deal. It's a very very very thin needle. Right. Most of the time you do not even feel it. I mean It's not It's It's so tiny. It's so tiny. But it's the first couple times it takes a little bit of getting used to but it's not anything you can't overcome. And what I'll tell you is with oral Wegovy coming out So in the next week and then orforglipron following a few months after that, if you just can't bring yourself to do the shot, there are options coming that you'll be able to to get on these medications and and help yourself. If it were up to me, I'd go ahead and start on the shot right now. Well, after I saw the results and I saw it working, I'm like, "All right, I I got to figure out how to do this myself. I can do this. I've watched Christopher do it. I've watched him do it for me, like I have to figure this out. So, I did and now I've given myself over 100 shots and I give myself my shot every week and it's I still sometimes get not stressed out over it, but it's not nothing either. I make sure I wash my hands. I make sure we're in we're at the kitchen table. I've got my supplies out. I want to read the instructions and go through all the steps, right? Because it's it's an injection. It's it's a it's a prescription medicine. Like you need to make sure you're following all the all the steps, all the rules, all the best practices, but it's if I can do it, you can do it. It's not that bad. You can do it. Side effects horror stories. There are certainly a lot of I mean, if you read Facebook, Reddit, Instagram, whatever, there's people out there I had gastroparesis, I had all I had all these things. So, side effects are a very real thing and we don't ever want to downplay that. So, make sure you talk to your doctor about the side effects. They should do a complete medical history on you. They should do blood work. They should know everything cuz there are potential things that it can be a problem. I have personally had very very minimal side effects. So, I personally had a little bit of constipation, but not even such that I've ever had to do anything about it. It was just slowed down a little bit. I get very cold on occasion. I've had dry mouth. I've had what's called allodynia, which is a skin sensitivity. Kind of feels I don't know, almost like a skin sunburn. Again, none of those are so bad that I ever considered for even one moment stopping. They were just things you manage to, but we see any given side effect happens according to the clinical research in about 20 to 30% of people. Not all the side effects, but any given side effect. And of that, very few actually stop taking medication because of the side effects. What side effects have you had? At the beginning, I was very fatigued, like tired, like I would take a shower and get out of shower and be like, I got to lay down cuz that just wore me out. Like and really the only thing I found to help with the fatigue was just rest. We take our shot on Friday, that way Saturday and Sunday we can rest if we need to rest. We're not working as much on those days. As much Well, pretty much working every day. But as much Also, I felt slightly nauseous. I chewed Tums throughout all three pregnancies, so I had Tums on hand and those helped somewhat. My my biggest side effect has been constipation and I think looking back through my life, I think I've always had a problem with constipation. I just never realized it or managed it or knew that I did. You know what I mean? So, this medication slowed things down, slowed digestion down a lot and I realized I had to I had to manage it. So, you know, I eat fruits and vegetables. I take a fiber gummy supplement. I use a product called MagO7 when I need to really flush things out if it gets to that point. I really have to stay on top of it and I think that's I've just learned that about my body and that's something I never thought about before GLP-1s. I've had some colonoscopies and I do have a different kind of digestion layout, which I just never knew. But it's it's very manageable. I never had the throwing up or the extreme nausea. So, yes, there are side effects. You should Yes, you should talk to your doctor about it. Yes, they are manageable by working with your doctor or over-the-counter remedies. Stay in front of it. Don't let it get behind you. Basically, what happens with these drugs is they slow your digestion and that slowed digestion can cause issues. If you don't manage it, it can cause what people call sulfur burps. Basically, it takes it's in there longer, so it kind of percolates and it can come back up a little bit. Causes constipation. It can cause nausea, those sorts of things. They're all manageable. Absolutely all manageable. Thank you for watching the first episode of our two-part series on the top 20 questions about GLP-1s. If you haven't already, please take a moment to like and subscribe. It ensures that you're alerted every time we make a video and you can be a part of our downsized community. My name is Christopher Durham and we are the downsized. [Music]

- Why GLP-1 Results Don’t Show Up Right Away: Kind: captions Language: en If you've recently started your GLP-1 journey, you've probably asked yourself this question. When am I going to start [music] to see a difference? And that's completely normal. Most people expect to see the scale move right away. But the truth is, the real transformation starts [music] inside long before it shows outside. Hi everyone, I'm Yvana, one of the patient care coordinators here at Regenics. So, what's actually happening first? [music] When you begin a GLP1, your body goes through several powerful internal changes, and these [music] are what set the stage for fat loss. Here's what's really happening in those first few weeks. [music] Number one, your insulin sensitivity is improving. That means your body is learning to use energy more efficiently again, burning stored fat instead of constantly storing it. Number two, your gut health is stabilizing. The slower digestion you might notice isn't a bad thing. It's giving your body more time to absorb nutrients and balance blood sugar. Number three, your appetite hormones are rebalancing. Those cravings and that constant food noise begins to quiet down. And for many patients, this is one of the first major signs it's working. Number four, your inflammation starts to drop. This is often when people say, "My face looks less puffy." Or, "My rings can finally fit again." That's metabolic healing at work. So, even if the scale hasn't changed yet, your body is changing. The timeline. What to expect. Everyone's timeline is a little different. Some people see results at the starting dose. Others don't notice visible changes until they titrate up a few times. [music] At Regenics, we tell patients, consistency beats speed. Your dosage, your metabolism, your starting point. All of these shape your unique timeline. And remember [music] this, weight loss is a side effect, not the goal. The goal is restoring your metabolic health so that your body can finally do what it's designed to do. Burn fat efficiently, maintain energy, and stabilize appetite when others will start to notice. A lot of our patients say, "I feel the difference before I see it [music] and before anyone else notices." And that's exactly how it works. You'll notice better energy, clearer skin, fewer cravings, and more confidence long before someone says, "Hey, have you lost weight?" Here's the key. Don't wait for outside validation. The mirror will catch up, but how you feel is your first real win. Starting your GLP1 is step one. Step two, getting your nutrition right. We put together a free guide, 10 foods to supercharge your GLP-1 results to help you achieve the best outcome possible on your GLP1 weight loss journey. [music] Download it now through the link in the description. At Regenics, we track your progress from the inside out through blood work, inbody scans, and ongoing patient support. So, you can see the changes that most people can't see yet because your body is healing, recalibrating, and getting stronger every single day you stay consistent. So, be patient, stay the course, and when the moment comes, when the results finally show up, you'll know it was worth it. If you're just starting your GLP1 journey and want more guidance on what to expect week by week, book your Regenics consult today. We'll help you personalize your plan, track your results, and make sure you're optimizing every step of your health journey. I'm Ivana from Regenics.

- Week 18, 19, 20 GLP-1 Zepbound Check In!: Kind: captions Language: en hey what's going on guys it's Jason back with another check-in update on my tepati now Zep bound Journey last I talked to you was week 17 and it's now week 20 so I got a little catching up to do just been busy over the weekends had some stuff going on kind of just get out of the groove and don't make a video but we're back things have been going well I think on my week 177 video was my first dose of actual Zep bound in the pin form instead of doing compound things like that so far since I've been doing the pins I've pretty much had you know basically zero side effects no nausea maybe in that first week I think I I can't remember back what I did two days ago most of the time compared to three or four weeks ago but not much nausea nothing like that um no diarrhea no constipation no sulfur burps which I hear people talk about all the time nothing like that so week 17 I was 24.9 week 18 I weighed in at 23.8 for a 1.1 lb loss which is pretty average for me if I look at my app I've been losing I think right now I'm at9 lbs every week which slow and steady I guess so week 18 I went from 23.8 to week 19 where I weighed in a 22.9 for a 0.9 lb weight loss still right at that average so you know chugging along so last week right at week 19 maybe before that just before that talked to my doctor told her that you know I was feeling a little hungrier and things like that so we thought hey let's go ahead and up the dose so my next set of pins will be 7.5 and I really thought I needed that increase because you know week 19 or so I did feel a little hungrier kind of thought man I need to get this going maybe go a little faster get the weight down because insurance is paying for it I don't want to keep you know pushing my luck I don't know how long it's going to last or anything like that so decided to go up to 7.5 which will be in my next shot well this last week from 19 to 20 I didn't really feel much hunger which was different from the weeks before I did make sure I drank all my water like I need to plenty of protein this last week I did lots of working out from you know 19 to 20 did some circuits some eoms had my daughter out working out with me it was a really good week and I lost 2.3 lbs week 20 so I went from 22.9 to 250.66 like you know week one and two which was pretty cool pretty happy about that so close to being under 250 into the 249s that's really exciting hopefully it happens this you know coming week at week 21 so since I am going up to 7. .5 I did take my 5 MGR shot and then I had some compound left over so I went ahead and did 1.5 Mig of that so now that's gone so I did do a total of 6 and 1 12 milligrams on week 20 of my shot last Thursday here and here and I did that just in hopes that you know instead of jumping up 2.5 Mig trying to make sure I don't have any side effects but since it's been a couple days since I did my six and a half and I haven't had any side effects at all I will say the one thing I like about how I'm doing this is I can always still eat pretty much like I get full and I could eat past set if I wanted but I'm really trying to not do that anymore like kind of learn is like when I'm getting full that's when you stop eating so for the last couple weeks I've done intermittent fasting I usually eat and then I finish eating between 6:00 and 700 and I don't eat again until 2:30 to 3: just depending after I get home from work which I've really been liking that cuz you know you can't just eat a ton of food in a 4-Hour period I guess I'm fasting close to 19 to 20 hours not 16 or so which I like doing that and I do think coming up next week I'm going to start fasting even longer I have done longer fast 24 48 and right around the 70 hour mark would like to get back into doing that stuff I think it's good for you I like the I want the autophagy that's really good I always in my head I start doing these videos on the like I got plenty of stuff to talk about and then I get here and started talking and I feel like I just I just ramble so quick recap my last video was week 17 where I weighed in at 24.9 and since then week 18 I lost 1.1 lbs to 23.8 week 19 I went down to 22.9 for a 0.9 lb weight loss and then week 20 which was just last Thursday I weighed in at 25.6 for a 2.3 lb weight loss total of 18.9 lb from when I started my starting weight was 269.50 and I just saw this I am 27% to my goal weight of I think it was 200 lb so I'll make sure I get back every week instead of skipping weeks um make sure you like subscribe and hey thank you for the comments uh I'll get make sure I get back to everyone I really like you know reading the comments about your your journey and things like that that's exciting and I like to hear that but make sure you hit the like subscribe and I'll see you next week bye

- Are GLP-1 Weight Loss Drugs Weakening Your Bones? [Doctor Explains]: Kind: captions Language: en so the glp1 drugs like oek or semaglutide tepati or munaro these drugs are so hot and there's so much talk about them especially in the weight loss space of course diabetes space Also in the longevity space but there's also been talk about these drugs for bone health and I want you to understand there's a lot of nuance here and I want to help translate some of these studies into the clinical data because what we've seen in our practice is not really consistent with what I'm seeing in the literature and I want to talk about the literature I want to talk about our clinical expertise because this is something that could really either boost or actually put a put the breakes on on your bone health Journey so stick around again we're going to go through the research we're going to talk about whether or not it shows that they help bones how they help bones and then what we've seen in our practice because we have not usually patients that we're prescribing it for but patients that are on these drugs as they go through our program and we've had enough of them now that I can share this with you okay before I get into the evidence before I get into the research if you are finding value in this channel do me a favor and click that subscribe button the more people that subscribe the more YouTube will push this out to people looking for bone health content so if you could help me help others and serve our mission to educate the world that osto process is reversible and preventable in the vast majority of people all you got to do is just click that subscribe button so these drugs moonaro tepati simag glutide OIC liuti on and on and on there are a bunch of them on the market they have all been shown to have differing impacts on weight loss insulin sensitivity inflammation reduction there's thoughts about all kinds of potential benefits cognitive benefits heart um uh heart risk uh heart attack risk heart disease development risk reduction Etc in the longevity space again people are talking about this like everybody should be on them but I want to review what the evidence is for bones specifically because if that's your primary goal we need to understand what this drug may be doing or what it may not be doing to your bones all right so as we get into the science I want to start with some of the basics because understanding the basics can help us to figure out how this could potentially work in humans how it could be helpful or how it may not be helpful so I pulled a couple of mouse models and so this first study here shows that in a what's called emoral defect model meaning they broke their bone but in a femoral defect model that these drugs independently helped to improve healing compared to Placebo so that's kind of cool the second study showed that the gp1s when given to a menopause induced mouse that the tricular bone improved actually the tricular bone itself improved on the glp1 drugs although not the cortical bone it's also over a very short window though so animal studies would suggest hey maybe there's something going on here that we should investigate in humans so then let's look at the human studies because I've actually got four of them for you so this first study is on healthy normal weight young adults and what they noticed is that when you gave these particip Pence the gp1s their CTX went down and we're going to talk about CTX P1 and P so just quick sidebar if you're not familiar with these things so CTX is becoming the standard osteoclast or bone breakdown biomarker to measure it's in all these studies which is great is released into the blood when your osteoclasts are working on breaking down bone so we can measure their function with CTX P1 and P is the buildup marker so this is released into the blood when your osteoblasts are laying down collagen to build up bone so osteoblasts P1 and P osteoclasts CTX okay so now in that last study what it suggested is that when you give normal weight healthy young adults gp1s their CTX goes down which is a good thing if you're looking for slowing down bone loss now they didn't measure P1 and P so we don't actually know what the comparison is to the Bone building side but at least it's talking about CTX okay so this study is on humans women in particular going through weight loss so this is a a study on 37 participants so you know it's small but it was they were follow up for 12 months so this is pretty cool so 12- month study they reduced their calorie intake by 12% with the goal of losing weight their primary outcome was changes in bone mineral content so not necessarily bone mineral density but BMC and again bone turnover markers CTX and P1 and P cool so what they noticed on the bone mineral content is that it went down in the control group so the people who didn't change their diet four times faster than those on the glp1 interesting they also noticed that P1 and P went up for those on the glp1 so bone building went up and CTX was unchanged so it's different than the last study right where CTX went down so CTX was unchanged P1 and P1 up and their bone mineral content was four times higher at the end of the study well not four times higher the loss was four times greater in the control better way of saying that so this study then would suggest that the gp1s could protect against bone loss while losing weight now if that were true that would be pretty cool but let's not jump to conclusions now this next study was a really short study and and what they did in this study is they used again humans and they had them go through an oral glucose tolerance test and if you're not familiar with what this test is it's when you consume a very specific amount of basically sugar water and you see what happens to your blood glucose but you can measure other stuff too like insulin usually or you can measure CTX and P1 and P like they did in this study which I think is interesting now they also infused them not necessarily with the drugs but with the glp1 hormone itself as well as Gip so this would be similar more to like tepati mojarro which is has both of those mechanisms but they were just straight up infusing these hormones which is a way to do it not commercially but it's a way to study it and so what they noticed is that if you compare the CTX and P1 andp to the control group to the group that had the glp1 hormone infused versus the Gip and glp hormone infused you could see dramatic differences now what's interesting is that the CTX dropped in every group significantly following the ogtt and I can't really explain why but what's interesting is that the glp and the g infusions made the CTX drop even more so again you can draw this conclusion to say well maybe in this scenario where glucose is rising and falling and then we're following it for a few days the gp1s or the GPS and GPS together are going to have a protective effect on bone because again CTX is a breakdown marker so it is slowing down it's putting the breakes on bone breakdown which is kind of interesting additionally they noted that P1 and P was unchanged so now we have three different human studies that all show something different when it comes to Bone turnover markers in the addition of G all right I've got one more study and it's the best one that I want to show you but before I get there if you're struggling to put together your own bone optimization program and you haven't been to our master class yet please come to our Master Class totally free we do it about every other week I run it myself and we talk about the common myths and misconceptions that we see for people that are coming into our program uh we will do that for about 30 to 45 minutes 30 to 40 minutes and then we'll do a Q&A for about 20 minutes so it takes about an hour I think it'll be a really good use of your time if you are trying to DIY bone health so link for that in the description on YouTube all right now this last study is interesting because it's a meta analysis of seven randomized control trials looking at bone turnover markers bone mineral density and gp1s I had no idea this there were this many studies on this topic but here's what's interesting the metaanalysis showed that there was no difference in bone mineral density to be fair though their inclusion criteria were was as low as four weeks of EXP osure so if a study lasted at least 4 weeks it could be included 4 weeks obviously is not long enough to change B Minal density with any type of intervention so um we don't know what would have happened over time but interesting here the CTX consistently went up with the addition of the gp1s which again is opposite of what we've already said the P1 and P was unchanged in these studies all right so the takeaway from the research here is that we have some studies showing that gp1s cause CTX to go up some say that it doesn't change at all some say that it goes down some say that it goes down a lot P1 and P is mostly either unchanged or goes up a little bit so when you look at that from a big picture perspective we have no idea we have no idea what happens and this is the challenge when you look at bench studies animal models you cannot guarantee that that what you see in those animal models or in at the cell level is going to then translate into clinical data clinically successful data I should say right that's why we have to to do clinical trials and we really need to do large scale clinical trials in order to really understand what's happening with these drugs for bone in the long term even in the short term like months really because let me tell you my experience clinically so we have not that many I can probably think of maybe 10 patients out of our current what we've served over 600 we have 300 active patients uh we probably have 10 that are on a glp1 or tepati the glp and Gip version and so what we've seen is that for the majority of these with one exception I can think of they they wanted to stay on the drug because they were people that had a history of obesity they'd gone on a weight loss Journey they wanted to stay on the drug fine so we built a program around that they're doing all the things right but what we've seen consistently is that those onp 1s are not growing bone their bone turnover markers don't look great they're not growing bone so now I have a much different language around around if someone wants to stay on these drugs or not I think there is a way to do it and I'll tell you about a patient I saw this week so she was uh this was her six Monon followup so we don't have repeat Imaging yet but all of her biomarkers look amazing but here's the difference so she's on a very low dose so if you think of the starting dose that 2 and a half milligram dose of tepati she's on an even lower dose than that it works great for her it just helps her she's lost a bunch of weight wants to keep it off so for her it just helps her with what she describes as the food noise helps her to not overeat and has really helped with her metabolic health so her her glucose her A1C her insulin levels all look great so she really wants to stay on this drug okay fine I told her my experience she said look I will track my protein and eat adequate protein I will do resistance training at least 3 days if not 5 days a week I will make sure I am getting enough calories I will make sure I'm getting great sleep I'll make make sure I'll monitor my stress on on on on on she is like this is provoking her to nail the program from a lifestyle perspective and she absolutely is and her B turnover markers look great her um uh all of her other bio markers look great so I think she's going to see Improvement in bone mineral density I do we won't know this for another several months but the glp 1s make it harder to eat adequate protein especially if you're on the traditional dosing right you dose it up as high as you can it's hard to eat protein in dietary fat if you can't get protein in if you can't get the building blocks of bone in you're not going to be able to build bone and you're not going to be able to protect your bone especially in the long term so my concern is is that for people that are on these drugs especially at a at a traditional dosing model it's going to be really hard to get adequate protein adequate nutrients we're going to see muscle loss we're going to see bone loss and I think we're going to see it pretty consistently so then what's the future of this well I think that there is a role where potentially these drugs could be effective at doing something biochemically at the bone level I don't really know what because of CTX and P1 and P are all over the place so I think we need better studies to understand at what dose do we see what effect so at what dose can we see a reduction in CTX hopefully at what dose could we potentially see an increase in P1 andp and at what drug tepati is going to probably respond differently than semaglutide so I look forward to seeing more research I would love to see research looking at the micro doing concept so again take tepati for example 2 and half milligrams is the commercial starting dose what if you started it at that or under that what if you had half that or a tenth of that if you go with these tiny tiny doses are you going to have that negative impact on protein consumption as you would at the commercial dose after you ramp it up remember that 15 milligrams is the max dose compared to that 2 and a half milligram starting dose for tepati so if you can use the lowest effective dose and adequate protein do resistance straining optimize hormones all the things could they have potential benefit what is that benefit over just doing those things alone we just don't know yet so new drugs are exciting I get it we would all love to have the the hero writing in on a white horse and they're going to rescue us and we're no longer going to have osteoporosis but the truth is nobody's coming to save you so that guy on the White Horse or that girl on the White Horse is not coming and this drug is not it so we have to do all the things things we have to build our own program we have to be advocates for oursel we have to do the things that we know are going to be helpful for our bones because remember that a diagnosis of osteoporosis isn't the end but a decision to reverse it is the beginning I'll see you in the next video

- Ep 20 - GLP-1s Aren't Just Weight Loss Drugs: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to Adding Years, your road map to longevity, [music] a playbook for living healthier and longer. I'm Josie. Along with being a certified personal trainer and longevity enthusiast, I am also a data and AI executive with four master's degrees, including one in AI from John's Hopkins. In each episode, I'll share simple technology and AI back strategies with practical steps that you can use to build your own longevity road map. I'm not a doctor or medical professional, so be sure to check with your physician before trying anything we discuss on the show. Am I? By the end of 2025, over 15 million Americans were using GLP once, not just for diabetes, but for weight management, cardiovascular protection, and increasingly for health span. But here's what almost nobody is tracking. muscle loss, metabolic rebound, and whether these drugs help you age well or age poorly. Because in 2025, health economists ran projections that looked like science fiction. If GLP1 news keeps expanding, US all cause mortality could drop by around 6%. And to put that in perspective, that's a larger impact than if we completely cured every form of kidney disease overnight. That's not a wellness trend. That's a public health event. So today I'm asking three questions. What evidence actually supports the idea that GLP1s might be longevity drugs, not just weight loss tools? How do you use GLP1 safely without sacrificing muscle metabolism or long-term vitality? And how can AI and biomarkers personalize GLP-1 use for different bodies goals and aging trajectories? By the end of this episode, you'll know what's hype, what's real, and what the next generation of GLP1s means for your future health span. If there's one topic that dominated health conversation in 2024 and 2025, it definitely was GLP1s. Not aging, not fitness, not sleep, GLP1s. These drugs didn't just enter the mainstream. They reshaped it. But here's the twist. Heading into 2026, the conversation is finally shifting from weight to health span because the more data we get, the more it becomes clear that GLP1s are touching systems far beyond appetite. Inflammation drops, cardiovascular markers improve, kidney outcomes improve, liver functions improve, even cognitive pathways like reward signaling and neuroinflammation show meaningful changes. And yes, some of these effects appear even when weight stays the same. That's why we need to talk about GLP1s not as a trend, not as a shortcut, and definitely not as a moral debate, but as one of the most important metabolic tools we've ever discovered. A tool that could help millions of people age more slowly, live more independently, and avoid diseases that erode quality of life before they shorten lifespan. But, and you know this was coming, GLP1s are also very complicated. They can improve health span or compromise it depending on how you use them. Your muscle, your metabolism, your protein intake, your training, your biomarkers, they all decide whether GLP1s become a longevity tool or just another unused prescription. So, before we go any further, here's the mindset shift for 2026. GLP1s aren't replacements for healthy habits. They are amplifiers of healthy habits. Used well, they reduce the metabolic noise that accelerates aging. Used poorly, they can accelerate frailty. So, let's break down the science, the safety, the personalization, and how to make GLP1s work for your longevity, not against it. All right, this is the part of the episode where we talk about what GLP1s really do inside the body. Not the headlines, not the Tik Tok simplifications, the actual 2025 science that made me say, "hm, this is bigger than weight loss." So, if you're new to the term GLP1, it stands for glucagon like peptide 1, a hormone your body already makes. Pharmaceutical versions mimic or amplify it. But here's what blew the doors off in the field in 2025. GLP1s are hitting multiple pathways that influence human aging, not just weight. And the deeper we go, the more interesting it gets. So, let's unpack this in four parts. Part one, metabolic signaling. For years, people thought GLP1s worked because they made you eat less. That's true, but that's the shallowest part of the pool. The 2025 multic-enter metabolic phenotyping study changed everything. Researchers discovered that GLP1 agonist increase metabolic flexibility, normalize insulin and glucagon rhythm dynamics, re-calibrate EMPK and mTor nutrient sensing pathways, reduce hippatic glucose output, and shift mitochondrial substrate preferences towards fatty acid oxidation. This is a system reset, not a diet drug. And one of my favorite pieces of 2025 data came from a team at Karolinska Institute. They showed trazepide users improved metabolic switching, the ability to shift from burning carbs to burning fat even without weight loss. So why does this matter for aging? It matters because impaired metabolic switching is one of the earliest signs of mitochondrial dysfunction, inflammation, insulin resistance, and accelerated epigenetic aging. GLP1s in a very real sense help the metabolism act like it's younger. And yes, that's not immortality, but it is meaningful. Part two is inflammaging. Aging scientists talk endlessly about inflammaging, the chronic low-grade inflammation that drains resilience and accelerates disease. In 2025, three major studies, one from Oxford, one from UCSF, one from Kyoto, found that GLP1 agonist cut IL6, a inflammation marker, by approximately 20 to 35%. lowered TNF alpha another inflammation marker by around 18% reduced CRP another inflammation marker even when weight is stable reversed inflammatory macrofase infiltration and visceral fat and improved atapose tissue cytoine signaling and here's the wild part these anti-inflammatory effects showed up within 10 to 14 days way before meaningful weight loss this is why the 2025 5 Kyoto paper called GLP1's metabolic anti-inflammatory regulators and inflammation is at the root of many things like Alzheimer's, atherosclerosis, psychopenia, cancer risk, insulin resistance, immune aging and even depression. So when I say GLP1s may function as longevity drugs, this is the mechanism that I'm talking about. They calm the internal noise that accelerates aging. Part three is the organ specific benefits. This is the part of the science I find most compelling because it shifts GLP1s from cosmetic weight drugs into whole body protective agents. Let's go organ by organ. So for the heart, two major 2025 cardio metabolic outcome trials showed approximately 25 to 30% reduction in major cardiovascular events and around 25 to 30% reduction in hospitalization for heart failure. There were measurable improvements in endothelioeno production and it lowered arterial stiffness which is a key for biological aging. And lastly, showed improved left ventricular remodeling. Nothing, and I mean nothing, drives lifespan more than cardiovascular health. And when cardiologists start using phrases like disease modifying, you definitely pay attention. For kidneys, a 2025 German data found slowed EGRF decline in diabetics and non-diabetics and lower renal inflammation. Kidney aging is one of the strongest predictors of mortality as well. So slowing kidney deterioration is definitely a massive win for the liver. A 2025 Cleveland Clinic trial found that GLP-1 agonist reduced liver fat by approximately 60%, reduce fibrosis markers, and lower the ALT significantly. Why does this matter? Well, because metabolic liver dysfunction accelerates systemic inflammation, hormonal dysregulation, cardiovascular disease, and mitochondrial dysfunction, improving liver health is longevity 101. And lastly, the brain, which I think is slightly underrated when it comes to GLP1s. 2025 gave us two major breakthroughs in brain aging and GLP1s. First was microal inflammation suppression. Think of micro gia as your brain's cleanup crew. When they're chronically activated, they damage surrounding neurons instead of protecting them. And second was improved insulin signaling in the hippocampus. And observational data from over 1.2 million patients in 2025 showed that GLP-1 users showed lower rates of cognitive decline in observational data even after adjusting for weight. I'm not claiming GLP-1 cures Alzheimer's, but they are clearly affecting brain resilience and that makes them at minimum neuroprotective candidates. And lastly, body composition. Some podcasts, I think, talk around this and we're not going to do that. And here's the truth. Rapid weight loss always risks muscle loss and GLP1s don't change that physiology. The 2025 Mayo Clinic body composition study was the wakeup call. On average, 25 to 35% of weight loss on GLP1s was lean mass. And the range was huge from 10 to 55%. And what does that mean? That some people maintained muscle beautifully while some unfortunately accelerated their aging. And there were three variables that the data pointed to that decided that huge gap. First was protein intake. People with higher protein intake lost far less muscle. Second was resistance training. This almost completely prevented psychopenic weight loss. And lastly was the V2 max maintenance. Cardiorespiratory fitness protected the mitochondrial function during rapid weight loss. So when people say GLP1s destroy muscle, that's not accurate. It's the under fueling, undertraining that destroy the muscle. The drug didn't change the physiology. It just magnified it. All right, I know that that was a lot of science, but here's why it really matters in the real world. These mechanisms don't mean anything if you don't have a strategy to preserve what matters most. And before we head into the real world application of what we just discussed, let me tell you where this is all heading. because the 2025 2026 pipeline makes this story even more exciting. Here are some of the most important compounds coming down the line. The first is retatrutide. 2025 data showed unprecedented body recomposition, drastic visceral fat reduction, stronger inflammatory improvements, and improved fatty acid oxidation. This drug doesn't just reduce caloric intake. It rewires metabolic pathways across multiple organs. Expect approval for this drug for 2026 or 2027. Second are AMOLIN and GLP-1 combinations. 2025 trials showed smoother appetite regulation, less nausea, and more stable metabolic effects. This might become the next WGOI class. And third are quad agonist with GLP1, GIP, glucagon, and amalin. Very early 2025 data suggests strong synergistic metabolic control, better organ protective effects, and possibly less muscle loss due to glucagon modulation. These are very early, but they're the compounds longevity researchers are watching. So, speaking of the future, here is the big question that we're trying to answer. Are GLP1s really longevity drugs? And here's what we know for now. They are not rejuvenation therapies. They don't reverse biological aging like reprogramming might someday and they are not lifespan extending in healthy weight individuals just yet. No data is really showing that. But in people with metabolic dysfunction, which is most adults, they do meaningfully reduce the biological drivers of aging. Summarizing what we've been talking about, GLP1s improve inflammation, insulin signaling, mitochondrial function, cardiovascular outcomes, kidney resilience, liver health, and cognitive risk profiles. GLP1s also then lower visceral fat, oxidative stress, fibrosis markers, microal activation, and organ aging burden. GLP-1s are not miracle drugs, but they are the first mass adopted medications to meaningfully influence the pace of age related decline indirectly but powerfully. They are leveling the playing field for millions of people locked in metabolic dysfunction. They are reducing disease risk in ways lifestyle alone often couldn't reach. When paired with resistance training and adequate protein, they do become a legitimate tool for extending health span. All right, my favorite part. Let's clear out the noise, unpack the misconceptions, and bust the myths that make GLP1s either wildly overhyped or unfairly dismissed. Because truth is nuance, and honestly, the nuance is the interesting part. Myth one, GLP1s melt muscle. We talked about this already, but the muscle loss is common, but muscle preservation is absolutely possible. The drug isn't the issue. It's the undereating and inactivity. Loss of appetite leading to reduced protein intake leading to inconsistent training is the recipe for lean mass loss. Myth two, GLP1s fix your metabolism permanently. The truth is that they do correct dysfunction while you're on them. If you stop the medication without new habits in place, metabolic drift often returns. Not because GLP1s failed, but because the underlying behaviors weren't rebuilt. Think of GLP1s as the scaffolding. You still have to build the house. Myth three, everyone should max the dose for best results. The truth is that high doses are often worse for aging goals because high doses correlate with excessive appetite suppression. difficulty eating enough protein, greater risk of lean mass loss, more GI issues, and faster weight loss than physiology can handle safely. Longevity dosing is the opposite of weight loss dosing. Start low, go slow, and stop early. Think about it this way. The best dose for you is the minimum dose that supports health, not the maximum one that crushes hunger. Myth four, GLP1s work the same for everyone. Well, body composition, age, training history, protein intake, baseline insulin, genetics, and even microbiome all influence response. This is why personalization matters. The best GLP-1 protocol is not a downloadable PDF. It's a tailored plan. And last, myth five, GLP1s are a shortcut. This is the big one. GLP1s aren't shortcuts. They're stabilizers. They create metabolic conditions that make long-term change more achievable. But the change still has to be built. There is no drug that replaces the fundamentals of exercise and nutrition because nothing else gives the same magnitude of benefit. GLP1s don't skip the work, but they do help you make the work more effective. So, here we are at the end of an episode that reflects one of the biggest shifts happening in longevity right now. What started as a diabetes drug then became a weight loss phenomenon is now stepping into a much more nuanced much more important role. A metabolic stability tool that can either support your health span or work against it if you don't use it wisely. So let's come back to the three big questions we started with. First, do GLP1s actually support longevity? Yes, but not by reversing aging directly, but by improving cardiomatabolic health, reducing inflammation, protecting organs, and helping you address metabolic risks that accelerate aging. Second, how do you use these medications safely? You use them slowly, intentionally, and with medical supervision. You pair them with protein, strength, steps, V2 work, and biomarker tracking because the medication isn't the strategy. You are. And third, how can AI personalize this? Well, AI is a bridge between your biomarkers, your habits, your dose, your training, and your long-term goals. It helps you see patterns you'd miss otherwise, catch risk early, and adjust your protocol month by month instead of just guessing. So, if you're on a GLP1 thinking about it or simply just want to know how these drugs fit into the broader story of human longevity, here's my final thought. The medication can shine a light on the path, but you still have to walk it. And before we close, one important reminder. GLP1s are prescription medications and they're powerful. So, if you're considering them, make sure you're working with a clinician. Medical supervision isn't optional. It's what keeps these tools safe, effective, and aligned with your long-term health. Thank you for spending your time with me today on Adding Years, your road map to longevity. If you found this episode helpful, please follow or subscribe on your favorite podcast platform and consider leaving a review. Before we wrap up, a quick but important reminder. Adding years is forformational and educational purposes only and is not a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment. Always consult your physician or qualified health care provider before making changes to your health regimen, supplements, or exercise routine. What you hear on this show reflects personal opinions, experiences, and not medical advice. I'm Josie and this is Adding Years. Until next time, here's to living better longer.

- GLP-1 Versus Surgery - Dr. Caroline Apovian: Kind: captions Language: en The idea of of utilizing obesity drugs to prevent other diseases came from this issue that we weren't getting FDA approval of obesity drugs. Let's say let's say it's going to it's it's actually going to treat, you know, high blood pressure and and cardiovascular disease and fatty liver disease. That's where this comes from. Okay. So, we've got to still get to the point that obesity is causing these things. And we're still so we we still we're basically those of us in the field are banging down the door saying, "Yes, this anti-obesity agent, yes, it's going to also uh cure mash. Hi everyone, welcome back to the [music] GLP1 podcast show. I'm your host Arisha Moyes and today I'm very pleased to be joined by Dr. Caroline Aobian. [music] So Dr. Caroline Povian is a professor of medicine at Harvard Medical School as well as the [music] co-director of the center of weight management and wellness in the divisions of endocrinology, diabetes, and hypertension at Bigham and Women's Health Hospital. For over 30 years, Dr. Apovian has held a position at the forefront of obesity and nutrition fields. She's one of the world's premier weight management experts and she's really distinguished herself as a leading researcher, healthcare provider, teacher, and New York Times bestselling author. So, it really is a privilege to have you here with with us today, Dr. Apovian. Do you want to give us a little bit of background on the work that you've been doing these past couple of years? >> Absolutely. First of all, uh thank you for inviting me on this podcast. Um excited to be talking to you today. my you know I I have been in the field of obesity medicine for 35 years and I'm one of the co-founders of the subsp specialty of obese obesity medicine. So, you know, I had a mentor named George Blackburn who did the first gastric bypass beriatric procedure in New England in 1973. And he was the he's called the father of nutrition in medicine. And uh I did my fellowship with him when I was at Harvard at the New England Deaconist Hospital where I did residency in medicine and then went into nutrition and metabolism for my fellowship. And so that was a while back. We we a few of us understood that the prevalence of obesity was increasing in this country and we were really wanting to know why. And so we realized with uh with a few discoveries that we can talk about that obesity is a disease. So I spent when I finished my fellowship I I started weight management programs on the east coast. I've started five and my latest one is at the Bighgam at Harvard where I'm co-director of the center for weight management and wellness. Last year, my team and I just on the medical end saw 16,000 patients for weight, obesity, and type two diabetes and other conditions. So, we're very busy. 42% of Americans have this disease and we need to really treat it. And now we have great medications and we're, you know, but we're just at the tip of the iceberg and we can talk about that. Wise Antetics turns podcast airtime into brand authority. We don't sell [music] ads, we elevate voices. Curious how far your voice can go to become a reference in the industry and attract more leads? Scan the QR code and discover how [music] we can turn your expertise into unmatched brand authority. Let's transform expertise [music] into influence starting now. >> Wow, amazing. We're really lucky to have, you know, an expert who's kind of seen it all. So, it's really nice to talk to you today. So, here we kind of like to hone in on the GLP aspect. I know obesity in itself, we could talk about that forever and ever and ever, but now we have these new options, these new drugs, which we haven't had in our toolbox. So, can you start off by giving us an overview of the current GLP1 treatment options that are available and how they kind of differ from one another? Um, we realized much later on that it uh it the GLP-1 has receptors all through the body and it works in the gut to delay gastric emptying and it works in the brain. So what we have right now is we have really three GLP1 medications for obesity. All right, there are a few more for diabetes, but we'll focus on obesity. Saxenda was the first to come out. It is lauraglatide and it's a daily injection. Gives you about 6% weight loss that that uh came out sometime in 2013. But the big one that ca the big one that really changed the field is WGOI came out a few years ago. It's simaglletide. It's a once a week injection. And the reason why it changed the game is because it went way beyond 10% weight loss. So all the other oral medications and sex gave maximum 10% weight loss. with goi average weight loss in one year 16.7%. Okay. And then a few years later, Zepbound came out. Zepbound is tzepide which is GLP-1 and GIP. two hormones in one molecule and that unbelievably giving 20 21% weight loss. So basically doubling doubling the weight loss we've seen with older agents the older agents like fentamine contrave which is bupropriion and elrexone um you know there's there's these these work in the brain orat is a fat blocker very little weight loss you know 4% maybe so going way beyond what we've seen in drugs in the past. >> Okay, so we have three drugs on the market for weight loss. There's maybe a couple other for diabetes. >> Well, there there few that these are the incrretin hormones. Now, we like to call them the the way we distinguish these from everything else. The other oral agents, we call them highly effective obesity medications. H EO M. >> Okay. you talked a little bit about these these other anti-obesity medications. Um how does GLP-1 receptor agonist compare to them as well as other treatment options so beriatric surgery for example lifestyle interventions behavioral therapy in terms of efficacy I guess you spoke about but safety and just patient outcomes in general. >> So you mentioned uh several tools that [clears throat] we have to treat obesity. Yes, we have lifestyle intervention. Let's talk about that first. We now understand to that obesity is a disease and not a matter of willpower. You might ask why is obesity is a disease? Why is it a disease? It's a disease because your body weight is under tight regulation by lots of hormones in the body. What hormones are we talking about? You know, leptin. Leptin is a hormone discovered in 1995 by Rudy Liel and colleagues. Comes from the comes from fat tissue goes to the brain and tells the brain, "Okay, you're full. There's enough fat. We have enough fat for survival." Okay. [snorts] If you lose weight by diet and exercise, you lose fat tissue. Less fat tissue, less leptin is produced. And so less leptin goes to the brain and you get the other side of the coin coming out which is ooh we're we don't have enough fat to survive we're get we get really hungry. Okay that kind of hunger when you lose weight and when you lose weight with diet and exercise I don't know if you've ever felt that kind of hunger I have. It's at a at a certain point you can't stop thinking about food, right? Those are your hormones wanting you to get back to a set point that your body thinks is good for survival. Why is obesity a disease? Somehow there's a defect in that pathway where people who have obesity defend a higher body weight set point because their body thinks that less than that they're going to starve to death. It's erroneous. There's a there's a defect, right? We think that defect is from inflammation from ultrarocessed foods. something in our environment has caused the increase in prevalence of obesity in this country and worldwide. Why do we know that? Because our genes don't work that quickly. Our genes don't change that quickly. They change over millions of years. Our obesity prevalence has increased over the past 50 years. Right? So we know it must be the environment. We think it's ultrarocessed food. something in the food is creating a defect or inflammation possibly in the brain where the signals saying you're full cannot get in you defend a higher body weight. Now what was the so that that is why obesity is a disease. Um all right so what so I think I just explained why diet and exercise doesn't work right? All right. It doesn't work because it's like if you compare obesity to another disease, let's say hypertension, you know, you can lower your blood pressure by meditating. Yeah, you you actually can. But how long does that last? As long as you're meditating. So, doesn't work, right? Because hypertension is a disease. Obesity is a disease. You can diet and exercise. Now, do some people are some people who diet and exercise can they keep the weight off forever? Yes. We know from the National Weight Control Registry, which is a registry of 10,000 people who've been able to keep off 50 pounds at least for 10 years. And we know what they do. It's a registry. And we query them. How are you doing? Did you still keep your weight off? What are you doing? What they do is they're on a 1,400 calorie diet every single day. They weigh themselves every morning. They eat the same thing for breakfast every day. They exercise 2500 calories per week religiously. And they they're basically vigilant about diet and exercise. That's how they do it. And we also know these people have cognitive restraint. They're able to somehow fight the powerful hormones that are trying to get them back to their original body weight. Not everybody can do that. We all have different kind. We all have different genes. And some people just really it it's it's such a they would have to spend all day deciding what to eat next. You can't do that. So diet and exercise for the most part. Some people can maybe lose 5% keep it off. But usually we say that diet and exercise is really for people who just have maybe 10 pounds to lose. They don't really have the disease. So what else do we have? We have medications. Medications are for BM. You know, the BMI is your weight in kilograms over your height in meters squared. You can look up look in a uh look on a table and find your BMI. If your BMI is over 25, you're overweight. If your BMI is over 30, you have obesity. Um, so medication is for BMI over 30 or over 27 with at least one complication like diabetes or heart disease or reflux or something. Medications are, you know, obesity medications, the older ones or fentamine. Uh, FDA approved in 1959 when we thought that obesity was not a disease. So we approved it was approved for 3 months use only still out there for 3 months. Um fentamine is a like a crude appetite suppressant. Goes to the brain shuts off appetite. It's a real drug. It had it can it has side effects like high blood pressure, palpitations, insomnia. We also have the combination of bupropion which is an anti-depressant and nrexone which is an anti-addiction agent. The brand name is Contrave. It can really help with cravings. Um, we also have cucia which is a combination of fentamine and tyroate. Top pyramate is an antiscychotic anti-convulsant agent. Um and then we have the three that I mentioned araglatide, simaglletide, tzepatide, the GLP1s which have changed the uh really been game changers in the field of obesity medicine. If your BMI is over 40, meaning you have class 3 obesity or over with diabetes or sleep apnea, you are a candidate for beriatric surgery. We like to call it metabolic beriatric surgery because it's really a metabolic surgery. We do two the the two operations we most usually do in the United States are the sleeve gasterectomy and the ru gastric bypass. The sleeve gasterectomy. It's less than an hour in the operating room. take a piece, take the lower curvature of the stomach out and uh you're out of the hospital in one night and you lose, you know, 25% of your body weight over a year on average and you keep it off. The RUI gastric bypass is a little more complicated. You create a small pouch instead of the the stomach. You bring up a piece of jigunum and that average weight loss is 33 to 35%. Again the wa the weight comes off in a year 9 to 12 months or maximum 16 months and you keep it off indefinitely. There is some weight regain but guess what there is some weight regain with medications as well because this is a chronic disease that we're talking about. There are other more more um there are other procedures that that uh are are reserved for very very high BMIs like BMI over 50 over 60 and those are the bilo pancreatic diversion uh and dadinal switch procedures and those just bypass a little bit more of the intestine. So how do how does beriatric surgery work? It works by changing the gut hormones the mill the gut hormone millure. So when food goes down the new um tract, it hits the cells that produce those satiety hormones earlier and you have you reduce your body weight set point. So we learned all about our new GLP1 medications from studying why metabolic surgery works. We used to think metabolic surgery worked by restricting the pouch, making it really small so you couldn't eat a lot of food and malabsorbing nutrients with the bypass. You bypass a piece of intestine. That's not how it works. It it it works by changing the gut hormone millure. And so our new medications are at attempts at at getting to a medical gastric bypass. So doing what the what the surgery does medically. We're certainly not there yet because metabolic surgery gives you much much more weight loss. Um, but maybe in the future with with new medications and combinations of of increin hormones coming out, we may get there. >> It almost feels full circle, you know, getting to the the mechanism of these drugs from prior weight loss strategies. And I really really like that you mentioned kind of reframing obesity as a chronic disease because I think that really helps get rid of some of the stigma that's associated with I guess medically treating obesity. And I do like the parallel between you know for hypertension we have anti-hypertensives for diabetes we have anti-lycemic medication. No one's ever pointing the blame at these patients for using medication. So it's it's nice that we finally can say the same for obesity now that we have these tools which we didn't have for a very long time. And I guess my question would be as the conversation the clinical conversation is shifting from weight loss drugs more towards I guess broader metabolic health and disease prevention you know these drugs have been been used for cardiovascular prevention now and there's a number of emerging indications. uh do you think this is more prevalent? Like do you see this more commonly in your practice or is it still like these are still considered weight loss drugs? >> That's a very good question. It it's interesting. The the idea that these drugs also treat and prevent heart disease and diabetes really comes out of the history. Let's talk about the history. When these drugs started to come out, o obesity agents, they were called weight loss drugs. This is before GLP1s, weight loss drugs. And it w, you know, we're the stigma was much worse then than it is now, but we still have stigma now. So at that time these were considered weight loss drugs and you know you're cheating if you if you do it because if you use them because you're not you're you're uh you're not on a diet or exercise program. You're just taking these drugs. And even beriatric surgery was considered cheating. Taking the easy way out. I've had patients actually tell me that. No doc. I don't want that surgery. I I want I I want to do it the hard way. I know I can do it. You would never say that about heart disease. Somebody if somebody ask tells you your doctor tells you you need a coronary artery bypass graft. Oh no doc, that's the easy way out, right? You would never say that. So um we got to a point where we we have these agents that are getting more and more effective and the FDA. I I went in front of the FDA in 2013 with a few colleagues. They weren't they weren't um approving any of our drugs. They weren't approving sebutramine. They weren't approving luracin. And we said, why are you doing this? You've got to approve some of these drugs. We have an obesity problem in the United States. So they finally did. 2013 they approved Contrave uh Belvik um and a few others after we went and talked to them. Um so the the idea of of utilizing obesity drugs to prevent other diseases came from this issue that we weren't getting FDA approval of obesity drugs. Let's say door saying yes this anti-obesity agent yes it's going to also uh cure mASH right fatty liver disease and yes the the select trial using WGOi for five years. Yes, you saw a cardiovascular risk reduction of 20%. We shouldn't have to we shouldn't have to be proving this over and over again that obesity is a disease and causes other diseases, but we have to. Okay. So, I am of the opinion that getting drugs out there to treat obesity should be should be one thing that we do. And we know now that we have these brand new drugs that are agonists of naturally occurring hormones, we know they're going to treat everything else. But we have to keep proving it because of the stigma around obesity. But also the drugs that came before this, what I mentioned, fentamine, cybutramine, which is meridia, they're associated with elevations in heart disease risk because they're actual drugs that cause elevations in heart rate and pulse. Whereas why are the incrretin hormones so different? They're agonists of naturally occurring hormones. I tell patients, you know, it's not really a drug. It's a vitamin. We're giving you just a little bit more than your body already makes. Your body makes these drugs. Your body makes these hormones. We're just giving you more to try to reduce your body weight set point that was increased by the environment. I think the idea that we really have to convince these agencies that obes issue, it really highlights the systemic level issues that we have that are kind of driven by by public opinion and the stigma. And kind of tying into this, there's been a growing discussion about, I guess, the more cosmetic usage of GLP1s. Um, from your perspective, do you think their use is appropriate or safe even in individuals without diabetes, without obesity? Uh, like the definition of obesity that you provided or another clear indication? >> We we debated actually uh David Allison, you may want to you may want to um interview him for this podcast because he has a very different opinion than I do. So, please tell him I sent you. Okay. >> Okay. debated him because he he's of the opinion that you know if you want to use a GLP1 to lose weight um you should be able to whether or not you have obesity. So the examples he gave to us are himself for example himself he he works a lot and he doesn't want to stop working because he has to eat. He wants to keep working and not have hunger. So he wants to to be able to take a GLP1 so he can work more. All right, one example. Another example, he feels that people who uh need to look good to make a living like actresses and actors and uh you know movie stars, they should be able to take a GLP1 to fit in their to fit into their dress or or look really slim. He feels that, you know, if as long as they know the risks, as long as they know what they're getting into, they should be able to do that. Or he even said, well, in the army, if you're in the army and you're, you know, you've you're fighting a war, you don't want to have to get be hungry and and eat. So, take a GLP1 for military reasons. So I'm I'm really against that idea because these again obesity is a disease. These are yes they're naturally occurring uh agonist. They're they're agonist of naturally occurring agents but they're still drugs and they're altering your body weight set point and they are correcting a defect. Do we have any evidence that taking GLP1s for cosmetic reasons or any other reason if you don't have obesity is good for you? We have zero evidence. No one has done studies looking at, you know, the use of GLP1s for patients with a BMI of 22 because they want to lose 10 pounds. No one has done that work. Um, people who do take GLP-1s for cosmetic reasons, um, when they lose the weight, they're going to stop the taking the medication, Typically, right? Guess what happens? You're going to gain the weight back. Why? because it's giving you more of a hormone that um suppresses appetite and delays gastric emptying. All of which cause you to eat less. And so when you remove that hormone, your hunger is going to come back. And in some cases, depending on the genetics of the person, your hunger comes back in a very very aggressive way where you really um overeat actually much as it much like if you were on, you know, a very lowc calorie diet. Let's say you go on a 500 calorie diet for two weeks and then you suddenly stop. You're pretty much, you know, for most people, their hunger comes back very aggressively and you may even overeat at several meals before you feel full. So, I I'm I'm very much against the use of GLP1s for cosmetic reasons. Um, it could be that in the end if if we hypothesize, hm, what would this do? What would this do? So, you take a GLP1, lose 10 pounds, stop it, and regain the weight. We don't know what we don't know enough about body composition changes to know whether or not when you regain that weight, are you going to gain the same amount of muscle back or is it going to be more fat? We have no idea. All right? Because most of the time people who take GLP-1s for for cosmetic reasons or not are not doing enough exercise and and not protecting their muscle mass. So, um I do think that it's uh you're at you're you're basically at your own risk taking GLP1s if you don't have obesity. So it actually might do more harm than good. I think it's pretty well documented this idea of well weight cycling. So the idea that you lose weight and you gain it back. It's associated with adverse cardiovascular, metabolic, even psychological uh events. So it is really is I think the responsibility of the clinician to make sure that these drugs are used responsibly. Unfortunately with the landscape that we have right now with um these drugs going off patent very soon I think the whole idea the whole world is going to change in terms of prescriptions there's going to be way more access and availability there's also tellaalth there's also I see things on social media where people are able to acquire these drugs without having proper monitoring so it's it'll be interesting to see how it plays out. I guess >> yes. Um I I think we really need to do more research into the mechanisms of uh weight regain and the timing. I think that what we'll find we've done research I have a colleague uh my colleagues and I do research. We overfeed patients in the lab and we see what's going on. And we found that rapid overfeeding, so giving someone many more calories than they need than they need causes oxidative stress. So uh and that oxidative stress can cause um changes in the mitochondria in the muscle changes in the bloodstream that may may also go to the brain and and uh lead to inflammation in the brain. Bottom line, people who take GLP1s and then stop them who regain the weight quickly may yes, they may be worse off than they were before. a lot of research to do to educate and inform the public before they they take GLP1s indiscriminately because of the cosmetic aspect. So before we wrap this up, I guess what key messages would you like clinicians or even patients listening to take away about the evolving role of GLP1 therapies in metabolic health and in obesity management? >> Well, first of all, we have um drugs that have been game changers in the the people to help people suffering from obesity and its complications. We still have to figure out what the cause of the increase in prevalence of obesity is actually and attack it. There's lots of evidence to uh point the gun at ultrarocessed foods, but we have to really prove it definitively. And then we have to do something about it. But you know what? It may be the GLP1s that alter people's taste that then the society may turn around and say, "You know what? I don't feel like eating that McDonald's hamburger." And that may change marketers. That may change the industry and and force them to provide healthier food. You see? So that's a that could be a plus that the GLP1s are going to do. But in order for that to happen, we have to get more access to GLP1s. We have 42% of Americans with obesity. Maybe 5% or less of those people are getting GLP-1 medications. That's a tragedy. Why is that happening? There were shortages. Insurance wouldn't cover. They're expensive. What we have to do now is to get pharma companies to lower the price insurers to cover these life-saving drugs only for people with obesity and um get more access out there. Um so I talked about ultrarocessed foods, the environment, the GLP1s. There will be more GLP1s, combinations of GLP1s coming out in the future. In late December, we may have the first oral GLP1 that may provide more access because it will be cheaper to make because it's oral. So, that is exciting. Very excited about that. But in the end recognize that if if we really reduce the stigma surrounding obesity and we really treat it like the chronic disease that it is, we need to recognize that many more people in this country should be um should have metabolic surgery to treat their obesity. BMI over 40, over 35 with diabetes and sleep apnea, metabolic surgery should be offered. So we should treat obesity the way we treat, let's say, cancer. Go to a cancer center or offered surgery, XRT, chemo, not one or the other. If you have significant obesity with a BMI over 40, you should go to a a obesity center like ours offered surgery, GLP1s and other medications and lifestyle, not one or the other. when people [music] recognize the multiddisiplinary treatment of obesity, that's when we're we're going to end up [music] reducing that stigma. >> Well, thank you so much, Dr. Repovian for joining us today and really highlighting [music] the chronic disease that is obesity as well as the [music] role that GLP1s can now play in the management of this disease. It's been it's been a pleasure really having you on this podcast. [music] I learned a lot. I'm sure our viewers as well. And to the listeners, thank you for tuning in. If you enjoyed this episode, be sure to subscribe [music] for future conversations exploring the science and also the practice behind today's one of most promising metabolic therapies. [music] if I do say so myself.

- Pros & Cons of the GLP 1 Weight Loss Drugs: Kind: captions Language: en [screaming] [music] Right now, GLP-1 medications like ompic, simaglutide, and tresepide are everywhere. Some people call them miracle weight loss drugs. Others say they're dangerous shortcuts that shouldn't be used at all. So, which is it? The reality is most of what people think they know about GLP-1 medications is either incomplete or flatout wrong. So today, we're breaking down the biggest myths about GLP-1 medications, what they actually do to the body, and what people should understand before forming an opinion. Because like most things in medicine, the truth usually lies somewhere in the gray area. Let's get into it. Welcome back to In the Gray Area with Rev Health. I'm Britney. >> And I'm Trav >> and I am super excited for this episode. >> Yeah, [laughter] it's me, too. I see every single day I see posts and stories on social media with so much misinformation about the JLP1 medications and it's like I just I don't even comment on stuff or get involved because it's it's exhausting honestly. But um it's it'll be good. I mean, I just want to clear some things up and clarify some things. And I know we have these discussions all the time with our patients about it and and you know, our patients get great results because >> they're doing it the correct way, but there's just so much >> like fear-mongering it seems like surrounding them. And a lot of it is is from the the fitness I don't want to say the fitness community but people that >> a little bit >> people that make an income on building nutrition plans and training people and like that sort of community is seems a lot of them are so anti these medications and I mean it's it's obvious why they are but there's just a very broad misrepresentation of them as a whole in terms of like the fear-mongering. >> Yeah. I recently was talking to somebody in that industry and it was kind of like an aome aha moment for her because she was like I told her I said let's think of it as something as like a tool that's helping because a lot of times um trainers think that they need to prove to their clients that like what they're doing for them is making the difference and if they add something like that it's like cheating or quick fix and I was trying to explain that a lot of times like we're seeing two out of three women with PCOS and so they're dealing with insulin resistance and so we see these women coming in all the time and they're like I'm eating right, I'm exercising, sometimes exercising too much, especially with insulin resistance. And so they're not getting the results and benefits. And just by adding in small doses of these GLPS, it's helping combat their insulin resistance, their inflammation, even gut health. >> So, and he said to me, he was like, "Wow." He's like, "I've never thought of it like that." And he thanked me. I'm not sure that his opinion has changed yet, but um it's just kind of like opening people's minds up to the information that maybe they don't have enough of it yet. They don't have enough information to really truly have an opinion, an honest opinion. >> Yeah. Well, most people get a lot of their information from social media. And so depending on the type of people that you're following, you know, the the algorithm that it creates, the what you're seeing, you know, and so it's easy to kind of get like pinhold into a certain thought, you know, and you're getting all that kind of information that's in general just not correct. But, you know, [clears throat] yes, like in a very simplified way to say it, you know, does anyone technically need these? Well, it depends on like how you look at it. I mean, yeah, everyone has the capability of losing weight, but for some people, like you said, it's a lot harder, you know, depending on your level of insulin resistance and inflammation and your metabolism and your level of hormones and things like that. But if you can utilize something properly that's a tool that makes that process, you know, much more obtainable for the average person, I mean, that's a win because as you mentioned, it goes far beyond weight loss, but every single parameter that we measure in our patients that are on these improves. >> Absolutely. >> Across the board. >> Yes. And it's I I mean I I would even kind of argue that like I feel like everybody needs them and to a certain extent a little bit something because I see our patients that come in that they're doing all the right things and then we add in low dose and that's one of the things when they come and sit down with us they're like okay they see these people walking around that have like lost a ton of weight, their skin is hanging, they look hollow and they're not healthy. And so I love having those conversations with them when we sit down and I'm like okay so what does your diet look like? How much protein are you eating in a day? what's your exercise look like? And they're for the most part they're doing the right things. And we talk about how we slowly start on low doses and you're on that and we slowly titrate you up. And we don't have patients that we put on really high doses. >> And also explaining that this is a provider problem. I mean, too many providers are giving way too high of doses. So when I get like these negative feedbacks like, "Well, my friend lost all of her hair." >> It's like, "Well, it's not the GLP1. It's the fact that you're not getting enough nutrients. Your provider that gave it to you is not telling you that you need to be eating enough protein and taking your vitamins and stuff that's going to make the difference. So, if you have you're on 10 plus milligrams of tresp habits. Now, we're starving ourselves. >> Yeah. There I mean there's a ton of abuse with these medications. I mean there, let's face it, from either, you know, like I said, providers just trying to profit off of them and just giving people ultra high doses to people doing it on their own, buying it from their friends, buying it online, not having proper oversight, not knowing how to, you know, reconstitute them correctly, not knowing how to dose it correctly. And so all of these negatives that we see that people like to hang their hat on, all these like side effects and problems people have are not a result of the GLP, they are a result of the rapid weight loss. And you would see those negatives even without the GLP if someone experienced that rapid weight loss. It's a byproduct of that, not the GLP. >> And we see that with gastric bypass. Like I can't tell you how many times I've seen that. Yeah. >> Like and so yeah. I mean you can look I mean you can look at similar studies where they you know similar weight loss studies where you know percentages of weight loss is similar to what the GLPs are and the same rate of muscle loss occurs the same side effects occur the same malnutrition factors occur so it's all of these things are you know you can see you know verified through studies but it's the medications themselves like we always talk about if you use them properly you don't have to lose muscle you know you don't have to >> starve yourself to where you're rebound ing when you come back and you don't learn proper eating habits and you're just going back to the same habits you had before. >> Yeah. I always wish that I had this eight years ago like [clears throat] when I was so inflamed and so sick especially with my PCOS like it would have been I feel like a lifesaver in moments that I felt like I couldn't even get out of bed and I we've seen that like we had our patient come in recently um she started hormones. Yeah. So we introduced trespide at the same time, low dose. Within 3 weeks, she came in and she was so excited, jumping up and down. And she's like, "Britney, I have had neck pain for years. Like I literally walk around my house with like my heat pad on and I'm taking um Advil and I think she was taking even some pain pills." But um all day, every day. Yeah. Um and she's like, "I'm taking nothing. I have no heat pad. I have no pain." And that's in 3 weeks. So you can't tell me these things are not amazing when used properly and you're addressing everything else, too. Well, the the cool thing, you know, I I know a lot of times in general people like to be down on big pharma, right? And we talk about that, but I mean, we know that they're profit driven. The good thing about these drugs is that they're making so much money off of them that they keep funding all these new studies to find, you know, what they're indicated for so they can prescribe them more. So just like now, you know, fatty liver and sleep apnnea and all these cool things that they're seeing that these drugs improve, you know, that is one of the upsides of, you know, big farm and the whole money thing and and and then just look at the ones we have coming down the pipe that are even more impressive. And to think about what's coming after those like it's pretty remarkable what we're going to see in the future with these kind of medications. >> It's incredible. I mean, we have people that come in that are they feel like they're losing their life >> and then it's just restored and turned around. So, >> I mean, I know for me, I mean, I see a lot of the um going back to like the trainers in the fitness world talking about it being a crutch and you should be able to do these things on your own and it's like, you know, whatever to to each their own on that. That's fine if you want to do that. Like I take a low dose and you do too throughout the week and it's it makes life so easy and it's like I don't even think about what I eat. I don't have cravings. I don't have to like oh I'm hungry. I I know but it's like >> you know typically even if you are eating a healthy diet a lot of times you know it's you're focused on it or you're thinking about I literally don't even think about food like I know what I eat every day. I just eat it. It's just part of the day and it's like that that part is I just don't even worry about it. And so to me, I love that just not having to worry about it at this point in my life. Like I don't think about food whatsoever. >> I feel like for me and even the more I'm learning about PCOS and understanding my own body and how I've dealt with that forever, um you know, I will crave carbs sometimes and honestly that's not the best thing for me with my insulin resistance and stuff. So I feel like that right away when we started Tratide that was one thing that I noticed is like I was craving healthy food. I was craving craving meat. Like it's just like it's amazing. It's like I don't even want that. >> It doesn't feel good. It doesn't sound good. Like >> I noticed that too. Like you cra you crave craving like steak and vegetables and things like I mean it just it sounds good and it is interesting to see what does. But yeah, it'll be cool to see how these things evolve, you know, down the road and and what what the future looks like. I mean I know >> they have the the oral ones coming out now, like the daily ones that seem to be very promising and so it's just there's going to be a lot of cool options. >> Lots of options. Yeah, you know, I look though, we talk a lot about weight loss and it's amazing for weight loss. We see it all the time. >> Um, but we have a lot of female patients with PCOS and indometriosis and I just this morning got a message from one girl just telling me like thanking me and she's like, I go to my conferences and people are coming up and they're like, what are you doing? And I'm like, well, I'm addressing my hormones and I'm low dosing trespathide. And it's like it's been life-changing because she's already gone down the path of she had fertility issues and then she has a hyerectomy and then now she's later in life where she's, you know, I don't want to say desperate. She's in a a great part of life, but she still was not feeling herself and just adding this little bit has been life-changing. So that kind of stuff in itself, it has nothing really to do with weight. >> It's just her whole life. >> Yeah. I think it just gets a lot of it gets wrapped up in um you know there's so much talk about the like the Olympic face and the yeah the issues that it gets it's hard because it it just all gets lumped together and so a lot of people feel there's like some shame or some like embarrassment behind using it and things like that and it's just it like you said use it as a tool just like anything else just like we use hormones as a tool just like people use supplements as a tool but I mean >> just how we don't typically prescribe it to someone that's not doing hormones someone that's not optimizing testo estosterone. I mean, that's the reason these things are so successful and that's the reason that the long-term outcomes and this the weight loss is sustained when people stop using them. >> Yeah. Um, you know, and also just being realistic because I know we've had some patients that come in and they're like, "Well, my friend lost 20 pounds in a month and I've only lost five." >> And I'm like, "Well, you're doing it the right way." Yeah. you know, and we have our one patient right now that um I think we just if she continues on the track that she's doing, which is losing like, you know, two pounds a week or whatever in a year, she will have lost like almost 100 pounds. >> That's amazing. And that's the right way. >> I don't think people think about it that way because that's what before you said that that's what I was going to comment on that you're we're not supposed to lose 20 pounds in a month, right? We're not like a wrestler trying to cut for weight or some, you know, like we're not supposed to have these extreme shifts in in weight. Like that's unhealthy. Like ultimately like losing weight is healthy for us in the long term, but it's unhealthy to do it in a way like that that you're you're losing it so fast. And so yeah, exactly like you said. I mean 5 lbs in a month, that's 60 lbs in a year. Like that's a significant amount of weight in one year's time. Like you're a completely different person at that point. >> Yeah. And I would even use, you know, one thing for us is we always hear that you lose muscle. >> That's where you're going to lose muscle is if you're losing 20 pounds in a month. You're you're not keeping your muscle. But I think we're really good examples of people that use it and are doing everything right that aren't losing muscle. >> No, I Yeah, I don't have any lack of muscle. I don't I mean it's again it's like it's not the compound itself that directly results in muscle loss. Like people think that you know tepatide or similutide like have some direct mechanism that that eats away at your muscle tissue or anything like that. It's just the rapid weight loss. And so yeah, your body you're going to lose one or the other or the combination of both if you lose it too fast. >> Yeah. Another thing that people always ask too is like costwise because if they're not going through their insurance, you know, which a lot of times they can't, >> um, it can be spendy. So, letting people know that you, yes, you titrate up slowly, get to where you want to be, and then we titrate you down slowly as well. That's how you're going to maintain and sustain, but also doing all the right things. eating high protein, exercising, and we always are encouraging people to address your hormones first and foremost. Yeah. Because that's playing a huge part. >> Yeah. Well, you know, the cool thing about it and going back to cost is what I mentioned earlier is now, you know, they're having all these new indications that these drugs are being prescribed for. And so, you know, we're in a situation where a lot of time like it's going to be easier for people to use their insurance to cover these medications, which is which is great for most people because they are expensive. And if you can leverage your insurance to cover them, like that's awesome. And we're going to see that more and more. And we're also seeing even the cash prices come down. Like I know like Lily has their direct to consumer, you know, platform that you can do cash pay that's significantly less than it used to be. And as more come out, you know, they're going to go I already saw that um, you know, uh, Novo is like lowering their price on Osimpic on the first part of next year and things like that. So, they're going to I think the goal is, you know, hopefully they'll be more affordable to the general public over the long term because they are so helpful. >> What is Ozic right now? Is it like $1,200 a month? >> God, I mean, I don't know. I I don't know off the top of my head. No, but I I know that like um Eli on like Tzepide um or Zebound now you can they have programs depending it's dose dependent I believe, but it's at least you can get it for you know I think $400 to $500 a month now which is significantly less than what it used to be. Yeah. >> So often, you know, we were just talking about the price of them and people are worried about having to stay on them forever and that's a question I hear from people, but what I find more than anything is that they want to stay on them because they realize how good they feel and a lot of it is that inflammation that's reduced, but also like we talked about earlier, the quieting of like the cravings and stuff like that. It makes a huge difference even on a half of a starting dose, which then you're it's going to go a lot further your supply. So, it's not going to cost as much. >> Yeah. You know, we've talked about for a long time, you know, that visceral fat and insulin resistance specifically is the root of a lot of disease. And they're they're even now finding that insulin resistance is driving a lot of cancers and things like that. So, when you look at, you know, when you're doing your hormones and living the lifestyle and then adding on something like this, which specifically is made to lower insulin resistance, it's like, yeah, why wouldn't you want to add that into your protocol if you know that that's the thing that causes a lot of disease and cancers and things that, you know, we die from as we age. >> So, it's just one more anti-aging and longevity tool. >> Yep. >> Got it. >> Why wouldn't you want to use it? >> For sure. >> Yeah. No, I love it and I plan on as long as we can using it. >> Yeah. Well, yeah. Like I said earlier, it's going to be cool to see some of the future versions of these medications and what those look like because I mean, I can't imagine what how how far they're going to go. >> I once had a trainer ask me if it ruins your metabolism because she said, "I heard that they ruin your metabolism. Why would I want my clients taking them?" >> Yeah. And again, it's there's nothing inherently like mechanistically specific to the GLPS that ruin your metabolism. It's the drastic weight loss. And it's like we see you see this a lot in they say like female like fitness competitors or bodybuilders like you see the aftermath of when they do a show or when they diet down and their metabolism is wrecked their thyroid is wrecked and that is from the extreme dieting the severe calorie restriction and which is what occurs when you do high doses of these things. And so it's that, you know, when you think about your body's survival instinct and when you start drastically limiting your calories, your body starts slowing down its metabolism so it can hang on >> to it. And that's just that. So when you come off of these drugs after you've been starving yourself, yeah, you're in a situation where your metabolism is very downregulated and then you have this huge appetite that comes back and so it's like this double whammy. But going back to what we said when if you do it properly and you're doing like low doses and you're still maintaining good eating habits and using as a tool, >> you don't lose your metabolism. And then when you're optimizing things like thyroid and testosterone that really drive up your metabolism, you're just you're really covering all your bases. >> Yeah. I think that's really important that people understand. >> Yeah. Yeah. It's just again it's like I think the important thing for people to recognize is that there's nothing about these medications themselves that are harmful. it's the misuse and abuse of them that's causing issues. >> I think overall it's just really important that people understand that they're not a miracle drug. Um and they can be taken improperly if they don't have the right um instructions and the proper care that they need, but they also are an amazing tool that's life-saving at the same time. >> Yeah. I I think again I've said it before, but I think they are one of the biggest one of the biggest kind of, you know, miracle drugs, whatever you want to call it, that that we've ever seen. I mean just specifically like when it addresses like the obesity that we have. I mean that's like a pandemic that we all can agree on and you can say that people shouldn't get to that point or people should be able to you know restrict food and exercise and do these things on their own. Like it's clear that we're not doing that as a whole. And so now you know you introduce these drugs and you start seeing obesity rates go down which is going to really lead to an increase in you know lifespan and and reducing a lot of these diseases. It's a net positive. But I can speak as somebody who has always been healthy my whole entire life. I've always exercised and there was time periods I didn't understand what's going on with my body, but I was just gaining weight and I was inflamed and there's nothing I could do right. So when these people come in and they sit down with us, like my heart hurts for them because I can relate to that, too. >> So I mean, we have a lot of things we're up against. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. And I can't, you know, I can't imagine that. And I've I've never, you know, I've always been active and and worked out a lot, too. And I've never been in a situation where it's, you know, really hard to lose weight or overweight, but I can imagine how much of a like stress and self-esteem and issue that that would be. And it's like we talked earlier about all the health benefits of these, you know, medications. And it's it's ironic because most people probably are taking them for just the weight loss, you know, the weight, you know, people want to lose weight and people want to feel confident and look better and stuff, but the health benefits they're receiving on the back end they're not even aware of. That's what's really important and what's really going to increase your your longevity. >> Yeah. Is there anything else you want to touch on? >> Gosh, I don't know. I mean, we hit a lot of it. I'm sure we'll talk about GLP some more. >> Yeah. I think there was a lot of really good information in today's episode. And if you have some other questions, please feel free to reach out to us. We'd be happy to help. And like always, please like, share, comment, and subscribe. And we'll see you next time. Thank you.

- 20 Questions About GLP-1s You’ve Been Too Afraid to Ask: Zepbound, Wegovy, Ozempic, Mounjaro: Kind: captions Language: en hello everybody and welcome to the downside so are you sitting in your house and you've been hearing all about these glp ones these mysterious weight loss medications that everybody from Oprah to Kelly Clarkson is taking and you're wondering well is it right for me what is it your neighbor told you it was scary the guy down the street had problems but you've been fighting your weight for the last 30 40 years well today I want to introduce you to Joe Zuki and saying it correctly Joe correct yep Joe is an expert at this so we wanted to bring Joe on and tell you all about it but first let me do all the bookkeeping so my name is Christopher Duron and I'm your host here on the downsizes my wife and I Lorraine have lost 140 some odd pounds between us so I've lost 94 pounds as of today almost to my goal weight a pound and a half away from my goal weight so super excited about that and I've personally taken basically tepati Z Bound in mjar and we'll talk about what that means but Joe reached out and Joe said hey I'm kind of in this business would you like to do an interview I said absolutely would love to so Joe tell us what you do and who you are sure thanks Christopher I appreciate being on here and looking forward to hopefully answering some commonly asked questions that patients have either before they start a medication or once they do start it things they may have questions about so um just about myself my name is Joe Zuki I'm a physician assistant I'm also a personal trainer I'm the clinical supervisor at transition Medical Weight Loss we're located in Salem New Hampshire we've been um in business for about six years and our program is a very comprehensive medical weight loss program and we now also have an online option and in terms of my background I've always been passionate about obesity medicine Nutrition Fitness um I've done articles on doximity Healthline uh we've been featured in Wall Street Journal and Med page today just talking about different things about gp1s obesity medicine counteracting the stigma bias that unfortunately can be out there and helping patients to become more informed about this as well as helping providers to become more informed about this so they can hopefully help their patients be successful so before we jump into that I do want to give the medical caveat which is mostly I'm not a doctor Joe is not your prescriber or your medical care professional so this is all for informational use only please if you want to start this change this do anything like that go talk to your prescriber your medical provider and make sure that you have care customized to you because we're all Unique Individuals right do you want to add to that Joe I agree exactly just information only definitely talk to your provider because each person's different it's there's so many things going on with your life we have no idea and we can't don't don't begin to speak to that but we're going to generally talk about basically the top 20 questions that you might be wondering about glp1 so we're going to start out kind of at the top at the 100,000 foot level so what is a glp1 Joe sure so we've talked about different medications over the years that can address weight loss but gp1s have definitely gotten a lot of attention over the past few years because they're efficacious and they're helping people really be successful but when you think about gp1s this is a a hormone that's in our body it's a natural hormone that gets released typically from our intestinal cells after eating that plays a role in satiety in response to food so we feel Fuller and satisfied after eating um but our intrinsic glp1 has a short halflife it's only lasts a few minutes and it gets released in small amounts and it's one of several hormones to get released after eating that tell our brain we're full we're satisfied um but for various reasons we can all have different levels of appetite and such and so after a lot of research gp1s have now become um pretty much the gold standard for both weight management and also for Diabetes Care and so as much as they sound very new and I understand that there's actually about 20 years of history of gp1s the first one came out in 2005 by ETA and so we have a good track record of the evolution of gp1s both in terms of how they help with diabetes weight loss and more to come and so gp1 medications are similar to your body's natural gp1 in fact stide Is 94% bioidentical to your body's natural glp1 but the tweak that they've done is tweaking it to make it much longer halflife and that's why it lasts a week long versus a few minutes and it's also much more potent and so any supplements out there that claim to be boosting your body's natural gp1 it's not not going to pair close to what these medications can do in terms of efficacy um but gp1s work in several ways they really help by regulating appetite reducing Cravings a lot of patients will say it calms the food noise so they're not thinking about the food process as much um it also slows down digestion a bit so when you eat a meal it stays in your stomach longer so you feel Fuller faster it has a direct impact on reducing blood sugar by basically helping to upregulate insulin when it's needed not when it's not needed and it improves in Sun sensitivity and we're also seeing the downstream effects on cardiovascular benefits and sleep apne and so forth so Works in several ways and as much as the title glp1 is what gets thrown around um medications like peptide and zeppone mangaro it's not just the glp1 it's actually a glp1 and a Gip Agonist and that helps to make it potentially even more effective because the Gip component is a similar satiety hormone but it works synergistically with glp1 to further regulate a itte cravings and benefiting blood sugar and so um definitely exciting class of medications so let's take that apart a little bit because I think there's a lot of misconceptions sure and you you got it in there but let me repeat it back to you as a as a patient a late person so a gop1 is a hormone that occurs in my body basically it sends a signal from my gut to my brain that says you're full you're full and if I eat protein if I eat whatever a small amount of that's released and then after a few minutes three five whatever minutes it's kind of done it's done its thing y so the medications that we're taking today are medications that are remarkably similar they mimic that but last a lot longer so exactly half life goes to five days correct y so I think it was noo Nordisk and the folks that figured that with someti out the the secret sauce that let them and I'm adding value here whether it's valuable or not the secret sauce that let them patent that as you said was that extra little six% turning the key scientifically exactly make it a unique thing that lasted longer corre that's 100% yep it makes the uh effects stronger and makes the effects longer and so now you're getting the benefit of that regulation on appetite that lasts hopefully the week certainly when patients do the injection they may find after a day or two it reaches maximum potency in their blood and it's strongest and it may phase down a little bit throughout the week but then the next shot eventually boost it back up and we're kind of eventually reaching steady state usually within about a month or so where the medication is more consistent in the body and of course there's dosages and different adjustments over time but the potency can be tweaked depending upon the person and then the ones that we most commonly hear about in the news are see advertised on TV are no Nord disks those zic and wovi sure yep which are typically for type two diabetes W GOI is typically for obesity or weight loss correct and Eli Lil's tppa tide which is Monaro and Zep bound correct Monaro is typically for type two diabetes and Zep bound is typically for obesity and they've they've both been approved for a few other comorbidities but yep I know what I'm talking about I don't yeah yeah I guess the one unique thing now like you said with the comorbidities is now wovi has also been FDA approved to reduce risk of cardiovascular disease and Zep bound has now been FDA approved to uh be a treatment option for sleep aptha and so that may help with coverage improvements for patients potentially um could be huge yeah that's huge so I've heard of all these things we now kind of have the primer the the Top Line who's eligible for this how do I know if I could if this is good for me sure so traditionally um these medications when they first came out uh or still today they are basically for patients um with obesity or overweight um which tradition has been classified by BMI but we'll talk about that um but for overweight or obesity um in addition to lifestyle modifications to help with weight loss and so um when they first came out they on the label it actually said a BMI of 30 or higher or a BMI of 27 plus a comorbidity meaning high cholesterol high blood pressure diabetes sleep apne and so forth um as of a few months ago actually both manufacturers have remove the BMI criteria from the label which theoretically opens up the pathway a bit because technically over overweight is really a BMI over 25 and obesity is a BMI over 30 um but there's a lot of discussion about how BMI is not perfect and there is um you know BMI is not per perfect because it only takes into account height and weight it doesn't take into account composition and in an Ideal World we'll be able to factor in body fat and visceral fat and maybe torso measurements to get a better understanding of the full picture because there are some patients with the BMI over 30 who actually can be quite lean and muscular or there are some patients with the BMI maybe in the mid 20s that actually have higher body fat levels and may benefit from these medications so over time the hope is certainly these medications become um maybe move Beyond just BMI and that's why this label change has been a step in the right direction but um just from my experience of doing prior authorizations which is the process to get these medications imp approved through the insurance most insurances are still going to be looking at BMI criteria and so for most patients it's still going to go back to um that 30 or higher or 27 plus a comorbidity at this point got it and we actually as you know the Lancet just did a whole setup on some new criteria to measure that we actually have a have a video that just will have come out when this runs it's pretty interesting and goes into anthropomorphic measures and all kinds of fun stuff but that's a whole other subject anyway um the next question would be question number three I guess so I need to go into my doctor because these are prescription drugs I can't go by this CVS by myself um how do I do that what do I what do I say I mean what how do how do I start this conversation because I'm a little embarrassed even though I know what I weigh you know I was but sure I think it's you know it varies so much from provider to provider um certainly hopefully your provider is going to be always open to uh making it a patient provider conversation and helping to figure out what questions you have what concerns you have and what options are available um every person's different and certainly we have to take into account their health history but you know if a patient is going into the primary care it may be discussing hey I have tried over the years a lot of different things I've seen success at losing weight but I've struggled to keep it off and I've been yo-yo dieting what are some tools that could be helpful um or if you're going to see a medical weight loss program certainly that will be part of the topic I'm sure as well so medications are not for everyone they're not mandatory there are people who can be successful on other medications you know through lifestyle Alone um but we know that for a lot of people obesity can be a chronic relapsing condition and unfortunately our bio biology can fight us and as we lose weight hunger and Cravings can ramp up and so rather than patients feeling like it's their fault or they just need more willpower these medications are a tool in the toolkit and I think talking to your provider about this and mentioning how I could benefit from this depending upon various factors coverage health and such um could be you know a powerful tool for them so hopefully your providers open to that discussion and um you know we can um kind of have that conversation well so I mean is it I'm sure doctors are annoyed by all these all these commercials and the songs and all that because a thousand people are walking in asking for medications that they in all likelihood don't need sure I think you know it okay for me to ask about one of those though say say hey I saw that mararo OIC commercial what would that be good for me is that okay yeah I think it's you know these medications you know have definitely gotten a lot of attention and the media can kind of extreme make things extreme and when patients go in looking to lose five or 10 pounds this is not the right medication for them this is designed for patients who have dealt with the health effects of obesity overweight and are really looking for something that they plan on taking longer term to help address this and so if somebody's just looking to lose a little bit of weight you know this is probably not the right medication for them but if somebody is really looking for something that going to help them over the Long Haul then by all means it should be something to discuss with your doctor your provider May mention that you know OIC and mjro are for diabetes zound and week o or for weight management and obesity and so depending upon qualifications they'll figure out the right medication for you and what the coverage will be well so we lorine well I shouldn't say I've been very lucky and have a primary career physician who's been very open to the conversation line tells the story many times about the doctor that she had for the longest time not her current doctor um was really not open to the conversation and would just tell her to try harder work out more eat less even when she brought up these so if you hit a roadblock with a doctor first of all is it okay to fire a doctor and just go you know we're not a good match yeah you got to find the provider who's right for you I think you know there's a lot certainly uh there's so many different variations out there from providers viewpoints and how they get along with the patients so you want to find the right fit for sure and certainly there are more and more um you know Specialists who work in obesity medicine and Medical Weight Loss centers and such that uh now can hopefully be an option for patients who maybe didn't have a good conversation with their primary care but they are looking to potentially explore those options further and that's where those providers can help them so when I'm looking for a new doctor we'll say sure ibe mind retired maybe they weren't open to the conversation I don't know but whatever I'm looking for a new doctor what kind of questions or what should I be looking for what kind of questions should I ask when I'm looking for somebody yeah I guess you know how is this provider's um comfort or openness to treating obesity with medication um maybe even interviewing them and having a discussion about their health and understanding if this is a good fit um certainly if a provider has a background or they're boarded in obesity medicine that's going to be a great option because that provider will hopefully be more uh familiar with the options that are out there and more open to the discussion and hopefully not criticizing the patient for just not trying hard enough yeah I mean I know it's what we see most commonly because we have viewers all over the world it's bizarre to me people popping in from Boise and from Germany if they're in a major city there's probably a specialist there's probably a clinic there's probably something that they can find however if they're in the midwest sure 150 miles from a major city sure limited options they've got the guy with the bag sure nice guy but it's a challenge yeah I think you know especially over the past few years there's been a lot more tele medicine options which is exciting because now patients are not limited just to a certain geography they can now access good care hopefully um from other options like online uh we've always been just an in-office program in New Hampshire but we even launched an online version called transition anywhere to help patients as well that are outside of our radius so there's a lot of online weight loss programs and there are some that are better than others and I think you know at the end of the day the medication is a big tool but we still want to make sure they're getting the support the the lifestyle modifications the education the nutrition and fitness advice so that the patient not only um hopefully has the best results but tolerates it properly and is getting proper care um but with you know new more tools out there now than ever um patients can hopefully have the support of a dietitian a fitness trainer a medical provider so that they're getting a full care team because at the end of the day it's not just about the number on the scale it's about quality of health and that's what hopefully all of us are looking towards well so then next question how much weight do would you expect people to lose on these medications sure so if you look at clinical trials those were you know done on several thousand patients and they showed us averages and certainly there are some patients that are going to beat the odds and some are going to fall lower on the scale but the general average was patients on sagl in the week Obi trial at the top dose 2.4 milligrams lost on average around 15% of their body weight and patients on Z bound at the top dose AKA tppa tide at 50 milligram dose they lost on average around 22% of their body weight um now there are some you know hyperresponders that may lose 50% of their body weight and there are some that may lose five um but the average person in the trial was probably looking to uh starting weight was somewhere around 220 to 250 and and they ended up losing between 35 50 pounds depending upon the medication on average um personally we've had some patients that have lost over 200 pounds so it's amazing at what can be done um but when you date back to previous medications you know 5 to 10% weight loss was considered great now with these medications 15 to 20 and Beyond is becoming much more common which is exciting because now we're not only helping to just improve weight loss but we're reducing comorbidities reversing types types of issues patients are getting off of other medications for things like blood pressure or even reducing diabetic medications because of the success they're seeing yeah I mean that that's the the story that I've had as as my weight has come down whether it's a result of the weight loss or the medication doesn't really matter to me honestly but I mean I was on blood pressure medication and colesterol medication and I'm compl completely off of both of them at this point awes and honestly the the biggest watch out I give people about the blood pressure medicine is if you start feeling dizzy call your doctor because so important you need to have that picked out and you might need to adjust Stu that's a great thing to touch upon you know these medications are not approved for the treatment of hypertension or high cholesterol um or or um Beyond but at the same time there are many patients that are going to be losing weight improving their blood pressure and other things and they may need to tweak their other medications we had one person who got off of four blood pressure medications it was like every 25 pounds it's time to get off so if somebody's on these medications you're losing weight successfully if you ever feel laded or you stand up from a seated position and you feel a little woo could be a sign blood pressure is low so certainly check your blood pressure talk to your provider um but there's a good chance you'll be able to maybe get off of some of those other medications or even adjust your pressures over your CPAP or many things so keeping it close CPAP if you're lucky so exactly um and you know it's all been been cleared for that sleep apne as you mentioned earlier yeah I mean it to me that's the the real reason and I tell people this all the time you you've got to tell your doctors the medications that you're taking it's they can't make the decisions they need to make if they don't have all the information so for sure all those things are important you know certainly somebody is on any diabetic medications that could influence their blood sugar with these medications so that should be tweaked blood pressure we just talked about um certainly devices and then for other people it can be GI related type symptoms which we'll talk about so it's important for them to know the full picture so they can help you when things go differently okay well so let's talk about side effects then because you hear them all the time everybody's constipated if you if you read Facebook everyone in the world is constipated sure I personally have not ever been constipated sure I have other problems but not that one so tell me about side effects yeah I think like you said you know a lot of the the headlines are sensationalized and it makes it sound like people are having all kinds of issues and honestly the vast majority of patients tolerate these medications very well um but the things that we know both from experience and from trials have shown that the most common possible side effect is usually GI related so number one's nausea um if people notice AA the good news is is it tends to be pretty shortlived and it tends to get better and better over time as your body gets more acclimated to it but that's not to downplay it there are some patients who will get nausea I noticed personally that patients have less nausea on tepati and zound than stide and wovi but everyone's different um but note that if you've noticed the nausea we'll talk about some tips to help with that but it is something that is not hopefully you know long term it will get better and also a reason to maybe not go up in the dosage as well which we'll talk about too um but outside of nausea certainly constipation diarrhea are possibilities as well um many of which can also relate to the foods that somebody's eating too so benefits can be had by changing diet um beyond that there are other things on the list that can be but those are the most common ones that people tend to talk about we'll talk about contraindications and maybe some more potential things but the things that people hear on the news they hear about pancreatitis and kidney issues and gallstones and they're possible for sure I don't want to downplay it but the rate of pancreatitis and the tri for Z Bond was equal in the treatment group to the placebo group so that's reassuring the rate of kidney issues in fact these medications are kidney protective but if somebody is having nausea or vomiting or diarrhea and they're losing fluids and they're also not drinking much water that can cause dehydration which doesn't make kidneys happy and so hydration is really important um and then you know gallstones if somebody's losing a lot of weight especially rapidly that can influence their bile and that can influence causing a higher risk of gallstones and if gallstones don't go treated that can lead to pancreatitis so there's Downstream effects many of which relate with just the weight loss itself um but if a patient's being monitored properly they're doing things right they're staying hydrated they're getting good nutrition the risks of those things are much lower and for the most part the the pros and cons there's a lot of Pros that hopefully will outweigh the cons for sure so my favorite side effect is I am cold all the time we have less uh a little bit less inflation after all the weight loss right I think so and I mean part of what I've read is there there's there's some of that kind of dop amine thing going on in the brain that's just it's triggering something a little different whether that's true or not I have no idea so side effects so not too scary but expect them make sure you talk to your doctor um serious risks longterm you know because that's the other you know if you're at a party and you tell somebody oh sure what what's the long-term effects of that they never ask me that about my blood pressure or my cholesterol medicine by the way either and if you unfold those sheets sure there's risk there too so true think so the first things that we always mention to patients is the the real only major contraindication which means what somebody would not be a candidate for the medication would be if they had a personal or family history of specifically meary thyroid cancer which is a very unique rare type of thyroid cancer less than 2% of all thyroid cancers are meary so this is a pretty rare thing to have but if somebody does have that this would not be a good medication for them just out of a precaution of risk and then also linked to that risk is something called men2 or multiple endocrine neoplasia syndrome type two and that is also a contradic these are again very rare things if people say oh my aunt had thyroid cancer it's probably papillary because that's 90% of them um but it is just important to note check family history in case there's any sort of uh something in the genetics there the reason they say that is that in Trials on on mice on gp1s dating back for many years they did see a slight increased risk of thyroid cancer in those trials in mice but mice have a lot more expression of glp1 receptors on their thyroid and humans don't have the same amount and on top of that the human trials on these medications have not shown an increased signal of thyroid cancer and so that's reassuring I I definitely don't want people to think it's impossible but um the risk factors seem to be reassuring and to your other point about um you know oh these long-term risks these medications have been out for 20 years and that's reassuring too uh yes you know zound mararo are newer in the family here but if we go back to previous medications dating back from lactide to dilactide and Beyond we have now had a pretty good track record and if anything you know really scary would be popping up we would have see it in all the trials that we've had now well and I give them the very honestly Dad answer which is I know what the absolute risks of obesity are and I'll be dead that's a really good point I think that's what people don't realize right they wearing the pros and cons of the medication but if we don't treat the disease of obesity what about those risks we know those risks are probably the highest risks obesity is tied to cancer cardiovascular disease diabetes sleep apnea fatty liver disease and Beyond and so we have to always R the pros and cons and if we do not help somebody successfully lose weight the risk factors of maintaining that higher body fat percentage are probably going to be much more dangerous in the long run yeah let me tell you I can shut that fun party conversation down really quick because I mean both of my parents died of complications of obesity now does it say that on on their death certificate no because those doctors didn't but if you go back and look it was heart it was weight it was blood pressure it was all these things man there's a direct line going and my mom passed away three years older than I am today I mean honestly people ask about why why did I start doing this because I want to see my kids you know graduate from college and walking down the aisle and know I saw what happened with my parents it's so important to think ahead and try to reduce those risk factors yeah all right so the there are risks but they're not too scary long term we should be okay uh these are needles there yeah so a lot of patients talk about that so a couple things first the reason these are injections a lot of people like well why can't I just take a pill and there is one version out there which I'll mention but these medications are peptides and peptides are strains of amino acids similar to eating protein in a sense if we just took this as a pill without any modifications made to it our digestive tract would break this down and denature that and end up causing it to just be a strain of amino acids that no longer function as a medication and so the reason we're doing it as an injection is we're bypassing digestion and so now the medication gets absorbed properly and much more effectively and the effects can be had and so yes they're an injection but they've evolved they used to be daily injections medications like vioa and saxenda were daily injections but now most of these medications are are weekly injections and so so it's really not that bad honestly some patients say I'd rather do a shot once a week than have to take a pill every single day and the other good news is is at least um both for wovi and Zep bound the pens are designed in a way that the needle is hidden inside the pen and they go right there and so for a lot of it's super easy exactly it's an auto injector you don't have to worry about much you're just placing it on the skin either at the thigh the stomach or the back of the arm and you're either with the wovi pen just pressing down it automatically injects or with z found there's a button on top and you don't even see the needle and it is a small needle it's called subcutaneous so it's a thin short needle that just goes underneath the skin and for most patients within five seconds the injection is done and pretty painless yeah I mean we're now 66 weeks into this so I've done Lots um I'm still a little startled honestly this makes a clicking noise that's kind of loud and startling which sounds silly but kind of I kind of jump every time it makes the clicking noise but it's done in seconds it's not a big deal um if you happen to be a European Watcher or in England or Germany monjaro and zip bound both have quick pens as well they look like this and these have adjustable so they have multiple doses in it you change the needle out it's also very easy though similar to OIC pen as well with mult yeah very similar to it absolutely oh so we got the shots so you start get down to some of the some of the other questions so what's the best day to inject sure so technically you know the manufacturers will say doesn't really matter just take the shot once a week and that's important you definitely want to stay consistent with your shots if somebody has been off the medication for more than a week or two talk to your provider because they may need to adjust your dosage this medication is very important to start at the lowest dose and titrate up slowly for tolerability and preventing side effects and nausea if somebody has been off it for a while and their body is kind of naive to it again and starting at a high dose can cause exacerbation of nausea so important to do it consistently um you know missing a day or two is not a big deal but weeks can definitely make a difference um but in terms of the day of the week I have found personally patients who tell me that you know what on the weekends I tend to have more challenges there is events there's parties there's cookouts there are I'm eating a little bit differently on the weekends and I find for them doing the injection on like a Thursday or Friday actually seems to be the best because the medication reachs his maximum by the weekend helps them get through that challenge and if it's starting to get a little bit weaker towards the end of the seven days it's the middle of the next week and it's not that big of a deal and so that's a little small tip but at the end of the day just stay consistent with it but for a lot of patients who just think of starting things on a Monday that's going to have the weakest benefit for your weekend and so doing it latter later in the week may be beneficial and we take ours on Friday we eat lunch we take our shot we're done um and especially early on it helped as well because we didn't talk about fatigue but fatigue is another one of those side effects that now 65 weeks or whatever I'm into it I don't really get fatigued very often but early on sure adjust I mean you just need to play and to be tired sure I think a lot of the things that people noticed in the beginning it does get better over time some of that may be the changes they're having in terms of their food are now changing their habits are changing but it is important to kind of uh you know adjust as needed and I always we we always say the best day of the week to start is today sure better now than never and they can always adjust a day or two it's not you know it's really not that hard to do that um let's talk about titration then first of all what is titration sure and why are we doing it sure so we'll go with both medications separately because they're a little different but we GOI has five dosages and zound has six dosages and so traditionally we're starting at the lowest dose it may differ if somebody's switching from different medication but assuming they're starting from nothing we'd start off the lowest dose and for wovi that would be 0.25 milligrams and for for Z bound that would be 2.5 milligrams and um over time we're titrating up slowly so for wovi that would go 0.25 0.5 one 1.7 and 2.4 oek has a similar titration there's no 1.7 it goes from one to two and that's where that stops but um regardless the the thought process is is we're going slowly and adjusting over time for for patients with diabet I abetes we're increasing based on how their blood sugar is doing for patients using this for weight management we're increasing it based on how they're doing with their weight loss if somebody is tolerating the medication well um they're still feeling some craving some Hunger um appetite could still be benefiting from some more potency then for sure we'll probably be increasing their dose by into the next month and then reassess from there but if somebody's having nausea or having any GI issues or they're like you know what I'm losing weight I'm feeling great or um I'm feeling pretty full my appetite's controlled then let's stay at this dose a little longer there's no reason to rush the titration it's not like more is always better um so I think everyone's different now I will say from an insurance perspective um wovi is approved at maintenance dosages of 1.7 and 2.4 so the top two and so you almost are required to increase the dosage at least at some point over time you can stay at a given dose a little bit longer for an additional month um but they were studied at the top dosages and so they're designed for patient to get up there Z bound was approved at maintenance dosages of 5 10 and 15 so we have a little more flexibility there which is nice if a patient is happy at a low dose we can stay there as long as they'd like and so I'd say it's very different I have some patients that are on 2.5 or five and they're feeling excellent we stayed there for many months I have one person lost 80 pounds and never went higher than five and yet there are some patients who are happy to be at 15 and thankful they got there so uh don't be afraid to talk with your provider about increasing the dose um because as we saw in the studies the higher the dose the more the weight loss potentially um but it's very variable and if it's going to increase side effects or nausea don't rush well particularly if you have a lot of weight to lose you know sure slow and steady make it work as hard as you can exactly maximize each dose and kind of work your way up over time I mean it's it's an interesting conversation because I know we've also heard about insurance providers and the thing about insurance and you can speak to it better than I can obviously is you got to talk to your insurance provider to know specifically what yours is because it's Unique for everybody but we've seen a number of them that would only let you stay on those 0 five doses on Zep Bound for one month and then you had from my experience at least locally and recently Express Scripts Pharmacy benefit plans require patients to either be on 5 10 or 15 for multiple months 2.5 7.5 and 12.5 just considered titration dosages and they only allow one fill of those and so if you wanted to stay at 7.5 unfortunately they're going to make it tricky there are some ways to sometimes argue with them to get it approved but for the most part they expect you to be on what was in the trials as maintenance dosages but I have other patients that have KARK or optim RX as their Pharmacy benefits package and for many of those they actually haven't had an issue and any dosage is allowed for refills which is nice and for the the diabetic medications usually any dose is allowed for refills as well so the the trickier ones are going to be depending upon the plan and we OB can be a little bit trickier because um it was approved at the top dosages um but again depends on the person depends on the plan it's all kinds of craziness there you know there's so many people out there talking about it now if I'm just starting on either one of these medications should I expect to lose weight the first day the first week the first month or or what should I expect sure again everyone's different don't expect magic to happen overnight there are some patients that will'll find even within the first day or two of the shot it's already making a difference kind of working behind the scenes in terms of reducing hunger and cravings and helping them feel Fuller faster um but some patients don't notice a lot until they get to those higher dosages so you know if you look at the trials uh the difference between Placebo and medication it takes some time to really show the separation there so it's about slow and steady wins the race and over time we'll adjust dosages as needed and certainly the higher dosages may allow for more potency um but hopefully patients will start to feel a difference within the first few weeks and that may translate to some progress um but always remember that this is you know alongside Lifestyle Changes too so if they're doing this and they're changing their portions changing their habits that's going to really to work synergistically for the best progress well so if I see people on Facebook that said they lost 25 pounds in the first month sure and I lost two don't feel bad you're on your own journey and some it's going to vary a lot on each person right their resting metabolism their height their weight their starting weight uh their activity their nutrition plan uh so everyone's on their own journey and I think it's easy to compare ourselves to these exciting numbers of somebody who lost 100 pounds here and 200 pounds there but they may have started in a whole different place so just trust your own progress and if you can see the the progress over time then you're doing great well and that's what I tell people is you can't see on the other side of Facebook who that is exactly a couple of folks who I know have lost really well were six foot tall men who weighed 450 pounds sure so 20 pound weight loss is a very small percentage of their body weight whereas a five foot tall a 54 woman who's 2 200 well 20 pounds would be 10% body weight yep that's why percentage is a nice thing it helps to even the playing field a little bit because if we go just by pounds the taller guys are going to have the uh the bigger numbers for sure yeah I mean there there's no way for lose that much weight that's just crazy um so let's talk about money I mean what is what does this cost and and how how can we get it paid for does Insurance Help yeah the million-dollar question right so it varies a lot um you know personally I'd say about half of my patients have coverage for anti-obesity medications and half don't um diabetes medications honestly have a very good coverage rate but that will depend upon qualifications so if somebody wants to use OIC or monjaro they're usually going to need to have proof of either an A1C over 6.5 or a glucose above 126 a fasting glucose um the weight loss medications are more BMI based as we talked about but it still will depend on does my insurance or does my employer opt into an insurance plan that has coverage for weight loss medications some plans unfortunately just opt out of this optional binder to save costs and so there's a constant discussion to hopefully get these medications better covered and eventually hopefully they just become a standard of care for all insurance plans but as of right now it varies a lot by employer and so if your plan lists these medications as a plan exclusion unfortunately your provider can't do anything to get around that that is a hard no and no appeal is going to really change that because that is a plan exclusion but if you're plan somehow has that medication on the formulary um we will do whatever we can to get approval for you through your insurance and usually that requires a PRI authorization which will involve us submitting paperwork to your to your insurance stating why you're a good candidate for the medication perhaps what you have tried and failed in the past and then assuming uh those things are met then the approval hopefully occurs and for patients that have insurance coverage the medication can often be as low as $25 a month or sometimes even lower um for patients that do not have insurance there are some savings cards and such out there so going by the name brands we GOI without any coverage does have a savings card option that makes at 650 out of pocket per month for any dose and um Zep bound has has two options they also have a savings card that makes it 650 per month at any dose for the pens uh they recently released vial options and the vials are a lower cost alternative that is a cash pay option doesn't go through your insurance at all and it's $3.99 for the lowest dose which is 2.5 milligrams and 5.49 a month for the 5 milligram second dose so those are some newer options and hopefully over time we have more dosages available for vials and maybe lower cost for vials and there are other options out there as well but um those are the primary ways but assuming somebody does have insurance coverage the savings cards can SK still help um we go coupon takes off 225 out of pocket and zound takes off 150 out of pocket bringing your co-pay down to as low as uh zero or $25 respectively so worth checking into those savings cards because they make a difference and they can be applied every month and um For Those About coverage worth exploring their options because there are options as well yep and the savings cards if you're looking for they're absolutely free so you don't have to pay anything for it just search either zip bound or will goie savings card and they they'll come up like first or second on Google and the only other caveat and we'll get I I'll say this because I'll get somebody who comments it is if you're on Medicare or Medicaid the savings cards cannot be used and that's government regulations correct it applies to all savings cards unfortunately it's not the manufacturer it's just across the board um the Z bound vials are available for Medicare patients regardless of um Medicare or not but like you said the savings cards do require a commercial insurance plan and not Medicare or Medicaid well so let's talk about food and exercise because can I just take this shot and keep eating the same way keep living the same way and it just does its thing and I don't have to worry about it or sure is there more to it yeah to really you know and it's right on the label for these medications these are to be done not in lie of a diet and exercise but alongside them and I don't want patients to feel like they have to commit to some extreme diet and start going keto or anything like that it's really just starting to make some lifestyle changes to really allow the medication to work its best and hope for the medication allows those lifestyle changes to be easier because naturally our body uh hunger and Cravings can be hard and so with the help of this hopefully we're finding that we're feeling Fuller faster we're having less food noise we're not thinking about those particular Foods as much and so that in turn maybe allows people to more easily focus on smaller portions um and hopefully they're having less cravings for those higher sugar type foods and feeling like they're feeling more satisfied when they do eat a meal so they're not going back for seconds for example um the tips that I recommend to patients first is you want to prioritize protein for sure these medications are good at causing weight loss but we want to prevent muscle loss these medications are not you know it gets debated but there's not a big concern of muscle loss just because of the medication itself but if somebody is losing weight rapidly and they're not getting enough protein or they're not exercising then that can cause muscle loss and so prioritizing protein is a foundation for sure and protein is not just about preventing muscle loss it keeps your blood sugar stable it also helps with energy levels protein's more thermogenic so it burns more calories so it's going to help with the weight loss to some extent compared to carbs and fats and so um make sure that's a foundation that you're spacing out some protein throughout the day um outside of that water intake we talked about before we want to prevent constipation we want to keep people hydrated we want to keep their kidneys happy so hydration is important so getting plenty of water is is vital um that's good for health Beyond weight loss of course too um third is fiber intake is really important we want to prevent constipation we also want to Aid in that fullness aspect and fruits and vegetables and fiber are going to really be important too and so I'd say those are the major focuses and then beyond that there's so many different philosophies when it comes to dieting and unfortunately the diet culture has so many extremes and false dichotomies that people feel like they if they're not vegan then they're carnivore if they're not doing intermittent fasting then they're eating eight meals a day and it feels like what do do and I always tell patients you know you have to think of this as a lifestyle if you're sticking or starting a diet that is so extreme that you don't see yourself doing this for more than a few weeks it's probably not a good diet to start in the first place so make it a lifestyle focus on balance focus on portions protein plants and hopefully over time these things become you know habits over time it doesn't have to happen overnight the medications are going to help to make it easier because we're not battling our cravings and hunger um but definitely try to focus on making those lifestyle changes so we can make this long-term best for not just successful weight loss but best for successful health benefits absolutely I mean honestly we say it's not a diet at all it's the medical treatment of obesity and then let's just learn how to eat better smarter smarter exactly you know and on that point about exercise as well you know same thing um I don't want people to get fear from the word of exercise you know you can think of it just activity or movement right um just try to increase your step count try to just gener move more it could be walking the dog taking the stairs parking further away it's small things right it adds up um certainly if somebody has access to a gym or to some equipment at home great that's the next step too but start with maybe one day a week of working out and then we can build from there you don't have to commit to working out seven days a week and if you don't enjoy the gym then maybe you're doing classes maybe you're doing stuff at home maybe you're going for walks Outdoors maybe you're doing pickle ball everything can still be activity in different ways um but I will say I definitely recommend to patients if possible try to incorporate some strength training resistance training is going to help to preserve that muscle which is the most important part of your resting metabolism and the more muscle we have the more calories we burning 247 so it's going to make weight maintenance easier when you get there uh and of course we want to also maintain good bone density and exercise is going to be helpful for that too um but again it can be resistance bans dumbbells can be gym but don't feel like it has to be one form there's many ways to be active and this is again going to just help in the process well so so muscle loss is another one of those things you you'll hear from people that does the push back should I be afraid of it should I be so afraid of it that I would not try these medications yeah I have a few colleagues I know Dr nadolski has a few patients that have had dexa scans done before and after their weight loss Journey on one of these medications and he showed and there are many other cases of patients who maintained their muscle really well so even Zep bound's trial there were about 250 participants within the trial that they actually looked at their body composition more specific and they saw greater fat Mass loss than muscle loss which is reassuring I think if somebody is losing weight rapidly they're not changing their diet they're not getting enough protein they're malnourished they're not exercising then the risk of muscle loss is certainly there not to the fault of the medication but just because of the amount of weight that they're losing is g to cause that potentially to happen and so um don't be fearful of it but just use that to be proactive and try to get that protein in try to stay active it's going to allow for the better outcomes in the long run anyways oh and it's a percentage thing as well so that 450 pound guy is gonna have a whole different weight of muscle versus fat than the 200 pound gu is so true so true so then the one that that we hear the most about the nausea and the GI issues is there anything I can do to proa be proactive about that for sure so I think first is let your provider know because for them they may be able to certainly tweak your dosage if you're in a higher dose maybe going down would help uh and in the moment I would say the big things that help are first trying to have smaller meals throughout the day is usually a good habit if people feel nauseous sometimes they just had a bigger portion of food and it's just sitting in their stomach longer now and they feel more queasy because of that and so smaller meals spaced out tends to help um higher fat foods can also cause more of that sensation so Trying to minimize heavier types of meals can usually be beneficial drinking a c glass of water may be helpful ginger has been shown to have some um benefits on nausea and if you're having issues talk to your provider because there are some cases where prescribing a medication such as Zofran can be helpful it's just taken as needed to help with the nausea and it can really help people get through that maybe uh bump in dose or that temporary nausea that they're experiencing and then things have calm down from there nausea traditionally gets less and less over time as your body gets more acclimated to the medication um but if you're having severe nausea don't overplay it because if you become dehydrated and you become losing electrolytes that can lead to all kinds of issues so um there's different levels of severity there but uh for most patients it's it's uh easy to treat and gets better quickly well and what we see is you know tracking what you're eating not to the point of counting the calories necessary but just being aware there may be some things that your body is not reacting to well yep everyone and I can't I everybody I talk to it's something different very true everyone's different but if you can isolate that and go maybe I just don't need chicken fingers Pizza whatever it is alcohol for a lot of people is that way worth cutting back on those types of things that are just trigger for you the other big question is well are you gonna have to take this for the rest of your life I don't want to do that sure that's a really probably the most asked question I would say I get and it's a it's a lot to unpack I think first we have to realize that obesity by definition is a chronic relapsing condition and I'm not saying somebody who just you know gained 10 pounds because they were out of commission for a bit we're talking about somebody who has struggled with this throughout their life Liv there may be family history involved here obesity itself is complex our environment is is is challenging we have both genetics our individual physiology our environment food environment portions our sedentary lifestyle all these things make it challenging and so the idea of just going on one of these medications for a few months to lose the weight and then stopping it that's not how they're designed and unfortunately not going to probably have the best outcome that's not to say you're on this forever per se I always tell patients you're always in the cor you're always in the driver's seat you're in control if you ever decide that you want to come off this medication we can work our way down and and decide to go that route if we need to so you're not locked on it for life but if we look at the trials we can see that patients that stayed on the medication and we have trials not looking at even 176 weeks of Zep bound and similar for wovi and the patients that stayed on the medication were maintaining their weight loss which is amazing because for many patients uh you know the average studies claim that within three years 85% of people gain back the weight that they lost and so to see these people maintaining it is a great sign um but also in those trials they did show after that length of time if they discontinued it what happened and there was a trend of weight regain that occurred um so I'd say personally when I've seen patients when they get to their goal weight we have a good discussion we say how are you feeling for some of them they're saying you know what this is the first time in my life I have had success losing weight and keeping it off this medication I tolerate it well my insurance covers it I'm happy I'm healthy I don't want to off of it and I agree this is a good fit for them to stay on and we may adjust their dosage accordingly and some of them say you know what I'm at my goal I don't need to lose any more weight let's titr trate down and so instead of being on 50 milligram Z bound maybe we can go down to 10 and to five and see how things go from there a lot of patients are honestly maintaining on a low dose and that's great it's just enough for them to keep things at Bay um without necessarily going back through that weight regain um but if somebody is very much under the uh mindset of I want to get off this medication at some point then I'm on board to try to help them with that we would again really focus on have they made those Lifestyle Changes has their entire identity changed where they're now nutrition's different their activity is different they feel like they're in a different place then we can try to titrate down and wean off of it and see how things go but let's keep a close eye on things if somebody just gets their goal weight and pulls the plug on these medications cold turkey I wouldn't feel very optimistic but if they are doing things methodically and TI trating down slowly we may be able to maintain it a low dose or get off but I'd say 10% of patients you know lifestyle alone may be enough um but don't assume that hey I lost the weight I'm all set it's just like any other chronic disease if your doctor puts you on a high high blood pressure medication or a cholesterol medication they don't say take this until your blood pressure is normal and then you're all set right you're on this medications long term you may get off in the future um as other things change um but the medic is helping to control that new healthier place and so for a lot of people hopefully for weighing the pros and cons again we're saying you know this this has improved my health so much that I hopefully uh I've been able to get off of other medications too and so hopefully that gives a perspective do you agree no absolutely I mean it's the biggest thing I tell people is this is a treatment it's not a cure so the the your disease did not go away correct it's still back there all the is doing is managing sure I think a good analogy is is um you know our bodies weren't designed to lose weight um our bodies see you know weight loss is a threat to survival and so as we try to lose weight our hunger hormones increase our satiety hormones decrease our metabolism decreases and so there's this tug of war against our body's natural physiology that wants us to kind of unfortunately go back to our previous higher weight and so these medications are counteracting that and allowing us to hopefully now maintain that lower weight more successfully so then how do I get this question all the time do these medications actually make me lose weight is there something physically happening that these medications are doing or is it just making me eat less good question yeah so the the the major player of these medications is primarily through appetite regulation and that fullness sensation which then in turn allows people to consume less calories smaller portions and lose weight there is certainly some processes beyond that in terms of maybe benefiting blood sugar and insulin resistance and some um in the future we may even have medications that can upregulate our metabolism but these mag these are not magic pills that are causing our body to just magically burn fat or they're not going to just you know help your body to lose weight by itself it's primarily working through appetite regulation reducing hunger and cravings and then allowing the weight loss to occur because of that over time and you I think you answered this already but they don't directly cause muscle loss either correct right they're primarily targeting receptors in the brain and in the GI tract that are regulating um appetite and therefore allowing us to eat less if somebody then eats less protein and and ends up becoming less active then the risk of muscle loss is potential um but they're not directly causing muscle loss in it of itself there are receptors for glp1 throughout the body that have some potential anti-inflammatory benefits so there may be some benefits outside of weight loss in itself but a lot of the benefits that they cause on health are probably because of the weight loss but they are being studied for maybe even having some benefits Beyond just the the number that's changing on the scale but I would say the muscle loss risk is is a valid concern but it's not um it's it's possible to prevent it with the right lifestyle changes so then what is the future of glp 1es look like what what's what's coming out and is it going to be cheaper lot of stuff in the pipelines for sure I think uh hopefully costs come down I would assume that as competition increases costs will hopefully come down just with competition um but I would say the biggest stuff that we know that's coming out in the next few years we have um we know that the one oral version that is on the market out there uh is rib elsis which is approved for diabetes rib elsis we talked earlier about how these are not easily absorbed orally at all but rib elsis is designed with a particular snack mechanism that allows it to get absorbed through the gastric wall it's very complex so any of these companies out there selling glp1 gummies and stuff they're not going to have this complexity in there um but regardless rib elsis um at its current dosages for diabetes do not cause a lot of weight loss but they are studying it at much higher dosages like 50 milligrams and it does seem to have weight loss more closer to maybe what we GOI offers so that could be an option we'll see how that comes out as trials continue um there is a medication being made by um Lily called ororon which which is a non-peptide gp1 pill and that would be great because now it doesn't have any digestion issues where it's getting broken down and uh weight loss looks to be again around 15% or so so nothing definitely not better than tepati but an option for patients that perhaps don't need as much weight to lose or don't really want to do injections um outside of those two oral pills a lot of the other medications and trials are injectables and so we are I don't know if you just saw recently but smti just released a article explaining their trial for 7.2 milligram wobi which is like almost three times EXA and so they were now showing about 5% more weight loss at that highest dose and so that may now be an alternative option for patients if they're already on wovi and need more potency there we go um Nova noris is also studying the combination of stide with Krillin tide which combines gp1 same as what we have with wovi with um congren tide is a amalin peptide so that is another satiety hormone so another type of gastric hormone digestive hormone that benefits appetite control and maybe um the weight loss will be a bit closer to to zeeti in that case they're seeing around 22% there as well um that medication um should be hopefully coming out maybe by the end of the year by early next year um and then the I'd said the bigger the other exciting one that's in the pipeline is redit true tide which is from Lily it combines um glp one and Gip just like Zep bound but it also adds on a triple Agonist Medic or aspect called glucagon and by targeting three receptors with this one peptide it's showing even more weight loss and so that's exciting I believe they were looking at you know between 25 and 30% weight loss potentially and so um we already know about glp1 and Gip but the glucagon agonism seems to cause potential to increase energy expenditure which would be exciting we're not just decreasing input we're actually increasing output and so that medication will be exciting and we'll see how that impacts things like fatty liver potentially even more as well as just benefiting those for weight loss everything again is pros and cons and side effects but we have some really exciting stuff in the pipeline and that's just a few of many well so as a prescriber when you have more options and it sounds like they made some may be more effective for some people and there's different sure places they may work I mean is that exciting to you I mean what what does care look like five years from now then yeah I think we're going to get a lot more options certainly in the world of obesity medicine we didn't have many choices before and we'll talk maybe a little bit about what other options are out there but beyond injectables and gp1s but um the future is going to be much brighter with much more effective medications than what we've ever had already now realized and hopefully more personalized care I think there's some talks about how each person is different and the we like we talk about these trials there's some people lose 5% there's some people lose 50% we'll be able to hopefully figure out if there's genes that correlate with why somebody responds better to this medication versus this medication yeah that'd be cool and there's talks about different phenotypes and hungry brain versus hungry gut versus slow metabolism and and targeting the right medication to the right person could really be gamechanging and allowing for more personalized care and better outcomes and you know you can find the right fit for each person but I think in Lily was talking about they saw a Contin of care where you maybe you still started out if you had a lot to lose on an injectable and then you as you progressed along maybe you went to the pill and they would just have options that fit where you were in your weight loss Journey kind of personalized care and like you said maybe what they're using to lose weight initially can be different once they're in maintenance and so more tools will be better for providers to use and for patients to hopefully have access to and uh hopefully competition you have to hope that the pill versions will be a little bit cheaper because they're not having to be manufactured in specific pens and kept cold in files and and uh let's hope that the competition allows for better pricing but more options will always be a better thing for patients so you mentioned other options for weight loss care so other medications there's certainly surgeries and all kinds of things sure yep um there arec surgery certainly is an option um for patients that have BMI exceeding 35 or 40 um but I also don't want to downplay there are other older medications for that we've used for weight management that are still effective for some patients they don't get the the Limelight of gp1s and they're by average not as effective as the glp1 type medic medications for sure um but in our experience dating back to fenine came out in 1959 that's still a decent medication it's a bit of a stimulant it reduces hunger and Cravings um it's a pill form um you know weight loss can be around eight% or so and trials not bad sometimes higher um ferine was actually combined with Topiramate and called IIA and that's considered to be probably the most effective um non-injectable medication that we have and the fenine and Topiramate work synergistically to regulate appetite and cravings and weight loss can be up to 12% perhaps in the trials um so those are two valid options cmia runs about $100 a month if insurance doesn't cover it so it's not outrageous and fenine by itself is often around $15 because it's a generic medication it's been around for so long I mean that one that one kind of that was like finish right that that was a little scary good question so fenfen back in the 80s combined fenine with fenfluramine and the fenfluramine aspect was found to cause a heart valve defect and that was banned and taken off the market but fenine by itself was found to be safe and is still approved and around and there have been ongoing trials with cmia showing safety and benefits on not just weight but even Health outcomes too so reassuring there for sure it wouldn't be used on a patient if they are already on a stimulant like Aderall or if they have any cardiovascular issues issues like atrial fibrillation but it's it's a violable option for some patients outside of those medications we also have orat which is available over the counter as Ally it's a it's a lipace inhibitor so it prevents your body from breaking down dietary fat and so instead of absorbing it you pass it through unfortunately that can lead to GI issues and the weight loss isn't very exciting so we don't use that too often but it's out there um there's also medication called Contra which combines buproprion with nxone and that combination seems to work well for emotion leading um probably around 5 to 7% weight loss potentially it it doesn't get a ton of attention but it is for the right patient can be a good fit as well and so we have options and and the one um older brother of we GOI is saak Sunda which came out in 2015 and that was lorag tide it's a daily injection it's still around and it's approved for obesity um weight loss was around 7even to eight% and uh nowadays it's hard to get too excited about it because with we go V and Zep bound achieving triple the weight loss and um being weekly injections it's uh we have better options for the most part but there are tools on tool SE some generics on that there are yeah unfortunately the generic prices are still quite high but hopefully that gets down over time too and again competition will be beneficial so you have a lot of options in your toolkit if I if I walk in and say help me with this weight thing exactly I think if somebody doesn't have coverage don't let that mean there's no options for me there are other options and hopefully your provider can get into this discussion and find the right tools in the toolkit for you these are tools in the toolkit it's no perfect fix and if one doesn't work that doesn't mean another one may work better and so just like any medication for blood pressure or for cholesterol there's if something's not working we should tweak things hopefully again lifestyle changes are being made along with this um but don't get discouraged there's a lot of options out there already and there's going to be more and more to come well and we've heard from a number number of our viewers that their insurance companies wanted them to try some of those medic before they got sure to a seaglide or to Zepp talk about that yeah depending upon the insurance plan some do say has the patient tried and failed you know XYZ it may be lifestyle modifications it may be more affordable generic medications and um certainly if if it's required you may need to try that if it works great um but if you're not seeing progress or you're having any um side effects like insomnia perhaps with the stimulants um tell your provider because then they can now tell the insurance that the patient didn't tolerate that particular medication and now that may help them to get approval for uh things like Zep Bound for example so um there are definitely options and it's always tough when insurances Force providers to have to play the rules according to how they want them to be played um but we you know most Medical Weight Loss providers will do our best to advocate for patients to get the right medication that we think is the right fit for them so it sounds like an exciting time in your profession it's very exciting you know I I've been in the this field for about a decade and previous to working at transition and previous to becoming a PA I I worked in medical weight loss and fitness nutrition and work at toughs and research and and it's uh it's exciting to see the evolution that we're seeing for medications and patients who have tried and failed um for so many years now finally have hope and it's so exciting and it's rewarding to work with patients day in and day out and see them getting healthier feeling better gaining that confidence back the non-skill victories of their health getting or they're fitting into uh you know they didn't ask to ask have to ask for a seat Bel Extender on the plane they can go up a flight of stairs their knees aren't hurting now all these things are just so profound and it's so powerful to have patients feeling these benefits and I'm excited to help patients to get there and oftentimes when we treat their weight we're also treating their health and that's the the core of a lot of Health aspects too so it's it's very rewarding no it's been rewarding for Loren I can tell you I mean it we started out I think like a lot of people with these medications pretty skeptical about whether or not it was going to work because you know we've been sold particular rain it's been sold snake oil that she was going to lose for the last 30 years sure sure there's so much di industry out there that's unfortunately like that well I mean so the fact that these just worked and I mean I wouldn't I would never call this cheating because I I think it's it's a it's a lot of cost it's a lot of work there's a lot of things going on but it works and it's not insurmountable it just works yep people ask us you know what's the tip well the tip is take the shot sure then take it again next week and then take it again trust the process right I think to your point you know unfortunately there's a lot of stigma and bias out there not just from providers but from friends and family who judge people right like oh why are you using that medication that's a cop out can't you just work a little bit harder and you know there are sometimes celebrities out there like Jillian Michaels who will unfortunately bash these medications and and it's unfair these people are certainly trying and struggling and patients with obesity should be treated with the same respect as a patient with any other chronic comorbidity and so we are not thinking of these as a as a quick fix or some magic pill they're tool in the toolkit but they're a powerful tool and a patient using this medication should be thought of no differently than a patient who needs use a blood pressure medication to help with their blood pressure it's it's designed to be you know working along with their lifestyle changes but um I think at the end of the day if a person wants to tell others about their on the medication great if they don't want to tell others then that's okay too it's your personal journey and don't feel like you have to U make everybody else around you agree with you um each person's different and but don't ever feel ashamed for using a medication to help with your weight it is beyond willpower here and you deserve to have a tool that can help and you could be crazy like lar and I start a YouTube channel exactly see it can be motivating to help other people realize the journey too uh you know if you had told me two years ago I was going to have a YouTube channel talking about weight loss and I was gonna say my weight live and in person every week up down good bad different sure I would have laughed at you here we are honest and upfront just explaining your journey that's awesome well Joe I appreciate you coming on is there anything we missed that you want to add or we cover a lot of good topics I hope this is helpful for people just to kind of answer some commonly asked questions things that you've been thinking about things you may not have considered but hopefully now learned a little bit more about um again certainly talk to your provider or work with a medical weight loss provider who can help you um it's we we're here to help and at the end of the day each person's journey is different but uh hopefully the more education we can get out there both for patients and providers the more people can become aware of how these work and how to work them the most effectively I appreciate it Joe if you haven't already take a moment like subscribe hit that Bell it'll alert you every time we publish something make sure to Jo join us most Wednesday nights for our downsize live stream you can come on and we chat and ask answer questions ask questions do the best we can so that's us for today Joe thank you very much for joining us on the downsize we appreciate your insights and we'll see you next time thank you

- Everything You Know About Weight Loss Is Wrong | Professor Explains: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] if you present people with a larger portion they eat more food now it sounds obvious right but that's telling us something really important what it's telling us is the things that are controlling appetite are outside of us okay so Professor Gil thank you very very much for joining me today um probably a good starting point if you don't mind would be just if you don't mind introducing yourself where you work and what your kind of key research interests are hi Owen yeah please pleased to be you here um so I'm Professor Jason guilt I'm a professor of cardom metabolic Health at the University of Glasgow I've been at the University of Glasgow for just over 25 years now um so my work is on how physical activity diet obesity sleep all these sorts of factors influence your risk of chronic disease and uh mortality so both risk of developing the disease and how they might influence management of the disease and they kind of have three real buckets of research the first is epidemiology everyone knows what epidemiology is postco so it's large population studies trying to understand which factors influence People's Health in the future and interestingly why things like how much physical activity you do or how much you weigh might have different effects on your health depending on who you are so different people have different healthy body weights might need to do different amounts of physical activity the second bucket is around understanding the biological mechanisms via which things like diet and exercise influence um how your body works so I do things where I take feed people food get them to exercise take blood samples might take little bits of muscle out their leg or little bits of fat out their tummy and uh and look at their metabolism in in quite a lot of detail and then the third bit is developing and evaluating interventions to help people change their health behaviors in a more positive way um so we might try and do new ways of increasing physical activity for example that people might find more easy to build into their day um and it might be very large scale trials um in the real world to try and get people to become more active and stay more active so I think that covers most of it um there's various other things I do as well but that that covers the research that's the me and thanks listen there's a lot to cover the purpose of this podcast was to to to access experts across the various life pillars and yours kind of really merges quite a few so there'll be quite a lot to this but I'm I'm just looking forward to picking out as much uh wonderful stuff as we can so before we just jump right in can I just uh check with you any Financial disclosures that you want to to let the listeners know about so my research is funded it's generally funded by research Charities or government organiz ation so I've been funded by uh for example research councils in in the United Kingdom I've been funded by diabetes UK uh the British Heart Foundation the European commission uh people like that um I've had a little bit of um research from Pharma companies in the past looking at things around physical activity um and and and and diet um but um yeah that's so I've got a mixed portfolio of of of of fund of funders brilliant well look let's just sum right in let's set the scene so your interest is primarily cardiometabolic health and it looks like the rate of cardiometabolic disease is significantly Rising despite us never being more informed as wealthy as good a Health Care system as connected what's going on what is what are we doing wrong so so I think over the past say 50 years our our environment has changed um we um live in a different environment now compared to what we lived in previously and I think when you look at population he shifts and health we have to look to the environment um because people talk about genes but our genes really haven't changed over the last 50 years or so so it's changes the environment G genes are important because the same change in environment might have a different effect on health depending on your genes so some people are more susceptible to um an obesogenic environment um for example so I think what the environment's done is over time it means that uh um obesity um has has increased so people are getting heavier and we know that there are a range of adverse consequences um associated with obesity for example the rates of type 2 diabetes which is largely caused by people carrying too much fat for them and we'll maybe talk about later what that means because it's different in different people um the rates of obesity going up as as as large as largely driven that um and the rates of obesity going up are largely due to changes um in the environment around us and just to be clear when you say environment it's not obviously weather system it's I presume it's diet it's SED life so we think it's mainly it's mainly due to differences in what we eat um a little bit in what we in terms of what we do in terms of how how much we move our bodies how much we move our bodies is important in in a number of different ways and we'll maybe come on to that but in terms of why the population is getting heavy it's largely due to differences in the amount of food and types of food that we eat I think let's start with insulin sensitivity if that's okay now I've heard I read from One Source a reputable source that that is playing a significant role so tell me a little bit about insulin sensitive and again keeping it kind of kind of what are the basics for a kind of you know general population okay so insulin is the hormone which controls your blood sugar level so it's released by the pancreas ious in response to um right raises and sugar levels in the bloodstream and and what does it what it does is it opens up and channels in peripheral tissues mainly muscle to allow sugar to go into it it also has a number of other effects it it shuts down the liver's production of of of glucose when you've got high levels of glucose in the in in in the circulation that's that's a good thing because your liver is producing glucose overnight when you've not eaten any food to keep your blood sugar levels um at appropriate level but when you've eaten something it doesn't need to do that so it shuts it down it also has effects on the way that your body handles fat so it's it's it's a hormone which controls a number of different different body systems and what we say that if your insulin is working well you need a you need quite a small amount of insulin to have those effects so if you're insulin sensitive you need a small amount of insulin to control your blood sugar levels if you're insulin resistant it means the insulin is working less well so you need more of it to have the same effect so in order to keep your blood sugar levels under control your pancreas needs to secrete more insulin and we we see that this this insulin resistance State um is is important in terms of um uh risk of type 2 diabetes which is the what we used to call adult onset type um diabetes but also is related to a number of other diseases um particularly um cardiovascular disease and there's there's some evidence that it might be increasing risk of other conditions as well just when you mention that I I read again recently and you've got to be careful what you read and where you reading where where your sources of information are but again quite reputable but it was quite interesting I hadn't realized that perhaps insulin sensitivity is relevant in conditions like polycystic ovary disease Alzheimer's disease even some cancers Etc is that what you were alluding to there so so so it seems to be there's a range of conditions that when you're being insulin resistant might either um increase the risk of having them or make them worse if you've got them it was an interesting kind of um take home point for me because there are a lot of conditions well maybe not polycystic OV disease I don't know the data on that but heart disease obesity cancers you know Alzheimer's they're all increasing in in in prevalence now yeah so presumably insulin resistance is not the only Factor but presumably it is insulin resistance is rising pres yeah so so I think one of the important things is to look at the direction of causality so I think most of the evidence suggests that obesity leads to insulin resistance and it's that direction so so the first thing is you have positive energy balance um your body um um stores more more fat and particularly if you store fat it um beyond what your sub subcutaneous fat stores can can can handle That's What Makes You insulin resistant and insulin resistance increases the risk of other diseases it isn't I think most the evidence suggests it isn't the other way around that being insulin resistant you're insulin resistant first and then you get then you become obese I think the direction for for most people in most cases it's increase in weight leads to insulin resistance and obviously insulin is primarily or a huge part of its function is around sugar glucose control so how much of this is caused by sugars in the diet is is is it more complex in that or is that still one of the primary kind of uh reasons for this so it's interesting we think of we think of insulin as a hormone which controls your blood sugar levels this in some ways is a quirk of History it's that's what the first thing they found that insulin does but insulin actually controls a lot of other things um it's a very important regulator of fat metabolism for example um insulin will um suppress the production of um very low density lipoproteins which is the big triglyceride fat containing particles produced by the liver um so if you're if you're insulin resistant that doesn't happen as much so it means that you have um higher levels of circulating triglyceride in your in your bloodstream um and this can uh this how can I phrase this um this increases the interactions of the fatty particles in your blood vessel walls which can lead to the buildup of of of aparatus plucked it also has effect on um the levels of HDL in your bloodstreams people talk about having what we call an atherogenic lipoprotein phenotype and this is the this is the lipid or lipoprotein profile associated with obesity so what this is is um an increased level of triglyceride in a bloodstream um a lower concentration of HDL cholesterol um and small dense LDL so LDL low density lipoprotein is the is is the is is the primary atherogenic lipoprotein and if these particles are small and dense um what what happens is um they are even more atherogenic um people talk about Appo so the thing differen in sort of your LDL colesterol and your Appo is the LDL cholesterol measures the total amount of cholesterol contained in the LDL particles whereas your Appo gives you a measure of the number of particles so if you have um if you have small dens LDL you have the cholesterol distributed between a larger number of smaller particles and we think that that's important and that's why people sometimes say well Appo is a good measure um over and above your cholesterol concentration or your alal cholesterol concentration because it gives you a measure of the number of particles and these smaller denser particles are more atherogenic okay well then presumably like you said I think you mentioned obesity is one of the main factors or contributors to insulin resistance so presumably diet and exercise play a huge role in that I'm not sure if it's the only thing is it as simple as energy in energy out or is there more to it than that um I mean is as simple as energy in energy out on one level um and I'm going to unack that a little bit so so so to gain weight you need to be consuming more calories than you burn that's physics thermodynamics you can't you can't change it the the issue is or the complication is the the calories you eat in food things that that don't tell you the whole story so if you if you eat food which contains a certain number of calories so let's say um sweet corn and you look at the 100 calories worth of sweet corn that you eat and then you look at the toilet the next day you'll see that your body didn't use all 100 calories of that sweet corn so the calories in that your body used was less than the calories available in the food and it's the calories that you your body uses that are important not the calories that your body eats um so that that's one factor where calories in might not be um exactly right in terms of the calories your body uses um the next is is the two sides the energy balance equation are not independent of each other so when you eat food your metabolic rate goes up we call it the thermic effect of of of food um and the amount your metabolic rate goes up this is about 10% of your total calorie burn over the day by the way um the the extent to which it does go up depends on the food you eat so the thermic effect of food for protein is higher than it is for fat for example so if you eat protein foods your body needs to use more calories to process the the protein to get into a form your body can actually you use the next thing that we need to to think about is if you um say Don't eat very much food you eat very very small amounts of food it might change your physical activity so you might feel tired and do less activity throughout the day so it's influencing your your energy expenditure and then conversely if you um eat if you if you burn lots and lots of calories so you run a marathon or something you'll probably feel a bit hungrier um and you'll eat some more calories the evidence is you don't feel hungrier to replace all of them but you do you do get a feedback and there's one more point I'm going to make before before I stop before I go to the next complication is that the type of calories you eat probably influences how many calories you'll eat in the future as well so for example if you eat um I don't know lentil right or you eat jelly babies you eat the same number of calories of both you'll probably eat more calories for your next meal or eat your next meal earlier if your meal was jelly babies compared to if your meal was lentils so so there's a whole host of an inter relationships which complicate this this on the on the surface of it simple energy in energy out complication and there's another level of complication but I will remind me to come back to it in a minute I certainly will is it just calories and calories what I mean by that if I ate the same calories of jelly beans and the same calories of lentils every day for six months I know you can't you know you wouldn't survive but would would you be the same size would that person be the same size with the same amount of calci how much does the type of food impact is that an extra confusion an extra kind of factor to take into account I'm just thinking process the thing is you wouldn't eat the same number of calories because the lentils would make you feel Fuller so you'd eat fewer calories so if you do this so theyve done really neat studies where you can swap in and swap out different types of food so you can let's say uh neat studies where you say well what happens if you give people more sugar to eat right and you can do that in two different ways one is you give people diets and just give them more sugar and you say just eat some more sugar but you don't say how much you just give them jelly babies right and then you find that if you do that people gain weight but the other way you can do it is you say I'm going to give you more jelly babies but I'm going to take something else out of the diet at the same time so the number of calories you consume stays the same I'm going to give you 400 calories of jelly babies and I'm going to take out 400 calories of weat ofix at the same time or whatever it is um other brands apply right so I I I can you do that and if you do it that way you don't gain weight so if you ate the same number of calories of lentils and jelly babies the weight should broadly be the same the the problem is eating the jelly babies doesn't make you feel as full so you eat more of them so so what's causing the weight gain with certain foods isn't anything special and Magic about the foods it's just with certain foods you eat more calories because don't make you feel full and then you eat more foods and um that story I told you about swapping in Sugar either adding it in or swapping it for something else the same story is true with fat you can add in fat or swap it um and you get the exactly the same story if you add in the extra calories um and you get people to eat add libitum not saying you eat as much as you want to You'll eat more calories but if you just swap it and you keep the calories the same you don't gain weight so so it is the positive en balance that's causing the weight gain it's just that certain foods the way that certain foods are set up today is we eat more calories there there's a couple of reasons for well I I'll talk about two simple Concepts first and we can we progressively complicate this so the first is portion size if you present people with a larger portion they eat more food now it sounds obvious right but that's telling us something really important what it's telling us is the things that are controlling appetite are outside of us do I mean if we had a a perfect switch in our body that told us you're feeling full stop eating now it shouldn't matter how much food's on the plate because you're full and you just stop eating um my my kids do it my kids are sort of two and seven and they'll stop eating I'm feeling full they W as adults we don't seem to do that so if we are presented with a bigger portion you find that people eat more what you also find is people if you ask people on a scale of one to 100 how big the meal is you kind of say 100 the biggest meal you've ever eaten hundreds people recognize it's bigger they'll score it higher so they know it's a bigger meal it's it's not they're not aware it's a bigger meal but they they still eat more food now the the the really intriguing thing is um Barbara rolls and colleagues a study a few years ago really really neat study where what she did is she got people into to eat all their meals essentially um in a in a cafeteria for 11 days twice um and on one occasion random order on one occasion she gave everybody normal siiz portions and then on the other occasion she gave them portions that 50% bigger right so they com in 11 days in a row and what you find is if you feed people bigger portions day on day on day on day on day they eat well food so it isn't like oh gosh I had loads yesterday I'm absolutely stuffed I'm going to eat that they don't so when people are presented with more food and that's one of the things people are talking about in the in the society today the portions are bigger it's changing a little bit now with shrink F FL I guess but um until until the last couple of years it was that people eat more they presented more food so that's one thing the second thing that I think is quite important is this concept of um energy density of food so energy density is the number of calories per gram or number of calories per 100 grams of food so for example if you take um a cucumber right 100 grams of cucumber has about 15 calories so not very many whereas 100 grams of chocolate chip cookies has about 450 right so 100 grams of cucumber has very few pure Cal and and what you find is if you give people foods which have a higher energy density so you give them a big bowl of cookies versus a big bowl of cucumbers we broadly this isn't quite right but you broadly eat to the same weight of food it's not quite right but as a first approximation right so that weight of cucumber versus the weight of uh cookies is very different so you to eat many many more cookies so these two things about energy density and um portion size are really really important I think that that that has that has an effect um so I talk about Ultra processed foods so yes you can't ignore all of these rates rising of disease that have coincided also with you know a a change in industrialized food processing so it it gets a bad rep I don't know tell us what we need to know Al Pro is really interesting so so so so the concept it's called the no NOA the Nova noova food classification I'm not sure why it's called Nova but but they got sort of four different classifications so one is the most unpress food so you've got um sort of meat or um I think milks in no categorizer category one and then Category 2 is kind of minimally processed so you might make milk into butter or cheese um so those sorts so you might make uh wheat into flour that's kind of category two and category three is processed foods like making bread or something like that and then they got this category four which they called ultr processed foods and the idea with ultra processed foods is it industrially produced foods that are um there's things about sort of additives and various things that and the idea is the ultra processed foods aren probably good for you so I'm going to put in a few caveats first so one of the caveats is I think the Nova classification is not quite right I'm I'm not saying anything that's some controversial maybe is cont a lot of people think no calcification is not quite right because for example baked beans which is pretty healthy breaked beans are sort of high in fiber not too energy dense um quite nutritionally dense um they on that classification would be ultra process so they are in the same category as chocolate muffins right um and it's not quite right that they're in the same category um so a lot of ultra processed foods are high fat high salt high sugar and we know that those things are bad for us um and and there's there's there is a um a contention about whether you need another code to say high fat high salt High Sugar's bad for you but Kev Kevin Hall who you really should get on your on your podcast um has done some remarkable studies where he he's up in uh Maryland in and he works for the NIH in America in Betha um he has this metabolic Ward where he gets people to come in um for weeks on end and he feeds them all their food and he measures their metabolic rate and he put just body scans and so we did a study where we got people in random orders who have two weeks of eating uh a diet which was mainly unprocessed Foods or a diet with a similar amount of protein carbohydrate in fact it was mainly ultr processed foods and what he found is that on the diet with ultr processed foods people ate more calories and they gained weight and the gaining weight was exactly related to the extra calories they burned so it wasn't there was anything special about additives that made you fat it was the ultr processed foods were um um you ate more of them when you're presented with them and it's the extra calorie so it's just like sugar makes you fat by eating more calories make you fat it's not that sugar per se is is important eating too many fat calories makes you fat in the same way um and and and one of the things that he found and I I think if you speak to Kevin he will say they don't have a complete understanding of it was people the a key difference was people ate the ultra processed foods faster if you looked at the speed of eating they they eat it faster um and this might be to do with um the softness of the foods and the mouth feel means it's really ug read it really fast um and others have done studies where they've quite quite neat studies where they can change the hardness of foods and what happens is when foods are harder you eat them slower and you eat less of them but one of the reasons that's important is your gut sends appetites back to your brain to tell you that you're full but they there's a bit of a delay so it doesn't happen St away you know that if you eat a big meal and then half an hour later you're feeling really Bill and Bloated and stuff and you at until you were feeling full at that point it's because there's a delay in these feedback Sensations for for for telling you you're full so what happens is you eat the foods faster you you it it it bypasses your your your appetite signals a bit so I think that that's at least potentially some of the story why some ultr processed foods um might be associated with weight gain it's just they're really really easy to eat fast um and you and you gain weight I mean there's going to be more story than that but that that's at least a partial explanation of what might be going on no that's very helpful no I should say I presume there's other reasons that Ultra processed food might not be good for you a lot of on natural ingredients and stuff and we will we will find someone maybe to to to Really delve into that in a bit more detail but from a kind of insulin resistance obesity point of view I think that's very very helpful actually is that fair so with ultra process food I think most of it is probably the fact that for whatever reason they encourage you to eat more calories and it's eating the more calories it's important I'm less convinced by anything to do with specific additives I think some of the processing which might make the food softer and easier to eat is probably important because it helps you to eat more calories I think that I think that's most of it it would be good for you to get somebody who who kind of um is really focused on all process FS but I think that's most of it um so I think as a rule of thumb saying you probably want to eat fewer Ultra processed foods I think that's a reasonable rule of thumb but I don't think it's a hard and fast rule because I think things like um baked beans and fish fingers are actually pretty healthy foods that are class as Ultra processed foods and they're not the same as eating crisps and ice creams for example I don't think that's the same thing and I think putting them all under one umbrella I think might not be the most helpful but with with all of these things right you find that um I can't remember who it says because all all models are wrong some models are helpful right so it's so if it's a helpful shorthand to say I'm going to try and reduce these Foods I think that's helpful um but I think it's not a case of this is ultra process therefore it's bad I think if you take it to the the the extreme I think it doesn't quite work but saying yeah eating those crisps and everything might might not be might not be such a good thing to eat all the time I think that's a reasonable thing to say yeah well that's kind of the purpose of stress free longevity I mean I don't want to go around checking packets counting calories you know know counting portions but I would quite value for me and this is just me and there may be some others like me um who would just like some key principles that maybe yeah if I do I'll you know that and I don't have to obsess too much but that's kind of you know I push back a little bit I think you do need to check brackets not forever but until you learn I think it's helpful to say do understand how to read a food label and understand the carbohydrate protein and fat understand energy density and then once you know that this particular food is in this category you don't need to look at the label again but I think you do I think going round J supermarket and looky at label go I didn't realize I thought that was healthy that's got 400 calorie like a lot of time people talk about oh well I thought these NE these um granola bars were really healthy and they realized 400 calories per 100 gram they go I didn't realize that and they wouldn't have they wouldn't have picked that up because it has a this halo effect and they kind of say it's high in protein or something like that or anything oh that's great and and then you so so I think you do need to learn how to read labels I know that you have to do it for I don't I don't read labels very often anymore unless it's a new food but it's because I kind of know what's in most food well I know it's in most of the foods I regularly eat already um so I think it's something you might need to do for a while the next one I wanted to ask you about was well let's go to sugars um there's some people that believe insul resist like I said maybe our diet's a little bit too heavy and sugar what's your thoughts on that I think insulin resistance is mainly caused by by how heavy you are or being too heavy for you so some some people are able to get heavier before they start to have un healthy consequences and some people not um but I think that's the main driver if you are thin you can eat all the sugar you want and you got a very flat response I I don't so so it's not the sugar per se it's the positive energy balance that eating too much sugar can cause so eating too much sugar means because it's really easy to eat um it's it's easy to eat too many calories and that's a consequence so I think the reason not to eat sugar is because it'll help you not to gain weight or to maintain a healthy body weight there is a slight caveat two slight caveats one is if someone's already got type 2 diabetes um the argue that where you're not very able to control your blood sugar at all you might want to recommend a slightly different diet with which causes less and sugar than than somebody who's in the general healthy population but the main reason we want to eat less sugar is sugar often is energy dense it's those reasons rather than sugar per se being a problem um we've done some epidemiological research using UK biacks the people who are thinnest in the population eat the most sugar and and and um so the people who are thinnest eat the most sugar and the least fat and the people who are biggest eat the least sugar and the most fat so is it's a um so sugar sugar is important and restricting sugar particularly in sugary drinks is a helpful thing to do um I think there's risks associated with narrowing the whole discussion to say Sugar's the enemy and we don't want to have sugar because I think there's risk that means that you have blind spots for all sorts of other things in the diet as well so I think we have to be holistic and not just say it it's sugar that's the bad thing yeah and what about are all sugars equal there's a few points that really point so there so you got sugars which are simple sugars and then starches which are lots of sugars which are connected together in a chain so your potatoes and your pasta and your bread are kind of starches and your uh sugary drinks and your sweeties and chocolate are are the are the simple sugars um so that's a broad classification we sometimes consider this thing called glycemic index which is how much eating that food causes your blood sugar level to rise so for example lentils are quite a lot of carbohydrate in right starches um but they don't cause your blood sugar R to rise very much when consuming sugar does so it's not all carbohydrates are equal and we have to consider not just the macronutrients so uh carbohydrate protein and fat but often the quality of the macronutrients so if you've got um a high carbohydrate food which has lots of fiber associated with it like brown rice or um lentils that's really very very healthy whereas eating spoonfuls of table sugar isn't right you might have similar carbohydrates so so it's not just the carbohydrate content if you look at the epidemiology and look at risk of mortality from all causes what you find is the lowest risk in the population are people who have about between 40 and 55% of their calories from carbohydrate so people with higher amounts of carbohydrate than that have a higher risk of mortality and people with lower so people who have these very very low carbo low carbohydrates are at higher risk of mortality I think we have to to bear that in mind so so the sweet spot for carbohydrate is half or just under half of your calories that you consume are are are are carbohydrate but within that you probably want to focus more on more low glycemic carbohydrates um which have more fiber associated with them and less uh sweeties and um and and and and and sugary drinks so it's it's not just the amount of carbohydrate I think going to a a very low level of carbohydrate is probably not optimal no thank you very much let's talk about fat because again there's been this there's there again very conflicting opinions on this so is there any way to simplify this and kind of remove sort of confusion I think just like carbohydrates aren't all the same fat fats aren't all the same so we can have two distinctions really which are overlapping so one is saturated fats so these are generally um fats like you getting butter and meats and stuff like that are um associated with with high with higher risk of adverse consequences than unsaturated fat so olive oil for example is is is very healthy and I've done research trying to understand how olive oil for example lower LDL lowers LDL cholesterol um and similarly plant-based fats seem to be healthier on average than than than animal based fats so again it's uh a moderate amount of fat in the diet is probably is probably optimal but probably lowering the level of um plant-based sorry with um animal-based and saturated fat would be the optimal situation with dietary fat it's not less it's not not talk little less possible but it's a type of fat that you want to eat what about low fat foods do you have any particular comment depends depends what type of lowfat food it is so an apple is a low fat food an apples well one well one a specific mean is the lowfat version of a high fat product now I've heard a lot of people and quite respectable people say the high fat version is probably healthier um I I'm not sure where you sit on this on this debate um back in the 70s 80s we kind of thought well Fat's the culprit we're going to take fat out the diet um and um so people started formulating lower fat versions but in a similar way to now some people think sugar is a single issue that we need to think about for getting other other components of diet it was kind of similar back then batter is the single bad thing so we forget other things they kind of did various formulations to make say a cake palatable with not very much fatten that kind of leaves you down the ultra process type Pro um thing where you kind of put in more sugar and you do various things to to mean that the foods are still very energy dense um and um so that they're not necessarily healthier but the the low fat gave a health Halo that people thought it was a good thing because fat is the enemy um similarly like sugar is the enemy today so so I think we need to look at the foods in the round and consider the the energy density the calories per 100 grams um sometimes a lowfat food might do other things and also the the quality of the of the fats and and and the carbohydrates involved so I don't think it's as simple as saying low fat it's better than than than than the higher fat very do you know I'm sorry I realize as a listener you think oh gosh every single answer is it depends right and here was me trying to make it all simplified yeah some something dep I mean so so I mean having an apple or a or don't I mean like vegetables are naturally low fat and and pasta and things like that I think when you have the the the I mean this is why where the where the ultr processed um rul of thumb can become helpful but there are some ultr processed lowfat foods that will be good for you it's just it's harder to navigate can I ask you and then I'm going to go on on to well what's maybe some of your recommendations or what's your thoughts on fasting so obviously the late Michael Mosley and what's your feelings on periods of fasting we hear it makes mice live longer and do you have any strong opinions I'm not talking about like two days I'm talking about this kind of you know 12 hours 16 hours do you have any strong thoughts and and not even thoughts I mean is there absolute evidence you know yeah so yeah yeah so that's that's quite interesting so I know Michelle Professor Michelle Harvey from the University of ma she some she some someone know quite well we're we're working together she she's the person actually did the research on the on the 52 diet um that Michael mly popularized and um I think it's it's important to actually shout out the researchers who did the original work as well um so the evidence is fasting is a way that some people find to be helpful to take calories out the diet so the idea is if you are only's say the 52 but it's the same if you have time restricted eating if you're only making yourself able to eat for eight hours a day rather than 16 hours a day you will on average eat a little bit less food similarly if you have two days where you restrict energy and you don't go crazy on the other days that's the idea is you might find it easier and some people find it easier because you just have this narrow sort of focus and you don't need to think about it thinking really hard about it every day and it's so some people find it a good way to take calories out their diet there's lots of good ways some people find try to have a lower fat diet is a good way of taking your calories out some people find calorie counting some people find no carb it's taking calories out of the diet the evidence that it does anything over and above the fact that some people find it a good helpful tool that they can use to take calories out the diet I think is very limited interesting even the going into uh ketogenic you know like even like the body occasionally going into burning off a bit of um fat mode if you look at the longterm loss with diets so there was a nice Metro analysis done by Johnson a few years ago where they took so they did a Metro analysis what Metro analysis does is it kind of you systematically review take all the relevant papers so you don't just cherry pick one paper which has found a big effect because that's quite easy to do you kind of what you find is lots of variable things and you can quite easily tell a narrative that fits your preconceived idea by choosing this study not choosing that study so what a systematic review does is it includes all the relevant studies and you decide the criteria used to include them before you see the studies so you can't just say well that study doesn't doesn't conform with what I say so anyway when you do that and you look at one year what you find is weight loss on a low fat and a low carbohydrate diet is exactly the same about 7.25 kilos um so so so basically the the amount of weight people lose on both approaches is the same and the evidence is the biggest determinant of weight loss on a diet is how well you stick to it right and the thing is there's variability so some people might find a low carbohydrate diet easier to stick to some people might find a 52 easier to stick to or low fat diet easier to stick to um and the people that do well are the ones that stick to them so most of these diets will work in the same way um and I think the thing that people often don't do is be prepared to say well this one isn't working for me I'll try a different one um I think you have to give it long enough like a week's probably not long enough right but um you probably need to get used to it but but if after say a month or six weeks you find this isn't really working for me I'm not really losing weight and I'm hating it then then switch out to another one and find one that you like and this iterative n equals one might be might be a way that you find an approach that works for you I mean one of the odds that the first thing you try is going to be the right one I mean so many other things in life it hasn't been so why why why do you think that's going to be the case with diet well I would like to if you don't mind this leads in nicely to my next question which was I'd like you to give me some of your good principles for a healthy diet now diet in the different sense of the word I don't mean like a diet plan like a like a ketogenic I mean nutrition like a like a your general good daily living you know nutrition um because I would rather I kind of feel and again this is maybe wrong but it's just my impression that getting into diets might be the wrong mindset maybe not for everyone but it kind of inherently feels like it's going to be a short-term thing I'm I'm starting this diet that no one ever starts a diet thinking they're going to be on it for the next 45 years I'd rather try to find a healthy General Nutrition principles that that I that I feel like I can adopt for the rest of my life now I don't know if that's possible but that's what I want to try and find so with that in mind what would be some good starting points for me okay so so I'm gonna say a couple things I'm the cave out I'm going to rephrase that so there's two things um one is I mean um I think we have to I think long term I think you're exactly right um um I was listening to a podcast where it said we have too many hundred Day plans we need thousand Day plans so I think going in with this mindset this is something I'm going to do for a long time it's not just a quick fix I think there's differences between what you do to lose weight and what you do to maintain weight right so if you're saying I want to be just healthier there's a certain diet you want to follow and if you say I need to lose weight there is probably a certain diet you need to follow for a period of time and then move on to that and so it's not necessarily the same thing um so if we let's start with the principle that you want to lose weight first and then with the other bit about weight maintenance is the same for everyone but we'll do the so so so so for weight loss I think you probably need to do quite a lot um and you probably need to maybe be a bit more extreme than you might think so there's evidence for example called um in a study called the direct study which took people with type two diabetes and the idea was say Well if you get them to lose weight can you put their diabetes into remission so get their blood sugar levels outside the diabetes range without drugs and what that study used was these 400 Cal sorry 200 calorie meal replacement shakes the idea was you have four of these shakes 800 calories um total over the day um and you have that for between 12 and 20 weeks and then you kind of with a dietician reintroduce foods and keep it off um so that was really effective about half of people 4 to six% of people who took that diet on ruin diabetes remission at one year and there's similar studies that have been done in people who are just obese without diabetes so you get 10 to 15 kilos of weight loss so I think to try and lose weight initially I think going in quite hard is helpful the challeng is then is transitioning out of this into something that's sustainable over time so I think there's a few principles again it's principles rather than prescription um so one is the evidence suggests that for long-term weight maintenance having diets which are lower in glycemic index so eating lentils rather than jelly babies and having a bit more protein seem to be effective we know that ortion size is important so having sort of um as as smaller portions um and um thinking about energy density So reading labels and trying to sort of have more of your foods at lower energy density rather than higher inage density I think there's one hard rule I would give which is try and cut out liquid calories um a bit of a bit of a little bit of milk in your tea and coffee fine but probably don't have lates and cappuccinos don't have full sugar colas and drinks um don't drink fruit juice um because I think that's an easy win that's that's that's a discret thing and you can if if you're having a lot of that you can cut calories out quite quite easily so I think that would be my my one hard rule um and then it's around uh yeah lower glycemic index lower energy density a bit more protein not going sort of super super crazy um and trying to reduce portion sizes um other things that eating a bit slower to allow appetite to catch up um and one thing that I do and I know you disagree with this Owen is I roughly track calories I don't do every single calorie but I'll say that's a me that's about 500 calories because what I find is if I don't do that I can easily be a th000 calories over and just not notice it because a lot of food food consumption is um it's not completely conscious yeah and the other thing is if I get to 7:00 and I think well I'm over for the day I won't have something later on you know what I mean I'll just go go from 7 I'm bit hungry I'll just go and then you're fine by the morning but if I haven't tracked instead actually have consumed all my calories for the day I might have had a do you know I mean a slice of toast um but but I won't do that because I know that so that knowledge is helpful but I don't do everything I just I've been KN it for a while so I kind of know when I go that's about 400 calories and I kind of just but very roughly and I find I find that works for me and I know you don't like that but I think no but listen but but it will work for a lot of people I'm not trying to find a one siiz fo all there's no such thing but just for me I kind of feel like I don't want to do that so if I if I didn't want to do that would this work for me potentially by just wanting to generally minimize processed and primarily Ultra processed foods in my diet would that would that potentially achieve a similar lower calorie without probably in most people I mean the other thing is we know that feedback is important and some people say are never going to weigh myself right um I think we weighing yourself kind of want do but I think it's helpful so I I I pulled on a bit of weight after my kids were born right because it's just a d time and St not getting any sleep I know sleep's not thing you bring to you eat loads of crap when you don't get any sleep anyway um but so so I've kind of I've kind of Taken taken the weight off and now I'm gonna wait I'm I'm comfortable with but what I'll do is every week is I'll stand on the scales and if I'm a kilogram heavy I think I got to work a bit harder this week you know what I mean and if I'm to stay find I'm under control but if it's goes if it goes up bit I think yeah I need to work a little bit harder this week you don't notice a kilogram right unless you stand on the scales right um but that just kind of just just a little trigger for me go yeah just just work a little bit harder this week and then you find next week it's back down again um see so so I find that that Weekly weighing that loose tracking of calories um I'm also quite um I give myself a plan for doing physical activity in a week I try and do at least um three aerobic e sessions a week so I swim my bike I run one of each normally and two two sessions lifting heavy stuff and I try and do that as well and and I find if I do that Loosely Loosely track calories weigh myself once a week two resistance sessions in the gym three three arobic sessions a week I can keep my weight um in check and I'm and I and and I feel pretty healthy and strong brilliant well look we'll come to exercise specifically in a we minute um for some people tracking and fitbits and all of this stuff is necessary and I think it's goals and I'm just thinking for me it might not and anyone listening who feels oh I find it a bit pressure and but if you were to track something or would you go as far to say wait if you're going to track one thing is weight probably the one measure that would and it's not scientific it's not highly accurate I know but would it give you perhaps the best overall sense of Health yeah that's interesting having said that like I track Weight weekly think weight's not quite right and I'll tell you for why if you do if you start um a program where you're doing lots of exercise you often don't lose any weight like you might I mean the evidence is exercise only probably gives you an average one to two kilograms weight loss over six months not very much at all but what you find is if you put you someone who's done some and the studies have been done really neat studies where you get people to do lots of exercise getting them in the gym sitting on cyclomers doing an hour session time but they get to eat more food right so they make sure they don't lose weight and you put them in Mar scanner or or a CT scanner they've L they've lost huge amounts of fat right um and and we often see that people go to the gym and sort of start running haven't lost any weight but you find oh my trousers are falling down my belt Notch has gone in three holes right so so weight's not not quite right because you don't get the change in body composition particularly like waste is helpful um so you can either do waste using a tapee measure which actually is really hard to do it's really really hard to measure your waste actually uh CU if you depending on how high you measure you get different answers and but you know if your trial is a f looser right so so so I think some things around yeah if your belt goes out a notch then you're probably moving in the right direction if it goes in a notch you're probably moving in the right the right direction so so so so I think you can Loosely track things about how how your clothes fit how you feel you look in the mirror um I think you can do you can do generally over time um wait wait wait can be helpful um I I think there's there's different time scales for feedback so I quite like Steps because steps are pretty immediate right um and you can kind of get get things every day whereas weight's really slow if if you're trying to lose weight um you kind of I've been I've been flogging myself for a week and this number's only gone down by 0. five right so it's really hard and demoralizing so the steps are easy um wait Waits Waits much much slower you can you can calculate what you're eating on the day reasonably reasonably well and there's kind of two different things you can track the process how much you move or how much you eat which is immediate and you can track the result a change in weight or a change in how much weight you can lift or a change in how fast you can run right you can track the result which is slow or you can track the process which gets you there how much food you eat how much you do what you do in the gy you know what I mean so so the process I think is I think process goals are really really helpful because you can set one for every day my goal today is to whatever the goal is I'm going to say what x th000 steps or to go to the gym and do this or to whatever you you can set yourself a process goal for the day every single day and I think um what you find is if you go through the process and Trust the process the end goal the end goal will happen I I'll give an analogy let's say you're um wanting to compete in a high level sport right so every day you got to do your session you got to do your session then you get to the World Championships or the Olympics right your race is just your session for that day you know what I mean all you can ever do is what youve got in front of you today so I think trying trying to do something around what can I do today to be positive is good and um a concept that I think is a helpful one is the idea is like some days you're on some days you're off right some days you you it's it's easy some days it's really really hard and that's just life right in lots of things some days everything is just clicking and this is really easy some days it's hard and I think this concept it's someone else's concept that I'm just going to use I can't remember who who I heard it from but it's it's it's more than a zero so the idea on every day try to do something positive towards it just make sure you're doing more than a zero and then over time there's an increment and on good days you can do a bit more but make sure you got a baseline you kind of hit every day I don't know whe that's answered question or going to a completely different place no no no it's fantastic um I'm going to go back to what you said you mentioned about you know if you're losing weight you need you need to be more intensive and then maintain it do we know that you could just go to a maintenance good healthy diet and it'll just take longer or because you mention your thousand day plan CU I I think the reason I say this I think we we've all experienced this is sustainability yeah yeah we've all done diet we've all intensive gym memberships and then they last a couple of months so I'm kind of thinking now and this is more primarily for health not for weight loss I'm not a probably a little bit heavier than I should be but um I just want to make good decisions for my longevity um so I I like the Thousand day plan I'm kind of making more a 20 30 year plan can I have a less intense goal and just go this is going to take me longer and that's fine but you know if I stick maybe so so I'll tell you I'll tell you what the evidence is and I'll tell you some so the evidence is initial weight loss predicts long-term weight loss so the people that lose more weight at a month lose more weight at a year right oh interesting uh um so so initial weight loss predicts long to weight loss that's the first thing we know that um I'm not sure people have done the study exactly in the way that you've described though I think one of the challenges is humans like success so if you try and like losing weight is really hard and slow anyway right so seeing that number on the scale go down seeing that your belt's gone in a notch can actually spur you this is working I'm going to keep going right so so there's a motivational sort of thing but I found like I recently relatively recently just tried to get back into getting fit after my kids um I'll stop being babies um and you find when you like I know I mean I used to compete in sport I used to be a reasonable athlete the first six months was awful you you every session and you're not getting any better right and it's just hard it's just hard because I know in my head because I've been there before you need to get through this it's awful it's awful and then it gets good and now it's good right but you know you just have to get through this like I'm not getting better I'm flogging myself it just feels awful running I feel like I'm probably I can hardly move right and and um and if you're in a situation where you're not getting any positive feedback because you're making quite small changes is this really doing anything so I think there's an argument for doing something a little bit more yeah I'm getting to feedback um I'm getting fitter I'm kind of losing a bit of weight but the caveat on this is you kind of don't want to go in 100% I talk about 80% right you kind of want to be able so whatever you do today you want to be able to do tomorrow so you don't want to say oh gosh I can get through today but oh gosh I'm going to be there's no way I'm doing it again tomorrow you kind of need to end the day thinking yeah I can go again so you need to go like you're not trying to optimize you just trying to go well I'm going to go re reasonably but can do it again and again and again again so it's like your thousand day plan but kind of it's also just like oh well I think you just say I'm going to stop eating one spoon of sugar in my tea right and that's the change I choose in B that's not going to do very much um but the extreme is I'm not going to eat any food for a month right and that's probably too far but it's probably somewhere it's probably somewhere between the two okay so just a quick question that I had here a bit of a random jump um Frozen food any strong understanding of nutritionally any difference again the so this this isn't my area but from what I've read and from speaking of people who it is their area I think the frozen food might actually be a little bit better um and that's because what happens is all the nutrition and food like starts to sort of go away over time and what happens when you freeze it at this point you lock in all that nutrition so you kind of you get a berry or a pee that's only a few hours old and you freeze it you you've got the nutritional um components that related to that whereas if it's it's been sitting on the shelf for a week it might be a little bit less good so so so I think there's there's no reason certainly to think that frozen food less good for you um there might be issues around texture because cell walls get broken with freezing and stuff that it might not you might might it might not taste as nice but but nutritionally um I think it's going to be um at least as good fantastic well look another question that I had in my head recently was we we're seeing a lot of in the A&E I work in A&E but we're we're seeing not infrequently people presenting with side effects of semaglutide the question being and and this is a hard one again we we love quick fixes trying to tell someone a thousand day plan versus here's a drug start taking that you'll see differences probably next week or in a few weeks and semaglutide maybe is a is a quick fix which is great but maybe is it hiding the other things that we should be addressing so I was somebody who's into health behavior and uh wanting people to sort of change the food they eat and what they do and all these things um and I think the glp1 receptor dronist have changed the game I think they I think I think we're in a it's like a before and after situation I think the game has changed about how we manage obesity they were really really well they reduce risk of mortality they reduce the um uh adverse out comes with a whole host of other conditions which um are affected by weight being too high I think so I think they've changed the game and I think in the future when some of the early ones come off patent and they become cheaper that they'll be sort of really widely used so so so I think so I think they're really they're really good the um there's some caveats I think um the first is they appear to work while you're taking them um so so so so so I'm not sure I agree with your your frame a quick fix cuz it's kind of something you're going to have to do forever um you know I mean it's not like oh you take these for three months and then you're sorted but that's the thing do people know that who started you know they're buying them online and I don't think again like a like a diet no one's thinking I'm going to be on this for the rest of my life no one's thinking I'm going to be on that diet plan or that exercise plan for the rest of my life people have always been thin right people have always been thin are thin because the way that their appetite works it means that when they eat so they so they feel full they haven't eaten too many calories right that's why they're thin so they've got this perception because the way that their own Body Works that it's just willpower and these people look I can stop eating when I when I've so why can't you though in different people the way their appetite works is different so if you take something that's very big and they they they're eating until the same sensation of fullness as a very thin person but for them because their appe isn't working very well it means they're eating too much calories they're gaining weight and what the drug does is just helps put that back into perspective so that their appetite Works a bit more like the thin person's appetite works so then they just eat until they feel full and then that means it's an appropriate number of calories and then their weight sort of normalizes at an appropriate rate so what it what it's trying to do is is is address that so so I think sometimes people think that people are too heavy it's a bit of a moral failing that just need a bit of self-control and and willpower but but there's clear biology in the fact that some people find it easier or harder and what the what it does um helps so so so so you can do certain things like taking a low glycemic index diet and eating more protein and blah blah blah to to kind of help to help your appetite work a bit better and things that work well and you might on a good day with a following wind right be able to get someone to get 10 or 15 kill ligher than they are right and hold it that's it's a really really good outcome if you can get to that but if someone's 30 kg too heavy you ain't ever going to get there with diet and exercise you ever going to do it right you might in a very very odd case near the people who kind of get on cover of Slim's world or whatever you mean but but most people are not going to do that and and what the drugs do is give someone that opportunity to get to that point and I think and there are going to be side effects and people will have to consider um and and there is the issue about of longterm youth but but one of the things I'm interested in this it might give people an opportunity right so if you say let's say you weigh 130 kilos right and you find moving around hard because you weigh 130 kilos and so any exercise you do it just hurts and it's kind of it's really a thoroughly unpleasant experience but if you manage to lose 30 kilos with the drug you might find I actually quite like these things and you've got all these activities that become open to you that weren't open to you before right so you might find ooh I like walking in the Hills or I like canoeing you know I mean things that you would never ever think about and then that enables you to make that behavior change that might sustain over time which you could never make at that point because it just hurts too much I think the conception of someone is quite thin going through a run just does not understand how it feels like for someone that's very heavy and I think giving them the opportunity to experience that might help change their so so I think particularly if we can kind of put in Behavior change along inside it and not just having the tablet the the the the instructions as a as a as just on its own but say we'll use this as an opportunity I mean one of one of the things I used I was speaking to people from from one of the big companies and I think we can one of the ways you can frame it is like nicotine replacement therapy right so people that smoke you could just say stop smoking right but it's really really hard you got these Cravings right for for nicotine and what what what what it does is it basically quietens the mind of those Cravings so that you can put other things in place to enable you to form habits to enable you to do and then then basically over time you can wean off it and then you find it easier at that point that a cold turkey so you think about the the the chatter and the Cravings about eating food and it's really really hard to think about do I want carrots and everything like that when you've got this chatter saying cakes cakes cakes so if it can kind of just quieten down that chatter then you can say well look I'm the try it carrots and stuff like that because I don't have this thing and then you can kind of retrain your taste buds and get used to all these things kind of put in place the the behaviors that become a habit you might then have have an exit strategy I don't know but well that's that's the key I mean that that is I think a lot of doctors would say that that is a big problem with modern medicine is we put plasters on things and you know you go to and I shouldn't lump every doctor into this but if you go to a lot of doctors and you say I have heartburn you'll probably get an osol or whatever if you go and you've got high pressure you'll get a high blood pressure pill but not many doctors will then go look this is a short-term fix whilst we look at the reasons that you have high blood pressure and and and acid it just doesn't happen often as often as it should I shouldn't lump everyone in yeah and it's very likely going to be the same with this it's like here's semaglutide and I think that's really helpful I mean I I guess I mean you're the one that's working in the health surface I mean I appreciate the challenges kind of you got overwork and stuff like that and you have to do those things take more time um and so you kind of you don't have the capacity to do that um it it it'll be interesting to see how you could put those things in place I kind of like that concept you kind of do this thing to kind of solve the problem today but then it provides you with a framework to enable you to do the other thing that will solve the problem over the longer term I think we need to do both together and there's more than one I think one of the challenges I think in the space with obesity and behavior is people often sit in camps of one or other and um one of my favorite phrases is both and not either or both and and I think we can do both and that that's definitely I totally agree with you but the problem is it doesn't often happen like another one that just popped into my head is stattin yeah you know you have a thing that will fix this thing this number this whatever how many people in the world are on statens but aren't also trying to then reduce their cholesterol in in in in other ways it just becomes this plaster that kind of parks that issue and and maybe people aren't as encouraged to that work much much better than diet at changing cholesterol you what I mean so you can kind of you can get people to do everything right and their cholesterol is still far too high so stat has work much much better and I think yes we have to do do both having healthy uh and I I think I think the the the the the the the pharmacotherapy is part of an ecosystem and one of the tools that we that we have um and and I think we have to it's it's not a dirty word I mean using these things it's it it's it's part of the tools that that that that we have and right if you have somebody who's not prepared to to um make these other changes but is prepared to use the drug and it's cost effective and it reduces risk kind of saves money to the NHS and Society give a drug that's fine if someone prepares to do that and something else you get an extra benefit I mean what what do you lose if it's shown to be coste effective and someone's not prepared to do anything else of giving something which could benefit I think I think we need to look at those things and I guess just cuz people don't do live in the way that you or I might think they optimally should do it doesn't mean we don't try other tools I mean I'm with you I I'd like everybody to we a better diet and and be more active and do all I'd love that I'd absolutely love that um we've got other tools as well and I think we should use them too brilliant listen this has been a wonderful talk and and we've realized that you're just so much expertise across so many things that we're going to come back and do a little bit extra on exercise and and and some other stuff as well however just to round off nutrition I just had one last question and then that'll wrap this up quite nicely have you a strong feeling on supplements the supplers generally don't work um we we we did a study looking at um the effect of a placebo on running performance it work really well we told them it was a drug which increased um red blood cells like EPO right they injected every day felt great said oh gosh I was on fire and they ran faster they actually did run 1.4% faster in a in a time trial where we actually paid the money for winning the race right so it's kind of a really competitive situation they did better they did better under those circumstan aners um but it was a placebo so placebos work because you believe them to work and if you're taking a a a supplement that's going to help you lose weight or something like that you might think I've taken a supplement so I won't eat this biscuit right you probably not even consciously doing that and if it's working you think it feels great so the SEO effect is real so so I don't think you need pretty much any supplements I think if you have a broadly healthy diet you are active enough we'll talk about that next time you get enough sleep you try and minimize stresses I think that's it I really do what you find actually look at randomized control trials in humans on the supplements to see what they show a lot of people will say there's an effect in some sort of cell line or something they'll kind of have something which is a long way away from a study of being effective in a human as science science is evidence but then when you actually what we need to do in a randomized control trial in humans do you get a positive outcome and with I'd say virtually all of those supplements they haven't done those and if they have those randomized control trials are negative H Professor Gil I think we're going to we're going to have a part two at some point in the not too distant future thank you so much for your time today anything that you just want to leave us with on nutrition or what we've spoken about today any fin thoughts I think it's often doing the simple things right but it's doing the simple things right over and over and over and over again the same with physical activity it's doing the same thing over and over and over every day showing up and doing the same thing over and over again and I don't think there's any Magic Bullets but you there some principles uh and it just takes time and the the the the long-term plan just keeping do things over and over and over again and a lot of this is habit you know mean it's like not making an active Choice through it's just what you do you I mean it's just just becomes what you do you get up in the morning and you brush your teeth that's just what you do you don't have to think about it it's just what you do and we need to have more of these processes that get to just what do the the issue is you have to work at something for quite a long time for it to become just what you do and so you have this initial period of several weeks where it's effortful but then after 3 months or six months it just becomes more routine and you have to get through this slightly difficult challenging uncomfortable initial phase before it just becomes what you do love it we'll end it there thank you so much for joining me today Take Care thank you right thanks for

- Why Obesity Isn’t About Willpower: Dr. Sherika Newman on Patient Advocacy: Kind: captions Language: en You're listening to the Patient Advocacy Now podcast presented by [music] Greater National Advocates. It's just gut-wrenching sometimes. Like if it's sad and they're crying, I might cry. >> Amazing how many doctors do not even want to treat somebody who has Medicaid. >> Medical system is about making money. >> And I said, "So, are you hiring more nurses or you're just telling each nurse to work harder?" Dr. Sherekica Newman, thank you so much for being on the podcast. >> Thanks for having me. >> Why don't you tell everybody who you are, what it is you do, how you got into it, just to start things off. >> Awesome sauce. Um, so I am Dr. Shria Nim. I actually am a hospice and pallet of medicine physician that has um been doing patient advocacy my whole career really, but I formalized it um probably like a year or so ago. and I formed doctor in the family um which is the name of my company after one of my friends called me and um asked me a medical question and I was like oh wouldn't it be cool if everyone had a doctor in their family right that they could just call and ask questions um and that's how we came up with the name doctor in the family and when issues started as concier services for um pallet of care and we morphed it into patient advocacy um once I realized that I was doing it anyway and people really needed me in that lane Um and so now we full launched a full patient advocacy service. And so we do um patient advocacy and weight management. And our weight management arm was birthed out of our patient advocacy arm. Cuz my patients were saying, "Please, please, please figure out how to do this for us." And I was like, "Well, I kind of don't do that." And they were like, "Yeah, but we trust you to do it and that you're going to do it the right way." And so I learned about obesity medicine and started studying it and and started a weight management practice. >> Talk to me about the obesity. We'll get back to palative care because I'm fascinated by that as well. You know, there's a lot of uh murky waters around weight management right now and people don't know what's safe, what's not, um how to get it, how not to get it, uh and and what realistic expectations are. Tell me what you uncovered because it was new for you. Tell me about that journey and what you learned along the way. >> Well, what what's very interesting is um what I quickly learned, John, is that the truth is most of us, many doctors, we're not trained and how to really manage obesity or weight management at all. Um and the science behind it. And so the more I delve into it, um I got into the science behind it and that obesity is really a chronic inflammatory state. It's a disease of the of the of the brain like the central organs central um organ system. And it really is not about willpower. It has nothing to do with willpower. Even though for years we've been telling patients to eat less and exercise, right? It's more than that. And that's what I've come to appreciate it. And I had been prescribing weight management meds in the past. Um but I I didn't like them and I wasn't really keen on them. So I did I would prescribe lifestyle modifications to my patients. Um and most people would ill. But the GLP1s are groundbreaking. Um and they are very successful not just in the making you feel full early sanity part but the whole brain part that goes along with it meaning the food noise the reward system because obesity is a chronic disease and if we treat it as such like we do all the other chronic diseases right we do lifestyle modification and management for high blood pressure we do lifestyle management management and um medicine for diabetes we do lifestyle management and medication for asthma. Obesity is the same. And I think the shame around obesity and weight bias is really the big problem. It's it's more than just medicine. It's a cultural problem. And that's why people are a little gunshy about starting the medicine or am I going to do it right? Am I going to have a zimpic face or a zimpic body? Blah blah blah. You know, they have all these names behind it and there is a lot of misinformation. And so I think it's so important for people to talk with your doctor, the person you trust or a doctor that does obesity medicine so that you can get credible information and decide if it's right for you, right? Cuz it's more than just weight loss. We we want health and most doctors are there to partner with you on your health, not just you losing weight. >> You said a term that I haven't heard before, food noise. What do you mean by food noise? >> So, I'm so glad you asked because John, I had never heard of it before either. So, food noise and and maybe because I've always I'm going to out myself. Okay, John. I've always been skinny. I've never had a weight management problem. So, to be a weight management doctor, never had the problem. I had to learn a lot. Food noise is that dialogue that patients that struggle with obesity or overweight have with food, right? Did I eat? Should I not? Should I eat the one more donut? Should I not eat the one more donut? Should I eat the carbs? Not eat the carbs. Do I need an extra salad? No. That thing is food noise. And a lot of people that struggle with obesity talk about the food noise. The constant dialogue they are having with food. And it is a a syndrome, I guess, or a part that's very indicative to people that have this disease process. And it's something that if you don't have the disease process, you're unaware of. Well, what we have learned is that this medication, the GLP1s, reduce food noise. So, there's no longer that dialogue that they're having with food. And I think a lot of my patients love that part of it more than anything else because it is very consuming to have this constant noise and narrative in the back of your head and it makes you feel defeated is what they explained to me. So, you're in this conversation and it feels like you keep losing cuz you're eating the donuts, right? It feels like you're losing cuz you're taking the extra slice of pizza. And so, then the noise becomes, oh man, you ate that slice of pizza. This is why you can't lose the weight. This is why you keep failing. Blah blah blah. It becomes that thing and it kind of double down on I don't have willpower instead of obesity is nothing to do with willpower. So having that dialogue and you keep feeling just is like, man, I I do have I suck at willpower and that's not the truth. >> So how does the GLP1 help with the food noise? Because the way you're describing it, it's mental I'll be honest, I don't know much about it as a biologic. Is are you saying that it actually affects the brain chemistry in some way or is it that it's creating a sense of satiation where the food noise just doesn't have a chance to latch on? So the reason why obesity has been classified in the central nervous system is because it is a a disease of your brain. It's a reward system. Um so just like any other addictive issue becomes about the reward in your brain saying, "Oh, I'm being rewarded for this. I'm going to keep doing it." That's where the food noise comes in. And what we know is the GLP1s stops that feedback system. So it has a place in your gut, right? like it does cause early seat and that plays a part in this loop too but it also is an independent feedback of the noise and the and the reward system um that is a part of this disease process. >> That's so fascinating. You know, you hear everybody talk about Mangaro and Ompic, but nobody talks about this. Not unless you're getting really in the weeds with the research or into the podcast, but of all I mean I live in Los Angeles and I think like you know you throw a stone, you'll hit six people on OMIC and nobody talks about this >> and and I and that's why I said to me this is the most rewarding component that my patients have reported to me. Um and and I think if you can manage this even when you're off the meds, if you're now you're more aware of it, even when you come off the med, some of my patient has been successful in still dialing back the noise of it because now your brain has almost rewired or reset itself. Um, and and that can I I can't imagine having that as a constant all the time in the back of my head and then having it shut off. That that has got to feel good. >> Yeah. Yeah, I can imagine. So, so what is your role as an advocate for weight management or are those do those people actually become patients? What's the differentiation? You are >> interesting. It's interesting. My it my weight management service line was birthed out of my advocacy, right? Like my patients were like, "We want to be on this medicine. We want to do it right. We're scared of all the bad things we're hearing, but we trust that you're going to get it right." Like, so we need you to do this for us. Like, we really, really need. And remember, I had a concier practice, right? So a lot of these patients came out of my concier practice and I was already intimately involved with their their health care and they're like we just need this piece for you piece from you because we've been struggling with this. So, it's two separate arms, but it was birthed out of it. And I think I love the fact that it was organic like that, John, because it just speaks to how people want you to advocate for them when they trust you, when they rely on you, when they, you know, are like, "We know that you're going to do this properly." And they they knew. I I've looked at the genetics. Um, you know, we now have a way to test your genes to see, you know, if you basically have a propensity for it. And then we have one college that went forward and brought broke it up into four different types. Um they call we the four different types are hungry brain right that reward system in your brain. >> Mhm. >> Um um hungry guts meaning the not being ever feeling full. >> Emotional eaters meaning my reward system is soothing my emotional distress. And then the slow burners. So I literally looked at your genes and they can tell you which category you fall in and then we can tailor your medical treatment, right? The lifestyle and the medicine around which category you fall in. And the GLP1s are effective for the hungry gut. They're most effective for hungry gut. And over 60% of people are hungry gut. That's why they're widespread being effective because that's the group most of us fall into. I'm even hungry gut. I'm just I just never I guess listened to my gut or it never activated all the way. Right. But because most of us fall in that category, the GOP ones have been effective. So the because my patients knew I would advocate in this way and make sure I've checked off all the boxes. You know, I can own the fact that I'm facidious. Checked off all the boxes to make sure we're doing this properly so you get the results you want and you know, don't get the results you don't want and it's healthy. And so what we came up with is this life med journey which is a combination of lifestyle modification plus medicine combined together. And it is a journey. And I feel like whether you're struggling with obesity or overweight or not, you're still on this life made journey. You're still on this. Every one of us, no matter what your plight is, we we have to combine lifestyle and medicine to be our best selves. So are are your just so I'm clear because it sounds like so they were patients and then you had to do the advocacy work in terms of the research >> but are are you then still treating these people as patients or do people come >> strict some of them switched over to strictly on the life man journey which is our weight management and then some of them still need my advocacy in certain forms so it's two different service lines under one practice. Gotcha. >> So I do both. I have two hats. I have an advocacy hat and a weight management hat. >> So the What does the advocacy hat do outside of the weight management? Let's transition into that. >> Okay. So um it's it's independent of weight management. Um our patient advocacy um service works with patients, their families, and their medical team to ensure that patients are heard, seen, and validated inside of every single medical encounter to get better health outcomes. And we know by research that that works. People get better outcomes when they can advocate, either self- advocate or bring an advocate. >> And what does that look like on a day-to-day basis? Are you reviewing case notes with them or like looking at their charts? Are you ask are like you interviewing them and asking them how their experience is? Are you prepping them before the doctor's appointment? What does that look like in your practice? Because every python has learned. Okay. >> All of that. >> I mean I and I didn't even pay you. [laughter] >> But it looks like all of that. It really looks like um this is, you know, years of pallet of care. I have the skill set of being able to ascertain what you need and then build um a service line around it, right? And I was a teacher before I became a doctor. So what I do is I talk with patients or their family and I kind of get an understanding of what they're looking for and then I'll tailor the treatment to that. So whether it's appointment prep, um where I prep you for the appointment, whether it's chart review or view your chart and I'll say, "Hey, this I agree with your doctor. I don't agree. You might want to ask them this, ask them that. We do that. We do bedside monitoring where I've been at bedside with patients and their families um there to talk with the doctors in real time and do like peer-to-peer collaborations. Um and all this is is collaborative. I've been video conferenced on phones, telephone um on the phone into appointments um three-way u and in order to be a part of a patient appointment. So it just depends on the level of service that the patient needs me to advocate as. And then we just um because of my son um built out this thing called qu quick question appointments. It's better than going to like Google or chat GPT. If you have a quick question you want to ask a doctor than just you can get a quick question point. And it happened because my son's friend went to the ER. She was given medicine. They didn't have the medicine. She didn't know what to do. And it was just like a quick, "Hey son, um have her do this, this, and this." and he was like, "Mom, I think you should offer this um in your advocacy line because sometimes people just want like they just are lost in the system, right? And they just need something quick to point and direct them." And so we opened up um quick question appointments recently. Um and so it's just at the level people need cuz not everyone needs the same thing or the same intensity. Most of the time, you know, it's a serious illness and we get involved at the beginning and it's a lot of services, but then as we move forward, you need less and less um advocacy. And I'm pretty big on teaching people to self- advocate, too. >> Yeah, that quick question appointment, I think, kind of resonated with the name of your company, Doctor in the Family, because that's kind of I imagine someone being in the ER going, I should text my dad if your dad was the physician. And so that's kind of what you're talking about in that regard, at least from what I can gather. >> Correct. >> And and I think people I mean honestly the health care system can be very complex. I mean the jargon, the navigation, the medicines, it all can just get very overwhelming to people. And a lot of times I I tell people that's what I feel like I'm solving is overwhelm more than anything else. And so if you could get a doctor on the phone to say, "Hey, I'm in the ER. This is what's going on. Is there something I need to be asking or not asking or you know what should I tell them? Should I not tell them this?" I think that just eases people and and makes them feel um educated in the moment and then the overwhelm gets kind of dissipated and they get calmer. Um, and that's what I I have a lot of times that happens. >> You know, a lot of our advocates that we talk to on this podcast are not physicians. I would say most advocates are not physicians. They're either nurses or some or sometimes they come from insurance or even they were just somebody's family member and their own personal advocate and then started figuring out they became board certified or started doing it through other routes. What do you think separates having a physician as an advocate other than just their knowledge? Like so when you say you go bedside, so you do peer-to-peer coordination with other doctors. How is that different as a physician than having a nurse advocate? >> Well, I just I think it's the language we talk, right? So docto, there's a way we can just vibe and do the dance together, right? there's this just harmony that happens when we converse with each other compared to to other disciplines. We both are kind of trained in the same vein. So, we kind of kind of know what each other's saying without fully saying it. Um, and having the ability to do that differs from any other advocate. And then my ability of doing pilot of care all the years, I can then flip to the patient and family and almost like translate it into a way they understand, but also help them build the care plan that matches who they are. Cuz what people really want in the advocate is help me align this massive construct and this overwhelm and to match who I am. And everyone is unique, right? And some some of my patients struggle to have that dialogue with their family. Some of them struggle to have it with themselves, like making sense of all of this and how it fits with me as a patient. And so my ability to do that on the doctor level, it just it kind of moves a little bit probably quicker. Um because as doctors, it's easier for them to pick up the phone and run it down to me quickly because everything moves quick in medicine. It's easy for them to run it down to me quickly and then me take the time to kind of translate it to the patients and families where you probably I don't feel like we can do that across every discipline. >> Sure. Sure. That makes perfect sense. If >> tell me how you got into palative and and hospice work to begin with. >> Oh my god. Mrs. Young Bloodood. Mrs. Young Bloodood. You never forget these things. I had this patient uh Miss Young Bloodood that I had as an internship and it's our first year out of medical school, right? So, as an intern, I'm on call every fourth day and I swear, John, I was just trying not to kill someone, right? Cuz you're just out of medical school and you know you don't know anything, right? It's you're not dope. You're like, I don't know anything. I just don't want to kill somebody. And this young blood had these brain lesions. She was in her 70s and she said, I I don't want to do all this stuff. We wanted to biopsy her brain, which means we had to drill through her skull. She was like, no, no, no thanks, no parts. I've lived a wonderful life. She had her horses and she was like, I'm good. And she asked to go to hospice. And so, as an intern, I was like, okay, this what she wants. Um, how do we make it happen? And I learned, you know, how to write a hospice order. Well, a couple of days go by and Miss Young Bloodood starts getting better, which is like not unheard of on hospice, right? Mhm. >> So, I get a call from her daughter and to this day I still don't know why she called the intern back. Seriously, I'm like, "How did she call me?" But obviously, I formed this relationship and I go down to hospice. It is like in the recesses of the hospital through supplies, through engineering. I honestly thought someone was punking me, but I did. I finally arrived at the hospice unit and it's beautiful. It was like an oasis in the desert. It was such a beautiful unit. Stained glass windows at the end of the hall. Well, I was like, I want to work here. So, I got on the phone and I talked with the daughter and I had seen my Miss Younglood and I said, "Well, she's still sick though. Like, she still doesn't want anything done. She's she is physically better, but she doesn't want anything done." And I just had an organic conversation. And the hospice nurse when I hung up said, "Have you ever thought about doing this?" And I said, "As a matter of fact, I just thought about it when I walked through the door." And that's how I got introduced to hospice. I had no idea what it was before, Miss Young Blood. I didn't even know it existed. And I started doing extra rotations in it and I really found that it it was who I naturally was just naturally I enjoyed that type of practice and that type of medicine. So I became a hospice and pallet of medicine doctor because of Miss Young blood. >> It's I think that what the nurse saw in you in answering that call and taking the time and the having the compassion to speak to them not only made you kind of bred and groomed for hospice, but naturally also um made it an an easy way to kind of get into um advocacy work because that's the kind that's the kind of patience and compassion that I keep hearing from advocates again and again and you know it's very different in the hospice and palative world than it would be in plastics or in sports medicine where things go go and you're talking to only one person. And I mean, especially with with hospice and pout of work, you're talking to the whole family a lot of the time. You're explaining things. You're kind of quarterbacking the person's journey. Um, and it's so interesting that you, you know, somehow it ended up in weight management as well, but that's where it just led through. You know, >> I I say the same thing. It's just very interesting like I have two different arms of my practice that one birth the other one you know but it's all around you know compassion for the human experience and putting the human first um no matter what framework it's in knowing that patience and to care and humanity is at the crux of it all. I just left the healthcare advocate summit. It was my first year there and like you said there's so many different types of advocates, right? >> But what I've come what I what I took away from that conference I mean besides Melissa and Elizabeth does phenomenal at the conference. I mean the way they put this together was phenomenal. What I took away is that the center of it these are thousands of people at a conference who really care about other people who really care about humanity. Whether it's fighting on the billing arm, whether it's fighting at the patient level, at the system level, they really care that people receive good care in our health care system, in our construct. And to be at a place where you have a unified mindset like that is refreshing, especially as a doctor because I do I only see one scope a lot of the times and that's inside of the health care system, like inside of the building, inside of the encounter, inside of the rooms. But being able to talk to people who do it from the billing arm, who do it from the social work arm, who do it from the home arm, going to people's homes and it like I met IT people and and Hollywood people who came out of the movie industry and have done it from that arm. I mean, being able to see that with the same mindset of we really want to make sure people are getting good health care, that that's refreshing. >> How do you balance it all? It seems like you got your hand in a lot of pies and you probably have a pretty significant case load. How do you manage to stay sane, serve your patients, your clients, and not feel completely burned out and kind of spread too thin? >> I I guess I've been doing it a while. Um so I know, you know, when to hit the pause button. Um one, I take Mondays off. I've been very intentional about taking Mondays off and I get help when I need it. So, I lean in on my team when I need it. But when I need to replenish Sherekica, I know the things that replenish me. You know, I've been doing hospice mentality medicine over 10 years. And that is a very emotionally laden job in and of itself. So, I figured out the things that replenish Sherekica. Um, and it can be simple things like some days I just need to sit in a tub of water. Some days I need to phone a friend. Some it just can be a variety of things, right? Um some days I need to run a case by a colleague because I'm stuck. And I think owning the fact that I need help was probably the biggest rate limiting step, especially as a physician. We're taught to know everything and be all things to all people. And so knowing that you're going to need help and and calling it phoning it in or asking for it was probably the biggest hurdle for me early in my career. But once I figured that part out, I was like, there's no sense in going back now, right? And so I because I enjoy doing this, it fuels me too, but then I know the line where I need to stop and kind of replenish myself and I make sure I do that for myself. And then of course, um, Christine, my assistant, you know, she'll block time for me. I don't know if you ever read the book Deep Work. Um, but he talks about blocking time on your schedule for deep work. And so I do that, too. I'm intentional about blocking time so that you're focused on something and not pushed all over. So that then when I come out, I can do multiple things because I've already processed it through and now it's just working it, right? Um, and stuff like that. So I've I've over the years developed what what balance looks like for me. um and the grand scheme of things I guess. >> Yeah. Where are you located and how much of your practice is virtual versus in person with your with your client? >> So I am located in Atlanta, Georgia and I would say 90% of my practice is virtual including the weight management because I wanted things to be convenient for patients and families. Um, and so most of it is virtual and then if I need to be on site, I've flown to Florida to be at bedside with patients. Um, of course I've been bedside in Georgia um with patients. Um, so it just depends on kind of what's needed still, but about 90% if not more is virtual. Um because I think in the society we live in now, making it as convenient as possible is invaluable cuz all of us are doing 500 things. >> And what I've come to appreciate down through the years is having one more appointment or one more of anything, especially when you're seriously ill or struggling with something, can in and of itself feel overwhelming. So, making it convenient where you don't have to leave your house. You can do it any place but your car. Like, you can't be driving and talk to me and see me, but almost any place else. Yeah, you can. We can just hop on the phone. I'm I'm literally like a phone call away. And I wanted it to be that easy for patients or a video call away. I have some patients that video me um at any time. [laughter] Like, it's like a FaceTime video. It's like they're like, "I don't mean to bother I'm like, "No, that's fine." Because that's how I set up my practice. I really wanted that convenient for patients. >> Wow. And you mentioned Florida. Do you find that you that you have a significant amount of your clientele that's out of state? >> Um, no, not a significant amount. Um, I used to practice in Florida, so I still have um some patients there. I'm a native Floridaian, and that's where I started my initial practice. So I still have some patience there um that um I guess rely on me and trust me. So I feel honored. >> Trust is not something to be undersold. It's uh once you trust somebody, it's hard to walk away from that. For sure. >> And I am honored that they you know, trust me. I I'm I always tell my patients, you know, I know that I went to school to do this, but I do I always feel honored that people would select me to assist them in whatever way and would trust me enough to do that. I do think that it's an honor cuz it's lots of doctors. People get to choose what they want and who they get to be in this intimate space with and vulnerable space because being a patient is a pretty vulnerable place to be >> um and pretty intimate space. So the fact that they would let me into their intimate space is honorable to me. So I have some people in Florida, but the majority of my practice is in Georgia. >> Gotcha. Do you see things about the medical and the health care system, either as an advocate or as a doctor, that you feel are broken or that you wish could be easier for the patients? If so, what are they? >> Well, of course. I definitely feel like some things are not patient friendly or patient focused and I and I fortunately also feel like we're moving more away from it. Um just as we grow in the healthcare industry, as we see new programs coming down the pipeline, I think they're all well-meaning, well intended, but it doesn't always end up being patient focused or patient centered. Um, and I know we can't be all things to all people and fix everyone's problem, but I do wish that there was a way we could be more patient centric. And I keep saying to my colleagues, I even said this at the summit, I feel like self- advocacy is the key to equity because I don't think this system can give us equitable care. It's too many people to be equitable, right? Not even equal. you can't even get equality out of it. But I think you being able to speak up for yourself and speak for yourself or having someone give the ability of someone else to speak for you and on your behalf is how we're going to balance off health equity because what John needs and what Shar's need is different, right? But having someone if Shereek and John can't do it for themselves to say it is one thing, but how to do it, I think a lot of people are scared to do it for themselves or don't know how to do it um for themselves. they're they come from a shy family or quiet family, they're introvert, whatever the barrier is. And I feel like that is going to widen as things progress in healthc care because the numbers are growing, the need is growing, the baby boomers are getting older, and if you're not speaking up for yourself, you know, the squeakiest will get the oil. If you're not doing that, then you could very well unintentionally end up with bad care. and and that that saddens me as a as a physician. Uh it saddens me when people come into the health care system in late disease because they just didn't know how to get the help. Or I recently heard about a story where someone died because they couldn't get the medicine they need because the insurance went with a higher payment structure from $30 to $500 and the person wasn't able to get the medicine and they died. Like to me those constructs that is broken that is a broken system and how do you fix that system if the person don't know how to speak up for themselves and it's complicated right if I go to the pharmacy and they say we can't cover this medicine me and Sharica have the means to cover it or at least the knowledge to say we'll figure something else out but there are thousands of people that don't >> right and they just say okay I guess I'm not getting my medicine >> and that's what and then they show up to our hospitals sicker than what they needed to be and to me that's that's the brokenness of the system >> and how we fix it I don't think it's at the system level I think it's multiffactorial I think it's patient I think it's provider level and I think it's system level and I think it's a national thing to to to fix it but one thing we got to empower people to know when to lean in and when to lean out. >> Yeah. Well, if someone wants to work with you directly, what's the easiest way for them to get a hold of you and your practice? >> Oh, easiest way is twofold. One, give me a call. [laughter] 404-9008654 and also on our website um www.mmyditf doctor in the family the acronym.com and on the website it has all the information about what services we offer and all the links you need to make whatever kind of appointment you want including quick question appointments. Um so that's the easiest way to work with us. Um, and you know, you'll get Christine when you call and she's got a breath of knowledge about the practice and we definitely make sure that um, you're in the right service line. And I I actually do a lot of communicating myself. I like being intimate with my patients. So, you may even get a text message from me because that's how I am. I'm I'm the doctor in the family, you know. I just that's just who I am organically. Well, Shereekica Newman, thank you so much and I appreciate I appreciate your time and I uh was really enlightened. I have some more digging to do about this weight management uh stuff now. I I mean just the way you broke down the hungry brain, hungry gut, emotional eaters. Uh that's going to be dinner table conversation for the next couple weeks, I'm sure. >> No problem. Shoot me over an email if you if you have a hard time finding anything and I'll send you the links. >> Awesome. I appreciate it. Thanks so problem. Thank you, John.

- Diving into the regulation of GLP-1 Drugs: Kind: captions Language: en In our last episode, you learned how IV hydration works and the ways patients can seek out services in a safe manner. Now, let's talk about another popular item we find in the med spa scene, GLP-1 drugs. I promise you, you don't need to be an expert in chemistry or pharmarmacology to understand, and it's a worthwhile listen. You're listening to Medboard Pulse, a podcast by the State Medical Board of Ohio. I'm your host, Jerica Kent, Chief of Communications. Let's talk Ohio. Thanks for listening to Medboard Pulse, a podcast that explains the ins and outs of the board and helps to educate you, our listeners. Thinking back to my childhood, weight loss has always been a topic of discussion and desire. If you grew up in the 90s like me, you got used to hearing ads for Slim Fast and Weight Watchers. You may have heated up a Lean Cuisine or Quickbook for George Foreman girl. I'm pretty sure we had two in our house. In the passing 30 some odd years, in a culture with an increased focus on health and well-being, new and improved methods of weight loss is still a booming industry. You've probably heard of some popular GLP-1 brand names like Ompic or Rego. According to the Cleveland Clinic, GLP-1 drugs or glucagon like peptide are a class of medication that can be used to treat type 2 diabetes or obesity if used in conjunction with dietary changes and physical activity. What comes to mind most prominently when they first started entering the mainstream population is stories of celebrity makeovers, tales of total body transformations and a brand new life. This topic falls under multiple jurisdictions. As you well know, the medical board regulates the practice of physicians and physician assistants with laws and rules that provide guard rails for their practice. This includes prescribing and checking the Ohio automated RX reporting system, better known as ORS, but the manufacturing and distribution of drugs is regulated in part ferally, but also by the Ohio Board of Pharmacy. Given today's topic, I've invited a special guest who normally does our medical minute segment, but has graciously agreed to share his expertise. Dr. O'Neal, welcome back to the show. >> Thank you so much for having me, Jerica. You know, I enjoy always uh uh talking to the public about important topics that, you know, occur in the medical profession and uh in regards to what the board is doing on a daily basis. >> Absolutely. and we've been in kind of a vein of um trendy things and topics that that are um new and trendy in healthcare right now. So, last time we talked about IV hydration clinics and today we're talking about GLP-1 drugs. I know everyone's seen the commercials. My first question for you, Dr. O'Neal, is does the board have jurisdiction over the prescribing of GLP-1 drugs? Well, the board uh has a general prescribing authority and what I mean by that is, you know, the board oversees licensed physicians and physicians assistants and the board is interested in whether or not an appropriate history in physical has been performed, a physical examination, and if the treatment plan, which includes a GLP1, is right for each individual patient. So, so um although um we don't do the same thing that the pharmacy board does, we do have overall prescriptive authority for both control substances and non-control substances and GLP1s are non-control substances. So, uh the big answer is yes, we do have uh authority over our licences. >> I'm glad you brought up the board of pharmacy. What is their authority then? What what do they regulate? Okay. Well, the board of pharmacy really regulates or has jurisdiction over the drugs themselves, including dispensing, compounding, and each board um coordinates with the pharmacy board on regulations. So, as I said before, the medical board oversees physician assistants and physicians. The nursing board oversees nurse practitioners. >> I see. and and specifically we're calling those out because those are the individuals who can prescribe. A massage therapist should have no business prescribing medications. Right. >> Correct there. >> I'm glad to know. Um on a simple level, can you can you tell me what a GLP1 drug is? I see that title. I've heard it and I don't really understand why there's a number in the name. Can you please just explain what that means? >> Sure. I'll be happy to to try to explain it as easy as possible. So GLP1 is abbreviation for glucagon like peptide agonist or some people will call it glucagon like peptide receptor agonist and what it does is it mimics glucagon in our body and glucagon is a hormone that's produced by the small intestine and it has several things that it does. It triggers insulin release from the pancreas. So an insulin, we all know about that, an essential hormone that allows your body to use food that you eat for energy. It lowers the amount of glucose or sugar in the blood. And if you don't have enough insulin, your blood sugar increases and you can have diabetes. Okay? But it also blocks glucagon secretion and that's another hormone in the body and that raises blood sugar levels. So GLP1s prevent more glucose from going into your bloodstream. It also slows stomach emptying so you feel full earlier. Okay, >> I could definitely use that. >> So what we call early siety. So you know it affects areas in the brain that processes your hunger and feeling full. Does that make sense? >> That makes a lot of sense. Okay, Dr. Dr. O'Neil, that's super helpful. Again, I know I'm not. I was never been a science nerd and never been great at that. And like I said, I mean, you know, the big key is is, you know, talk to your health care professional and, you know, ask them questions and, you know, if you're seeing a uh, you know, someone regarding diabetes or or weight loss or or other potential uses that you may have seen on the internet, it's important to talk to your health care provider and ask those questions to them about exactly what these drugs do. >> Okay? Because I think that's the really compelling part, right? We're seeing all these celebrities stories about how much weight they've lost. It's starting to creep now into the general population and it seems really attractive. I understand. Again, I I'm really starting to contemplate it myself, right? I understand wanting um to have something that can help. So, it sounds like it lowers your blood sugar. Um it helps to make you feel more full. But I guess the question is that's what it's supposed to do and that's what it's doing in your body. Are they effective for the purpose that people are seeking them for? Well, the overall answer is yes. And if you're looking at type two diabetes, I'm not talking about type 1 diabetes, but in type two diabetes, uh, GLP1s will typically reduce the hemoglobin A1C by 1 to 2%. Um, so they are effective. And if you think about what is the hemoglobin A1C, >> no idea. >> Okay. So, if your hemoglobin A1C is a percentage, if it's below 5.7% that's normal. And if it runs between 5.7 and 6.4% we think of pre-diabetes and that's where the risk of developing diabetes occurs. And you know it's important to really think about diet and exercise. Hemoglobin A1C of 6.5 or greater is consistent with with diabetes. So it does uh reduce the glucose or sugar. So it is effective there. Um, research is going on uh currently whether or not uh GLP1s would be effective in type 1 diabetes. They're not approved from the FDA for type 1 diabetes, but there's a lot of research going on and it may be used uh in an offlabel purpose with research going on for type 1 diabetes, but still more research has to go on for that. When what you're asking about mainly is in obesity, >> right? That's what we we see mostly >> and you you're correct there and uh yes they are effective um they have shown between a 5 to 15% uh overall uh weight loss um and it's been sustained. Um in the real world it may not be uh as high as 5 to 15% because of people who discontinue uh or don't you know take it regularly. So, like I said, it you know, it it's not a perfect medication u but there are strict criteria um that you need to to truly meet to be on these drugs for obesity. And that's uh and the criteria are you need at least a BMI or body mass index of at least 30 or a body mass index of greater than 27 um with you know one uh you know healthc care issues such as uh high blood pressure, cardiac disease, diabetes. So it's not for everyone. So, it's not for someone that's interested in losing 10 lbs or 5 lbs um who doesn't meet that criteria and um if you go off the drug, uh the weight may return. >> I see. Okay. So, to wrap this up, this first section, it sounds like we're saying yes, they are effective and they're effective because they are actually making changes inside of your body, not just like a quick fix on the outside. Um, but there could be potentially some downsides to using this if you're not actually talking to your doctor, if you don't have a long-term view ahead in terms of what you're trying to do, and really a lifestyle change. >> Right. >> All right. We have a lot more to discuss. We'll be right back after a brief break. The state medical board of Ohio released its annual report for fiscal year 2025 detailing the medical board's lensure activity, disciplinary actions, outreach efforts, and more. To see what SMBO accomplished this past year in the annual report, visit med.hot.gov, click on the tab about the board and click communications where you will find the item annual reports. Thanks for listening to Medboard Pulse. In this episode, we're talking with our medical director, Dr. James O'Neal, and he's going to help us understand GLP1 drugs. I know you've heard about them, so we're getting some understanding today. Dr. O'Neal, I've definitely seen commercials advertising these medications. I can think of songs in my head right now. Um, can you tell me how are consumers typically getting access to these specific types of drugs? >> Oh, it occurs in multiple different ways. I mean, the majority are going to their health care provider, >> okay? >> Um, and they're being evaluated appropriately and they meet criteria uh for GLP-1 drugs, whether they have diabetes or for obesity. >> Um, and they get a a prescription um and take it to their licensed state pharmacy. However, um, just as you've seen on television, there's uh online weight loss uh services. Um, there's teleaalth providers. Um there are pharmaceutical companies that are providing a direct to consumer uh prescription I mean to the patient uh medication to the patient rather. Um so there's multiple different ways that that people are are getting getting these medications. >> I've definitely again thinking about commercials I've seen or heard. Um there are so many services it feels like that are advertising we can ship this to you. you know, we can you can call us right away and we'll get you treated and we'll get what you need. Um, what are some of the concerns from the regulatory bodies like the medical board, the board of pharmacy, the board of nursing? What are some of the concerns that we're seeing when it comes to these kind of drugs? >> Yes, it's it's somewhat of the the wild west and the regulatory concerns that the boards have is really on this proliferation of unapproved compounded counterfeit products. I mean, this creates significant risk for the patient. Um, and you know, there's inconsistent uh quality, potential wrong doses, harmful ingredients, may be contaminated. I mean, the FDA has put out, you know, multiple uh warnings about illegal uh medications on the market and so, you know, the risk to the patient is definitely there. >> Well, help us understand what does it mean for something to be compounded? >> This is a very interesting question. Compounding uh is a practice where really a licensed pharmacist, physician or maybe an outsourcing facility where under the supervision of a licensed pharmacist, there is a a person or group that combines, mixes, alters uh and creates a medication that's tailored to an individual patient. And so it may be um important um that the patient receives this individualized treatment because they are unable to take something that's FDA commercially approved. >> Why would they not be able to take the FDA approved? >> You know, um they there could be an an allergy. Um they there could be u a medication dose that is not commercially available. Um there there could be if it's a uh you know an oral medication um but they can't swallow pills, they have to have a liquid. Um so so there are certain reasons a prescriber if they're recommending a compounded medication. Um they have to put on the prescription the reason why what the issue the patient has. They cannot just put on a prescription the compound of drugs that that they're wanting to prescribe in a patient's name. There has to be a reason why uh the patient needs individualized treatment that can't be met by an FDA commercially available drug. >> I see. So we're really talking about two different ways that this kind of drug can be delivered. If I'm going the WGO and the Olympics and the, you know, like ultra um advertised and, you know, branded items, those are one-stop shop. You're going to get that prescription. It's going to be the same thing for each person. But someone who might not be able to consume something like that could potentially be getting a compounded like uniquely tailored really a compound because that is the word I learned fast a long time ago >> because of because of a a certain uh issue that a patient may have. >> Previously companies were allowed to compound drugs but they were basically making like duplicates of things that existed. They were not making specialized or tailored um versions of this drug. But earlier this year, the FDA actually put a stop to that. >> Correct. Because there's no longer a shortage of GLP-1 drugs on the market. So now, if if it's a a compounded medication um is being used, then it has to be individualized to each patient and there has to be a reason why they need a compounded drug. Now, if uh you know, prescriptions were issued prior to the new FDA rules when the shortage was over, they can use up that drug. Uh, first, >> thank you for explaining that. What form are these drugs coming in? >> Um, they typically are injectable drugs. >> Oh, who injects those? >> Well, it could be a licensed health care professional or patients can learn to do it on their own. >> No, thank you. Hard pass for me. Hard pass. Um, this is fascinating, Dr. O'Neal. We'll be right back to learn more after a brief break. [Music] In the latest edition of the Journal of Medical Regulation, SMBO medical director James O'Neal, MD, and chief of quality intervention, Brandy Dorsey were featured in an article that highlights the impact of our quality assurance process. We're proud of the work that our quality intervention team does in helping to keep the public safe and we hope to pass along our knowledge to others. To read the article, please visit the news section of our website at med.oh.gov. Welcome back to our conversation about GLP1 drugs. We've been talking about the areas of concern for patients taking these types of drugs and the proper steps that should be taken. I think it's hard to not see these drugs as like magic, right? Or a wonder drug that solves every problem for all people. I know that's not the case. I think sometimes the way we see it show up in social media is like that. But what are the other things that people need to keep in mind if they're going to receive >> and that's the reason why it's important to to stay in contact with your healthcare provider because there is you know lifestyle changes, diet, exercise and I'm not saying that you know because of these some of these drugs uh cause you to feel full early um that you'll lose a tremendous amount of weight very quickly or you may and it may not be good for too. You may develop nausea or vomiting. You know, you may develop a low blood sugar. These are important things that you need to talk to your health provider about. And so, you know, it's important to to think about that multimodal therapy. And that includes diet and exercise. And also with exercise, it's not that you're going to go out and run a marathon tomorrow. It's a step-wise process. And so that's the reason why I keep saying over and over to to talk to your health provider, ask questions. If something is working, great. If it's not, you need to be, you know, talking and asking questions and, you know, a potential change in the medication because every medication is not for every person. >> Absolutely. And I imagine, you know, if we tried to fill up on ice cream every day, that might not be the best option for trying to have a healthy lifestyle. >> Correct. >> I guess I won't try that then. Um, what should patients seeking out this kind of treatment know? >> Well, it's important to talk to your health care provider. Okay. And you know there should be a discussion if it's if it's whether the treatment is for diabetes or for obesity that the patient meets the criteria and they understand the potential benefits and the possible risks because every medication has risks. Every medication costs money and these are not inexpensive medications and you know if the medication is not effective then that's you know something that definitely needs to be discussed also with your health care provider. So, you know, you shouldn't take for granted that these medications are going to work for you because everybody's an individual. Um, and you know, nausea, vomiting, other adverse effects can can occur and there are some not so serious, but there's some very serious potential adverse effects that occur with these medications. Um so it's really important to talk to your healthcare provider you know and also um you know it's important to know that the person prescribing the medication is licensed in the state of Ohio and that you typically should receive you know your medication from a statelicicensed pharmacy. If you're getting something online you definitely should visit the FDA's what's called be safe RX >> website. It's a com campaign for resources and and it really talks about how to learn to safely buy drugs online. So, you know, I'll say this again. It's it's be safe BE S A F E RX. It's online. It's the FDA's campaign to really give you some resources in regards to buying online drugs because you want to be as safe as possible and with the risk of counterfeit drugs uh out there, you know, and the where you don't know if it has any contamination or if the dosages are correct. You know, who wants to take that risk? >> It sounds like though um it's really important then to know to make sure that you do know that your provider is licensed in Ohio. There are a lot of different ways, you know, that we can have accessible accessibility to providers, but it's helpful to to have an actual, you know, working relationship, >> you know, um, you know, if you're doing this online or you're doing it through teleahalth, you know, it's really important that you develop that physician patient relationship or provider patient relationship. Uh, you know, and ask questions, you know, don't make it a one-time visit just to get the medication. >> Right. I happen to know but the board of pharmacy also published a guidance document on this topic tailored for patients. Do you know anything about that resource? >> Sure. Um it came out very recently. It came out on June 17th of this year and it really uh is a published document of frequently asked questions. You know it really tried to reduce that confusion out there with the production and distribution of GLP-1 drugs. And you can find that information at www.farmy.govgp1. That's a that's a a lot of letters. Let me say that one more time. www.farmy.gov/gp1. And you can also, you know, check the FDA website as as I said, you know, and if you're having, you know, any issues or any adverse effects, the FDA wants to know that. And so they really encourage all health care professionals, patients, and anyone that's out there doing compounding to report any adverse events or quality problems with these these uh drugs. So the FDA, they do have what's called a Medatch adverse event reporting program. You can report these things online. You can also send them a fax and they have a fax number at 1 800 FDA0178. Let me say that one more time. You can fax them at 1 800 FDA0178. So, you know, there are lots of resources out there. You know, check the pharmacy uh board website. Uh check the FDA websites. >> Absolutely. And I'll make sure to put the information in the details of this episode as well so you can have the links ready and accessible. If we were to recap this conversation today, it sounds like yes, these drugs are they can be very effective, but they are not a one-sizefits-all. >> That's true. >> And so, it's really important for you as a consumer and as a patient to go and have a meaningful conversation with your provider and see if this is something that could be helpful for you. And if you do start this line of treatment, also to stay in communication because if there are some adverse effects or some concerns you have, you can make sure that they're being addressed properly. So we definitely encourage some either in person or just like you know regular dialogue with >> and as you already said it's not a u one drug fits every issue and you know there's other things to think about. It's usually multimodal therapy, diet, exercise, you know and you know making sure that there's no adverse you know effects of these medications. You know we want to be safe. We want to take care of our patients in the state of Ohio and all throughout America. So, it's it's important that you ask questions to your healthcare provider. You know, report any adverse uh effects, you know, and you know, if something doesn't seem right or look right on the prescription, ask the pharmacy. am so appreciative of this conversation because again I'm sure a lot of you have heard about these and maybe has questions about them. I know I have a friend who's tried um and you know people can have varying varying degrees of success but we want to make sure that we're here to help provide useful practical information to you. Dr. O'Neal before we wrap up today what's your favorite part of your job and you can talk about just being a physician in general or being here at the board. >> Sure. I I really enjoy being here at the board because everything that I deal with has to do with quality and you know I it's important that we maintain that quality in the state of Ohio to protect the public and you know as the board uh we regulate physicians and physician assistants but we other regulate uh other occupations also. Um so it's not just physicians or physicians assistants. So, you know, we're doing what we can to protect the public and we do so much more than just a lensure agency. And as we continue to improve quality, we'll continue to provide better care in the state of Ohio. >> I imagine this is not the last healthcare trend we'll be talking about. um because there are a lot of things that are popping up and then again it's our responsibility as the board to make sure that we have an understanding of what's happening in healthcare and medicine and that our providers are following Ohio law and rule. So I'm sure we'll be talking about more trendy topics. Um but this was a fantastic conversation today. Thank you Dr. O'Neal. >> You're most welcome Jericho. Just like our last prescribing related episode, we aim to educate so that you can make a more informed decision about the care and treatment you pursue. So, I hope today's conversation was insightful and helpful, maybe, you know, cause you to look up some information online or schedule an appointment with your doctor. I think what we what we want you to take away from the conversation in particular was that it's good for you to be informed and to make sure that you are talking to your healthcare provider about your specific healthcare needs. Thank you for listening to this episode of Medboard Post from the State Medical Board. I'd especially like to thank our special guest, Dr. James O'Neal, our favorite medical director and all-time team player. Subscribe today to hear our episodes right away. For more information about the medical board, visit media.gov. You can also email questions or comments to communications at media.gov. And remember, the more you listen, the more you'll learn and the more you'll share.

- GLP-1 RAs – where are we now? What have we learned?: Kind: captions Language: en hello and welcome to this episode of in discussion with from Pharmacy update online today I'm talking to Deborah Evans about gp1 receptor agonists that is the fat Jabs and what we have learned over the past 12 to 18 months Deborah we've spoken before but all the same could you start by introducing yourself my name is Deborah Evans I've been a pharmacist for almost 40 years I run a private clinic and Pharmacy in Winchester in Hampshire which is now 3 years old we offer a wide range of services and my particular passion and uh speciality includes women's hormonal Health param menopause menopause contraception and more recently weight management and can you give us a brief overview of your role what your current job involves so my role covers a wide range of activities as you can imagine as an independent business owner I lead and manage my team uh run all the finance and support the operational processes within the organization I I'm also superintendent pharmacist and take a role as Clinical Director but importantly for me I spend probably around 80% of my time in the clinic facing clients now about 18 months ago we talked about the Weight Management Service that you run from remedy Health focusing specifically on glp1 receptor agonists since then I think it's fair to say there's been an explosion in the use of these products and interest in these products uh and news media and internet are a washed with articles about them so it seems like a good time to take stock and my first question then is have the glp1 receptor agonists lived up to their promise and indeed the hype and are they a safe easy and convenient way to lose weight so our experience over the last 12 to 18 months has been that this really is the first time we've had anything that's effective for weight loss and from that point of view they truly are a game changer in the way to support people to get to a healthy weight and by doing so are making a big difference to health outcomes and I don't think we should forget that with respect to a safe um effective way of um helping people to lose weight certainly the experience has been very positive so far um out of around 70 patients that I'm currently supporting we've possibly had uh three that have discontinued use due to side effects but otherwise they seem to be pretty well tolerated we take great care in supporting people for safe effective weight loss and of course it's not just about the injection alone but we'll be talking about that a little bit later since we last spoke te eptide Manjaro has been launched could you just briefly explain the differences between the two products semaglutide and tepati yes of course so semaglutide is a glp1 analog and tepid is also a glp1 analog it's a jel Agonist which means it has a secondary effect which is that it is a glucose dependent insul Tropic polypeptide but we thankfully abbreviate that to Gip so it works on those receptors so if we focus first on the glp1 effect um these medications inhibit the release of glucagon um that's a hormone that raises blood sugar and promotes glucose production in the liver so by lowering glucose uh glucagon levels we get a um more stable blood sugar and they also slow the rate at which food leaves the stomach and enters the intestines so that improves um how full we feel so our sey levels go up after eating and reduces the uh sudden increase in blood glucose um after we've eaten so that post prandi or blood glucose Rise um we also see that the um gluc uh glp1 receptor in the brain are activated and that reduces hunger and food intake and there is some um research being undertaken at the moment because seems to have an effect on addiction and certainly I've had some clients who've um given up smoking reduced alcohol intake significantly as well as as well as some addictive um uh behaviors such as gambling as a result of taking these medications so that's work in progress to see what the evidence will will generate around that um but the effect in the brain seems to contribute to weight loss because it reduces that noise that we were talking about the the the food noise um but also um stops people uh eating Beyond being full so there seems to be an effect on the uh beta cells in the pancreas as well um and slows the progression of type 2 diabetes and I've certainly seen where we've monitored people's hba1c A Drop In hba1c from pre-diabetes to normal levels which is great news now the Gip effect is um in addition to glp and it seems to enhance insulin secretion uh particularly during meals and complements the glp1 effect so you you see a synergistic effect between the two um Agonist actions so it also seems to improve insulin sensitivity and of course type 2 diabetes and metabolic disease is all about insulin resistance um and that includes sensitivity in muscles and fat so um it seems to also with this Synergy with jp1 reduce hunger and improve energy balance I mean the bottom line is we don't know fully how these drugs affect we certainly don't know how they improve cardiovascular outcomes if we talk about semaglutide specifically um but uh we do know that they have from the clinical outcomes a positive effect on uh hba1c cardiovascular outcomes and on weight as we know the less common side effects of any medicine only become apparent after wide usage of the product can you say anything more now about the side effects of glp1 receptor agonists in practice as we know the glp1 uh receptor analoges they work by delaying gastric emptying as well as causing sey and reducing appetite so having some Direct effects it seems uh within the brain so the most common side effects and the ones that we counsel people about so they're prepared for them are related to that delayed gastric emptying so they tend to be things like reflux nausea rarely vomiting it's very rare for somebody to have vomiting in my experience um and uh constipation diarrhea can happen in some patients it's sort of counterintuitive to the uh delayed gastric emptying but it can happen and it is listed as a common side effect those are the main issues some people can feel tired that's been a rare side effect in my clinical experience but um we can support people and in fact we do give people a lot of support around being prepared for those side effects so for example having some antacid available to deal with reflux um having something for such as laramide available if their gut is loose um fiber you know um the osmotic and um fiber laxatives um making sure people drink plenty of water and one of the main reasons people have gastric issues is if they overdo it so if they over indulge if they eat something that's particularly rich or if they put too much into their stomach and their stomach catches up with how much is in their tummy because of the delayed gastric emptying then that's when they can experience difficulties so they quickly learn what they can and cannot eat and how much they should eat and can you say anything about the more serious side effects that have occasionally made headlines in the mainstream media when when a any drug is new to Market whatever it is for then we are as prescribers and should you know and as pharmacists acutely aware of reporting side effects and being mindful that any drug is about risk versus benefit and this slightly leads into um the conversation we're going to have about the general pharmaceutical council's um revised guidance for online prescribing when I'm sat with a patient face to face in the clinic I'm able to check their BMI their weight go through all comorbidities look at any other medication they might be in and together we come up with a prescribing decision based on the benefits and the signific ific benefits of losing weight and becoming a healthy weight versus the risks that may or may not be associated with that particular medication so it is a really important discussion to be had I cannot say whether any particular situation is related directly related to a drug or not none of us can until it's being fully investigated um but I think it's an important lesson for all of us to make sure that we're safely prescribed ring as much as we can that we involve the individual in the decision making and that the risks are weighed up against the benefits well that takes us on quite nicely how should people obtain supplies of glp1 receptor agonists well Christine I'm always going to say see a healthc care professional face Toof face because this is so much more than prescribing in a consultation here at remedy Health we spend 45 minutes with with an individual going through their health history any comorbidities any allergies any medications they might be on a full clinical history as well as probing and understanding their relationship with food the psychology are they emotional eater um do they have problems with Hunger um a whole host of different questions we explore Lifestyle the kinds of foods that they're eating and our goal is always to seek a long-term healthy weight and at some stage they will come off the medication so how do you make sure that you're getting long-term behavioral change so I am trained in behavioral change techniques as well as motivational interviewing so face Toof face an individual gets the right kind of intervention for them and we can make a choice as well whether it should be semaglutide or tepati based on that individual's profile we go through side effects risks benefits and then we're able to supply the medication directly in the appointment whilst they're in the clinic and in fact we often supervise the administration of their first dose so that we can go through injection technique give them the confidence that they're doing it properly and we of course use all the main supply chain routs so our major wholesalers so these drugs are not um counterfeits they are sourced through through the manufacturer and they have the appropriate supply chain uh Securities so I I think online particularly if it's not from a registered online pharmacy and why would the public know any different um is asking for trouble and we do know from the MH that there have been some hospitalizations from people who have administered drug that isn't as it says it is and it's counterfeit h I'm wondering if you are eligible for Supply via the National Health Service isn't that the right way to go so from a license perspective eligibility is from a BMI of 30 or a BMI of 27 if that's at least one other comorbidity that qualifies so for example high blood pressure high cholesterol pre-diabetes Etc however that is different to how Services might commissioned by the NHS in your local area so um I have had conversations with clients who've accessed this service in line with the licensed recommendations privately and they would be eligible potentially under the NHS however they've either not been heavy enough because the threshold for entering the NHS has been higher than the licensed BMI so 35 Plus depending on resources in an area um and um if they do meet the criteria locally what they're finding is there can be a significant waiting list and delay in having medication prescribed so um the soonest I've heard of somebody being prescribed is um a possibility of 12 to 13 weeks the longest is a waiting list of over a year um furthermore they may or may not be offered the choice of either product it depends on how it's being commissioned so in one particular instance um a client that's come to us um felt and together we felt actually that his epaid would be a better choice he's got pre-diabetes um and whilst both drugs are effective um we felt that um tepati would would be more effective for this individual but that wasn't on offer to him via the NHS and he had a significant waiting time before being put on it so um to answer your question um if somebody is heavy enough and meets the criteria they should always have a conversation with their GP um but having made a decision to go down this route and to make a change and to adjust their weight uh for their health then uh sometimes time is of the essence and you want to get cracking and just following on there what kind of support do you offer in addition to the drug from our point of view we feel that uh early engagement is important and we see people every four weeks and that four- week checkup allows us to weigh that patient for them to have the accountability for us to check for side effects and whether it's appropriate to escalate the dose or not because we obviously are going through a titration in the first few months um and to check efficacy so sometimes we need to make a a switch um for patients between one drug or another that might be due to side effects or due to Effectiveness uh sometimes we need to keep people at the same dose and that's perfectly effective for them um and uh we'll talk about those experiences in a moment but um I think certainly I can't comment on other private providers um service but what I can say is I believe we're offering something that um has shown Effectiveness we've had significant weight loss across the board and um is working for individuals I've seen criticism recently from the NPA I believe that some private prescribing Services have led to seriously underweight people actually being prescribed glp1 receptor agonists how is this even possible well I can only imagine um that that's as a result of prescribing being done by question questionaire which is why the gphc have issued their guidance so um a lot of online providers have had a service where the patient fills in the questionnaire and uploads a photograph of themsel that hasn't been verified to date as being current and therefore people have accessed medication essentially by lying and perhaps not understanding the implication of that and the prescribing is made on that basis now that can't happen in a face Toof face situation because people jump on the scales and we measure their height and we do their waist calculate their BMI Etc so um that is one of the drivers behind the change in gphc guidance for online prescribing of these drugs I think it's an important um intervention to have made so in future that um current weight has got to be verified and a face-to-face online consultation has got to take place and I think that's really good use for the safe prescribing of this medication I spoke to a client this morning who um whose friend had uploaded a photograph from six months previously in order to confirm her BMI was higher than it actually was and so um I think it's uh it's you know any of these proc people will find a loophole if they if they want to um but for our part I can um state that we are able to verify the weight because it's happening in my consultation room I've also seen articles suggesting that fake drugs might be supplied and you mentioned this earlier on today um if someone is looking for a supply of these drugs on the internet what tips can you offer to make sure that they don't waste their money or buy something that might harm them it's like the supply of any medicine if you are choosing to go online then you must make sure that um that particular Pharmacy that you're accessing the service through is registered with the general pharmaceutical Council and they will have to have a logo with their gphc number on their website and you can pop that number into the gphc register to check that everything matches so that would be my first tip um if you can I would suggest contacting that um online provider directly to make sure that you are able to further verify their authenticity and you may also want to check um that uh where their supply chain comes you know where their supply of medication comes from I think people also need to be very mindful of you get what you pay for and if something is particularly cheap um then that's got to raise some alarm Bells so I think you know it's if you're going to offer a high quality safe secure service then there is a price associated with that and um ultimately you are paying for your health now I I'd like to focus on what we have learned over the past 12 to 18 months and my first question is do you need to take glp1 receptor agonists forever or can you just use them to get down to a desirable weight and then stop I think it's a really interesting question and one that I discussed very early on in the journey with my clients you know we discuss as early as that first consultation what their exit strategy is and how we might manage them coming off the medication and I it's very interesting there is nothing in either summary of product characteristics about coming off the drugs it's all about going on them and how you tie trait people up so as clinicians we are dare I say making it up in terms of what coming off the medication looks like and certainly we can look to some of the experience in America where they've had these drugs available for longer so I think there are a number of different ways that we can consider people coming off them um which would be our ultimate goal at the moment based on the data we've got I'll come back to that point the first is that people literally reach their goal rate goal weight and they stop stop the medication over that period um we are working with people to change the way they eat how they look at Food how they recognize the triggers for eating and the types of food that they're eating so essentially we're looking for long-term behavioral change but the reality Christine is that our body is biologically designed to want to gain the weight that we've lost it's not a myth the reality is that our body will drop its metabolic rate and it will also increase the um hunger hormones in response to us dropping our weight so by coming off the drug quickly you are in danger of fighting the biology of you know to to want to gain that weight so that's one strategy to come off quickly and we've had a couple of patients that have done that um often for things like a cost consider a you know they've reached their goal rate they've got goal weight they've got to where they wanted to get to and they're they're happy uh that they're not paying for treatment going forward um but but in in the two or three um examples that I've got they have regained some weight so before regaining it all they've come back and said I found that really quite difficult so can I go back on perhaps a lower dose to give me a bit of help to maintain my weight for a longer period and I'll come off it slower so the second strategy for coming off these drugs is to do what those initial clients have done which is come off the medication when you reach your goal weight but then to have a tolerance of what your weight gain might be before coming back on it so that's another option so perhaps look to If I gain half a stone or my BMI gets to this then I'm going to go back on the medication the other option is to come down the doses just as you went up them so let's for example say that you've taken yourself up to 2.4 semaglutide wovi um in five steps then you come down it in five steps so you're following once you've reached goal weight you go down to 1.7 for 4 weeks then you go down to 1 for 4 weeks then you go down to 0.5 for 4 weeks and then finally 0.25 before coming off that strategy seems to be much more beneficial in getting the body adapting to a lower amount of semaglutide in the system or to zepeti and allowing people to adapt to the behavioral changes that we've talked about and for perhaps their hunger hormones not to sort of kick in quite so quickly um nothing in the literature or the guidelines around that Christine that is you know there is nothing out there at all I think as clinicians we are Paving the way in terms of of our experience but certainly from my clinical experience that seems to be the best route forward and not go cold turkey so do some people actually need to take these drugs forever to answer your question are these drugs for life I think there's increasing debate because we know for example the select trial has shown that semaglutide is a cardiovascular drug as well as being a diabetes drug and a weight management drunk in other words you get better cardiovascular outcomes defined as reduced stroke and heart attacks in people that are overweight and obese irrespective of their weight loss so it isn't just a weight loss effect that's improving their cardiovascular outcomes and that is very exciting indeed for the cardiologists who feel quite strongly and it does have a license for this that it can be used for the prevention of cardiovascular events in people who have a BMI above 27 so this leads us to a possibility of people being on these drugs long term I have also seen articles suggesting that we are facing and I quote a future tsunami of sarcopenia and osteoporosis as a result of widespread use of GL P1 receptor agonists do you have any comments I do Christine I think it's important for us as clinicians to remember that we don't yet have long-term data and by that I mean 15 20 plus years data of the use of this medication certainly the signs are incredibly positive around the benefits that these medications are having you know weight loss is now the single most important contributor to death and we have to remember that it has a huge impact on mortality and morbidity and it is going to cost countries an absolute fortune in health care we're only tipping the iceberg but we know the impact on the UK is massive into the billions of pounds a year but from a safety perspective we always need to be mindful that we don't yet know the long-term impact of these drugs so we have to proceed with caution now the comment around uh sarcopenia and osteoporosis is an important one because they're linked to muscle loss and bone density loss the latter being connected to low weight so of course if you've got people who are not being monitored correctly who are taking it to be underweight then you are going to lead to those kind of issues hence the need for us to be responsible in now prescribing and to make sure that the gphc guidelines are [Music] implemented with respect to sarcopenia it's a really important one with any rapid weight loss wherever it comes from we can lose muscle rather than fat so alongside our guidelines with people and the counseling that we give it's important to maintain strength training throughout the use of these medications to keep your muscle ma Mass up we also extensively counsel people to eat protein food rich in protein because these drugs can have such a significant impact on appetite that people only want to eat maybe one meal a day and even then it's a small meal so if that's the case then you need to make sure that the food that you're eating in that one meal a day is high in nourishment that it is rich in protein that it is given you the Optimum Nutrition if somebody is having one meal a day and it's a few Oak cakes with Jam that's not going to give them the nourishment that they need so it's important that people understand the science that underpins their weight loss hence the need to have face-to-face clinician um patient uh dialogue and the contact and the support that's important during this process now you have been prescribing these drugs for 18 months or so and have some 70 patients under your care what have been the key learning points as you have developed your clinical experience of prescribing this class of medicines there of course have been many learning points um and the the ones that come immediately to mind are that no one patient is the same um we don't have any head-to-head clinical data around the side effects of one drug versus another so of course in that in the last 12 months we've had deeti mangaro come on the market which has given a choice so when in a consultation with a patient how do you make a decision about whether it should be semaglutide or tepati that we go forward with and so the learning over the course of the last 12 months has been very very interesting uh certainly my experience and some of the data would support that semaglutide as a glp1 analog only has a greater effect on sey and appetite and craving things than perhaps the combined um glp1 analog that tepati is with glucose dependent insulat Tropic polypeptide which is Gip however tepati we know from the clinical trials has a greater effect um on the way insulin works and therefore is particularly good for people that have um signs of pre-diabetes um have that metabolic kind of belly um and have perhaps been over wait for longer so it can be particularly effective in my clinical experience I don't have any trial work to support that other than to zepeti does it would seem give better weight loss uh based on the trial results so we know over a 12-month period the average weight loss on semaglutide is around 15% of body weight deepti is around 21 22% of body weight so in my own practice I would say I've seen greater weight loss with uh to zepeti um but it's not always the perfect choice for an individual that's very useful to know is there a similar pattern with side effects and tolerability we have had situations where somebody has had side effects that they can't tolerate on one medication but we switch them over to the other and they're absolutely fine um so and and it can work both ways so there's no one drug that has it would see more side effects than another um if I was going to make an anecdotal observation I would say the side effects are slightly lower on semaglutide but again no clinical data to support that um and I have quizzed both companies um but neither have the um data against the other which you would expect it's just against Placebo well if responses are so individual is the dose the same for everyone clinical experience would would absolutely tell me that uh no one patient is the same uh when we're escalating um for efficacy um over the different drugs um very interestingly many patients don't need to go up to the full dose so just to remind uh people that semaglutide has five doses as wovi licensed for weight loss it's 0.25 0.5 1 mgram 1.7 mgram and then the top dose is 2.4 mgram and the idea is to titrate people every 4 weeks up to the 2.4 milligram the effective clinical dose however in practice I've got individuals who are very happy stopping at perhaps .5 milligram or 1 milligram they're getting good efficacy they're tolerating the drug well and there is no clinical reason why we should escalate beyond that with tepati or mangaro we have six doses we have 2.5 5 mgram 7.5 mgram 10 mgram 12.5 and 15 milligram the majority of my clients are either on 5 milligram or 7.5 milligrams and that's giving them 3 to 4 kilog of weight loss a month it's well tolerated and they haven't needed to go to the top top doses however I have had clients that have had very little efficacy even at 10 milligrams and have had to go all the way up to 15 milligrams but it does seem that there's a point where efficacy Clicks in and it can be different for different clients so I think um that's been a really important learn is it easy to switch from the one drug to the other in practice I did mention earlier that sometimes we need to switch patients from One Drug to another and here this is quite a difficult decision for a clinician and I had a particular case where my client who has a very high BMI starting over 60 was going through we started her before to zepeti was uh available and uh we got up to 2.4 mgram but we weren't getting really the impact of the medication that we needed she'd lost a stone stone and a half but wasn't doing as well over that six-month period that we would have either she or or we would have liked to have seen and she was still feeling hungry so we discussed changing her to to epetite which had been then licensed and made available and um of course the guidance is that we go back to the beginning it's a bit like a game of snakes and ladders so you have to go back down to according to the license mangaro 2.5 uh this poor client uh fell off a cliff with respect to her um weight loss journey and it took us another three months to regroup and in fact she lost faith in um the drug and uh requested going back on semaglutide um and so in that particular instance it was a less hard learned as a clinician um and actually we've been more pragmatic since in terms of switching people over and um you know that's when the decision as a clinician becomes an off Lael one where you might make a decision if a drug has been particularly well tolerated to to go in at a higher entry um level in the alternative it's not an easy decision to make a risk assessment is made but it was a hard-learned lesson in terms of the psychological impact that something like that can have on a patient because we're following to the letter the requirements in the in the SPC so um we have a little bit more experience around switching I hope in the future we're going to have some uh guidelines around doing that which are more formal and pull together clinicians experience across the board MH and just a thought is there such a thing as a non-responder I would say there are some clients and um reviewing uh what I can out there who just don't respond at the top doses of either drug maybe a little bit but not uh whether that's a pharmacogenomic issue uh whether it's based on insulin uh resistance um and I think in that particular instance certainly um I've had one patient in that particular category a referral to an endocrinologist and perhaps looking at adding in uh one of the other um diabetes drugs in particular which seems to be able to enhance the response and of course we've got the excitement of new drugs coming on in the market in the future which will have other other properties so those have been my main main learns from a clinical point of view I think reinforcing everything I said earlier about the importance of Behavioral change of helping people around psychologically adapting to their new weight overcoming body dysmorphia um overcoming fear of eating properly again you know all of that requires a very careful management and counseling to support people on their Journey because we are all very different H what advice would you give to someone someone's starting weight loss treatment to achieve the best results I know that remedy Health has a leaflet about this for patients but perhaps you could just talk us through it the first thing is what to expect when starting your weight loss injection so um we we explained the science and and how it's going to work so people's expectations are clear we guide them through that first injection and we talk through the possible side effects we might even and if somebody's prone to constipation and that's being clear in their in their uh pre-consultation then we might um give them something a laxative to take with them um or if they're prone to um gastric reflux we might give them some gavison or something similar to take too um we talk about common the common side effects therefore we councel them to watch out for more serious side effects for example pancreatitis although the jury is still out around the the real risk of that uh we talk about appetite suppression and when that might kick in um so that's important because for some people it might be immediate within a day or so for others they it might be more cumul accumulative um in terms of the effect it has and for some they might need to go up a dose or two before they notice a difference so I think it's important that people understand that in terms of their expectations I make it very clear that this doesn't burn calories so the only way that you're going to lose weight is to be in calorie deficit it so that's increasing activity and reducing what you eat so if you continue to drive through and push through um all the cues that your body's giving you that you're now full and that you're not hungry then uh you will not lose weight that's the simple simple message so we say to people take time for the injection to work be patient but to also put in strategies for weight loss alongside it this gives you some additional discipline and willpower it's not going to do the leg work for you we also recommend that people find the foods that are going to be safe for them to eat a wide breadth of food protein reduce the amount of carbohydrates that they're eating uh lots of fruit and vegetables particularly vegetables um to increase the nourishment that they're getting to avoid high fat foods high sugar foods not to drink fizzy drinks all the kind of tips and techniques that you would put in place for a weight management diet um important to maintain muscle through physical activity H just a thought do we eat too much I think as well we've all got used to eating too much our portion sizes are big we eat more frequently than we should do and we're used we've almost set in our mind well if I don't eat breakfast then I'm going to feel laded by lunchtime the reality is we can eat a lot less than we actually put into our bodies and actually the feedback that I've had from clients is um I had no idea that I could have so much energy on eating so little um so I think that's an important message that actually we probably feel quite tired and sluggish because of the amount of food that we're eating and when we're eating and the types of food that we're eating so that's an important message a lot of clients feedback that these drugs reduce food noise what do I mean by that well this constant chit chatter in our heads where's the next m is it time for breakfast yet should I have a snack where's my next cappuccino what have I got in the fridge when do I need to go to the supermarket what am I going to eat tonight are we going out tonight are we going out for pizza or whatever it might be the chitter chatter in our heads about food which seems to escalate if we go on a diet suddenly food becomes the primary focus and what we can't have what these medicines seem to do is just dial that down or switch it off completely to the point where people will say blim me I got to 3:00 in the afternoon I realized I hadn't eaten anything yet so it's important therefore as I mentioned earlier that if people are on these medications that they need to really focus on nourishment nutrition and to make sure they're eating the right things they might need to take some additional supplements particularly of course at this time of year vitamin D um and to make sure that their protein levels are high and of course protein has High s dirty value so if you get into the habit of eating more protein not only does that help with your muscle mass but it helps longterm in terms of changing your food habits away from carbs into protein which in its own right keeps you Fuller for longer I would also say be patient I don't know how that individual in front of me is going to respond to the weight loss uh medication I had a young client in this morning and she's lost over two Stone in 3 months she feels amazing she's got loads of energy and she's doing really well um I've had another client who's taken three months to lose half a stone so we're all different and standing back and thinking about weight loss Services is it a worthwhile service to offer it's um it but it is an incredibly joyous service to offer because it's creating results and people feel in control and they feel so much better but importantly we're reducing the risk of type 2 diabetes of cardiovascular disease for every single kilogram of weight lost individuals will have 4 kilograms of weight reduced through their joints so we know that it's going to reduce pressure on knees for example has an effect on a whole host of body systems as well as people's mental health so in my consultation room which we're not in at the moment otherwise I'd get them out I have sets of weights and I have a big large body piece of 5 kilogram fat which people see when they've lost 5 kilos then they know how much they've lost and today I was able to give my client the equivalent of her 15 kilograms of weight lost neither of us could lift it we were really struggling so it really it really helps to understand what impact that weight loss is having so that it can you can feel more motivated to keep it off long term and now my last question the service that you offer is private paid for by the patient separate from the NHS does this present any problems on that note I just want to say something about the visibility of private services to the NHS so if somebody is prescribed a medication privately it's not necessarily automatic that that then becomes visible to their GP we don't have any need access to the summary care records for example we don't have read or write access to the summary care records so um the gphc guidance that's been published this week um has now put weight management drugs and injections into high-risk category I would say prescribed correctly they're not high-risk drugs however the reason for doing this is to ensure that the default is that the prescriber informs the patient G P by consent from that patient that they're on these medications I think that's really important um that GPS have visibility a lot of patients might tell their GP anyway but it's quite a sensitive area and so some people don't want anyone to know they hide it from their family and the reason for that is that um there may be some interactions that individual might get pregnant there's a whole host of different issues that other providers of of patient's Health um and arguably the GP as the lead provider of that patient's Health should uh have full knowledge of um and just to give you one very small example I've got a patient um and there must be many out there who is planning elective surgery so she asked for my advice around what she should do about her glp1 analog going into surgery now interestingly MH last week published a bulletin around the use of anesthesia um when people are on JP 1s and the risk of pulmonary aspiration because if we're delaying stomach emptying then the usual fasting timelines may not be sufficient to um make for safe anesthesia and in fact a colleague of mine is a neati and we've been having a very spirited debate over the last week or so and at the end of the day um people should continue with their medication unless they're advis otherwise but inform their an anst that they are on these drugs that's great if you're going into elective surgery however if you're in an emergency situation and you need an anesthetic then it's always useful for that to be somewhere on your record so that people can make the right decisions about your care Deborah Evans thank you very much for talking to us about this fascinating topic that really has been tremendous tremendously interesting and thought-provoking for more information about Deborah Evans work remedy Health please visit the website using the links in the description and be sure to subscribe for more news videos journals and podcasts for update straight to your inbox please follow the links below and thanks for watching

- GLP-1 RAs – where are we now? What have we learned?: Kind: captions Language: en hello and welcome to this episode of in discussion with from Medical Update online today I'm talking to Deborah Evans about glp1 receptor agonists that is the fat Jabs and what we have learned over the past 12 to 18 months Deborah we've spoken before but all the same could you start by introducing yourself my name is Deborah Evans I've been a pharmacist for almost 40 years I run a private clinic and Pharmacy in Winchester in Hampshire which is now 3 years old we offer a wide range of services and my particular passion and uh speciality includes women's hormonal Health param menopause menopause contraception and more recently weight management and can you give us a brief overview of your role what your current job involves so my role covers a wide range of activities as you can imagine as an independent business owner I lead and manage my team uh run all the finance and support the operational processes within the organization I I'm also superintendent pharmacist and take a role as Clinical Director but importantly for me I spend probably around 80% of my time in the clinic facing clients now about 18 months ago we talked about the Weight Management Service that you run from remedy Health focusing specifically on glp1 receptor agonists since then I think it's fair to say there's been an explosion in the use of these products and interest in these products uh and news media and internet are a washed with articles about them so it seems like a good time to take stock and my first question then is have the glp1 receptor agonists lived up to their promise and indeed the hype and are they a safe easy and convenient way to lose weight so our experience over the last 12 to 18 months has been that this really is the first time we've had anything that's effective for weight loss and from that point of view they truly are a game changer in the way to support people to get to a healthy weight and by doing so are making a big difference to health outcomes and I don't think we should forget that with respect to a safe um effective way of um helping people to lose weight certainly the experience has been very positive so far um out of around 70 patients that I'm currently supporting we've possibly had uh three that have discontinued use due to side effects but otherwise they seem to be pretty well tolerated we take great care in supporting people for safe effective weight loss and of course it's not just about the injection alone but we'll be talking about that a little bit later since we last spoke te eptide Manjaro has been launched could you just briefly explain the differences between the two products semaglutide and tepati yes of course so semaglutide is a glp1 analog and tepid is also a glp1 analog it's a jel Agonist which means it has a secondary effect which is that it is a glucose dependent insul Tropic polypeptide but we thankfully abbreviate that to Gip so it works on those receptors so if we focus first on the glp1 effect um these medications inhibit the release of glucagon um that's a hormone that raises blood sugar and promotes glucose production in the liver so by lowering glucose uh glucagon levels we get a um more stable blood sugar and they also slow the rate at which food leaves the stomach and enters the intestines so that improves um how full we feel so our sey levels go up after eating and reduces the uh sudden increase in blood glucose um after we've eaten so that post prandi or blood glucose Rise um we also see that the um gluc uh glp1 receptor in the brain are activated and that reduces hunger and food intake and there is some um research being undertaken at the moment because seems to have an effect on addiction and certainly I've had some clients who've um given up smoking reduced alcohol intake significantly as well as as well as some addictive um uh behaviors such as gambling as a result of taking these medications so that's work in progress to see what the evidence will will generate around that um but the effect in the brain seems to contribute to weight loss because it reduces that noise that we were talking about the the the food noise um but also um stops people uh eating Beyond being full so there seems to be an effect on the uh beta cells in the pancreas as well um and slows the progression of type 2 diabetes and I've certainly seen where we've monitored people's hba1c A Drop In hba1c from pre-diabetes to normal levels which is great news now the Gip effect is um in addition to glp and it seems to enhance insulin secretion uh particularly during meals and complements the glp1 effect so you you see a synergistic effect between the two um Agonist actions so it also seems to improve insulin sensitivity and of course type 2 diabetes and metabolic disease is all about insulin resistance um and that includes sensitivity in muscles and fat so um it seems to also with this Synergy with jp1 reduce hunger and improve energy balance I mean the bottom line is we don't know fully how these drugs affect we certainly don't know how they improve cardiovascular outcomes if we talk about semaglutide specifically um but uh we do know that they have from the clinical outcomes a positive effect on uh hba1c cardiovascular outcomes and on weight as we know the less common side effects of any medicine only become apparent after wide usage of the product can you say anything more now about the side effects of glp1 receptor agonists in practice as we know the glp1 uh receptor analoges they work by delaying gastric emptying as well as causing sey and reducing appetite so having some Direct effects it seems uh within the brain so the most common side effects and the ones that we counsel people about so they're prepared for them are related to that delayed gastric emptying so they tend to be things like reflux nausea rarely vomiting it's very rare for somebody to have vomiting in my experience um and uh constipation diarrhea can happen in some patients it's sort of counterintuitive to the uh delayed gastric emptying but it can happen and it is listed as a common side effect those are the main issues some people can feel tired that's been a rare side effect in my clinical experience but um we can support people and in fact we do give people a lot of support around being prepared for those side effects so for example having some antacid available to deal with reflux um having something for such as laramide available if their gut is loose um fiber you know um the osmotic and um fiber laxatives um making sure people drink plenty of water and one of the main reasons people have gastric issues is if they overdo it so if they over indulge if they eat something that's particularly rich or if they put too much into their stomach and their stomach catches up with how much is in their tummy because of the delayed gastric emptying then that's when they can experience difficulties so they quickly learn what they can and cannot eat and how much they should eat and can you say anything about the more serious side effects that have occasionally made headlines in the mainstream media when when a any drug is new to Market whatever it is for then we are as prescribers and should you know and as pharmacists acutely aware of reporting side effects and being mindful that any drug is about risk versus benefit and this slightly leads into um the conversation we're going to have about the general pharmaceutical council's um revised guidance for online prescribing when I'm sat with a patient face to face in the clinic I'm able to check their BMI their weight go through all comorbidities look at any other medication they might be in and together we come up with a prescribing decision based on the benefits and the signific ific benefits of losing weight and becoming a healthy weight versus the risks that may or may not be associated with that particular medication so it is a really important discussion to be had I cannot say whether any particular situation is related directly related to a drug or not none of us can until it's being fully investigated um but I think it's an important lesson for all of us to make sure that we're safely prescribed ring as much as we can that we involve the individual in the decision making and that the risks are weighed up against the benefits well that takes us on quite nicely how should people obtain supplies of glp1 receptor agonists well Christine I'm always going to say see a healthc care professional face Toof face because this is so much more than prescribing in a consultation here at remedy Health we spend 45 minutes with with an individual going through their health history any comorbidities any allergies any medications they might be on a full clinical history as well as probing and understanding their relationship with food the psychology are they emotional eater um do they have problems with Hunger um a whole host of different questions we explore Lifestyle the kinds of foods that they're eating and our goal is always to seek a long-term healthy weight and at some stage they will come off the medication so how do you make sure that you're getting long-term behavioral change so I am trained in behavioral change techniques as well as motivational interviewing so face Toof face an individual gets the right kind of intervention for them and we can make a choice as well whether it should be semaglutide or tepati based on that individual's profile we go through side effects risks benefits and then we're able to supply the medication directly in the appointment whilst they're in the clinic and in fact we often supervise the administration of their first dose so that we can go through injection technique give them the confidence that they're doing it properly and we of course use all the main supply chain routs so our major wholesalers so these drugs are not um counterfeits they are sourced through through the manufacturer and they have the appropriate supply chain uh Securities so I I think online particularly if it's not from a registered online pharmacy and why would the public know any different um is asking for trouble and we do know from the MH that there have been some hospitalizations from people who have administered drug that isn't as it says it is and it's counterfeit h I'm wondering if you are eligible for Supply via the National Health Service isn't that the right way to go so from a license perspective eligibility is from a BMI of 30 or a BMI of 27 if that's at least one other comorbidity that qualifies so for example high blood pressure high cholesterol pre-diabetes Etc however that is different to how Services might commissioned by the NHS in your local area so um I have had conversations with clients who've accessed this service in line with the licensed recommendations privately and they would be eligible potentially under the NHS however they've either not been heavy enough because the threshold for entering the NHS has been higher than the licensed BMI so 35 Plus depending on resources in an area um and um if they do meet the criteria locally what they're finding is there can be a significant waiting list and delay in having medication prescribed so um the soonest I've heard of somebody being prescribed is um a possibility of 12 to 13 weeks the longest is a waiting list of over a year um furthermore they may or may not be offered the choice of either product it depends on how it's being commissioned so in one particular instance um a client that's come to us um felt and together we felt actually that his epaid would be a better choice he's got pre-diabetes um and whilst both drugs are effective um we felt that um tepati would would be more effective for this individual but that wasn't on offer to him via the NHS and he had a significant waiting time before being put on it so um to answer your question um if somebody is heavy enough and meets the criteria they should always have a conversation with their GP um but having made a decision to go down this route and to make a change and to adjust their weight uh for their health then uh sometimes time is of the essence and you want to get cracking and just following on there what kind of support do you offer in addition to the drug from our point of view we feel that uh early engagement is important and we see people every four weeks and that four- week checkup allows us to weigh that patient for them to have the accountability for us to check for side effects and whether it's appropriate to escalate the dose or not because we obviously are going through a titration in the first few months um and to check efficacy so sometimes we need to make a a switch um for patients between one drug or another that might be due to side effects or due to Effectiveness uh sometimes we need to keep people at the same dose and that's perfectly effective for them um and uh we'll talk about those experiences in a moment but um I think certainly I can't comment on other private providers um service but what I can say is I believe we're offering something that um has shown Effectiveness we've had significant weight loss across the board and um is working for individuals I've seen criticism recently from the NPA I believe that some private prescribing Services have led to seriously underweight people actually being prescribed glp1 receptor agonists how is this even possible well I can only imagine um that that's as a result of prescribing being done by question questionaire which is why the gphc have issued their guidance so um a lot of online providers have had a service where the patient fills in the questionnaire and uploads a photograph of themsel that hasn't been verified to date as being current and therefore people have accessed medication essentially by lying and perhaps not understanding the implication of that and the prescribing is made on that basis now that can't happen in a face Toof face situation because people jump on the scales and we measure their height and we do their waist calculate their BMI Etc so um that is one of the drivers behind the change in gphc guidance for online prescribing of these drugs I think it's an important um intervention to have made so in future that um current weight has got to be verified and a face-to-face online consultation has got to take place and I think that's really good use for the safe prescribing of this medication I spoke to a client this morning who um whose friend had uploaded a photograph from six months previously in order to confirm her BMI was higher than it actually was and so um I think it's uh it's you know any of these proc people will find a loophole if they if they want to um but for our part I can um state that we are able to verify the weight because it's happening in my consultation room I've also seen articles suggesting that fake drugs might be supplied and you mentioned this earlier on today um if someone is looking for a supply of these drugs on the internet what tips can you offer to make sure that they don't waste their money or buy something that might harm them it's like the supply of any medicine if you are choosing to go online then you must make sure that um that particular Pharmacy that you're accessing the service through is registered with the general pharmaceutical Council and they will have to have a logo with their gphc number on their website and you can pop that number into the gphc register to check that everything matches so that would be my first tip um if you can I would suggest contacting that um online provider directly to make sure that you are able to further verify their authenticity and you may also want to check um that uh where their supply chain comes you know where their supply of medication comes from I think people also need to be very mindful of you get what you pay for and if something is particularly cheap um then that's got to raise some alarm Bells so I think you know it's if you're going to offer a high quality safe secure service then there is a price associated with that and um ultimately you are paying for your health now I I'd like to focus on what we have learned over the past 12 to 18 months and my first question is do you need to take glp1 receptor agonists forever or can you just use them to get down to a desirable weight and then stop I think it's a really interesting question and one that I discussed very early on in the journey with my clients you know we discuss as early as that first consultation what their exit strategy is and how we might manage them coming off the medication and I it's very interesting there is nothing in either summary of product characteristics about coming off the drugs it's all about going on them and how you tie trait people up so as clinicians we are dare I say making it up in terms of what coming off the medication looks like and certainly we can look to some of the experience in America where they've had these drugs available for longer so I think there are a number of different ways that we can consider people coming off them um which would be our ultimate goal at the moment based on the data we've got I'll come back to that point the first is that people literally reach their goal rate goal weight and they stop stop the medication over that period um we are working with people to change the way they eat how they look at Food how they recognize the triggers for eating and the types of food that they're eating so essentially we're looking for long-term behavioral change but the reality Christine is that our body is biologically designed to want to gain the weight that we've lost it's not a myth the reality is that our body will drop its metabolic rate and it will also increase the um hunger hormones in response to us dropping our weight so by coming off the drug quickly you are in danger of fighting the biology of you know to to want to gain that weight so that's one strategy to come off quickly and we've had a couple of patients that have done that um often for things like a cost consider a you know they've reached their goal rate they've got goal weight they've got to where they wanted to get to and they're they're happy uh that they're not paying for treatment going forward um but but in in the two or three um examples that I've got they have regained some weight so before regaining it all they've come back and said I found that really quite difficult so can I go back on perhaps a lower dose to give me a bit of help to maintain my weight for a longer period and I'll come off it slower so the second strategy for coming off these drugs is to do what those initial clients have done which is come off the medication when you reach your goal weight but then to have a tolerance of what your weight gain might be before coming back on it so that's another option so perhaps look to If I gain half a stone or my BMI gets to this then I'm going to go back on the medication the other option is to come down the doses just as you went up them so let's for example say that you've taken yourself up to 2.4 semaglutide wovi um in five steps then you come down it in five steps so you're following once you've reached goal weight you go down to 1.7 for 4 weeks then you go down to 1 for 4 weeks then you go down to 0.5 for 4 weeks and then finally 0.25 before coming off that strategy seems to be much more beneficial in getting the body adapting to a lower amount of semaglutide in the system or to zepeti and allowing people to adapt to the behavioral changes that we've talked about and for perhaps their hunger hormones not to sort of kick in quite so quickly um nothing in the literature or the guidelines around that Christine that is you know there is nothing out there at all I think as clinicians we are Paving the way in terms of of our experience but certainly from my clinical experience that seems to be the best route forward and not go cold turkey so do some people actually need to take these drugs forever to answer your question are these drugs for life I think there's increasing debate because we know for example the select trial has shown that semaglutide is a cardiovascular drug as well as being a diabetes drug and a weight management drunk in other words you get better cardiovascular outcomes defined as reduced stroke and heart attacks in people that are overweight and obese irrespective of their weight loss so it isn't just a weight loss effect that's improving their cardiovascular outcomes and that is very exciting indeed for the cardiologists who feel quite strongly and it does have a license for this that it can be used for the prevention of cardiovascular events in people who have a BMI above 27 so this leads us to a possibility of people being on these drugs long term I have also seen articles suggesting that we are facing and I quote a future tsunami of sarcopenia and osteoporosis as a result of widespread use of GL P1 receptor agonists do you have any comments I do Christine I think it's important for us as clinicians to remember that we don't yet have long-term data and by that I mean 15 20 plus years data of the use of this medication certainly the signs are incredibly positive around the benefits that these medications are having you know weight loss is now the single most important contributor to death and we have to remember that it has a huge impact on mortality and morbidity and it is going to cost countries an absolute fortune in health care we're only tipping the iceberg but we know the impact on the UK is massive into the billions of pounds a year but from a safety perspective we always need to be mindful that we don't yet know the long-term impact of these drugs so we have to proceed with caution now the comment around uh sarcopenia and osteoporosis is an important one because they're linked to muscle loss and bone density loss the latter being connected to low weight so of course if you've got people who are not being monitored correctly who are taking it to be underweight then you are going to lead to those kind of issues hence the need for us to be responsible in now prescribing and to make sure that the gphc guidelines are [Music] implemented with respect to sarcopenia it's a really important one with any rapid weight loss wherever it comes from we can lose muscle rather than fat so alongside our guidelines with people and the counseling that we give it's important to maintain strength training throughout the use of these medications to keep your muscle ma Mass up we also extensively counsel people to eat protein food rich in protein because these drugs can have such a significant impact on appetite that people only want to eat maybe one meal a day and even then it's a small meal so if that's the case then you need to make sure that the food that you're eating in that one meal a day is high in nourishment that it is rich in protein that it is given you the Optimum Nutrition if somebody is having one meal a day and it's a few Oak cakes with Jam that's not going to give them the nourishment that they need so it's important that people understand the science that underpins their weight loss hence the need to have face-to-face clinician um patient uh dialogue and the contact and the support that's important during this process now you have been prescribing these drugs for 18 months or so and have some 70 patients under your care what have been the key learning points as you have developed your clinical experience of prescribing this class of medicines there of course have been many learning points um and the the ones that come immediately to mind are that no one patient is the same um we don't have any head-to-head clinical data around the side effects of one drug versus another so of course in that in the last 12 months we've had deeti mangaro come on the market which has given a choice so when in a consultation with a patient how do you make a decision about whether it should be semaglutide or tepati that we go forward with and so the learning over the course of the last 12 months has been very very interesting uh certainly my experience and some of the data would support that semaglutide as a glp1 analog only has a greater effect on sey and appetite and craving things than perhaps the combined um glp1 analog that tepati is with glucose dependent insulat Tropic polypeptide which is Gip however tepati we know from the clinical trials has a greater effect um on the way insulin works and therefore is particularly good for people that have um signs of pre-diabetes um have that metabolic kind of belly um and have perhaps been over wait for longer so it can be particularly effective in my clinical experience I don't have any trial work to support that other than to zepeti does it would seem give better weight loss uh based on the trial results so we know over a 12-month period the average weight loss on semaglutide is around 15% of body weight deepti is around 21 22% of body weight so in my own practice I would say I've seen greater weight loss with uh to zepeti um but it's not always the perfect choice for an individual that's very useful to know is there a similar pattern with side effects and tolerability we have had situations where somebody has had side effects that they can't tolerate on one medication but we switch them over to the other and they're absolutely fine um so and and it can work both ways so there's no one drug that has it would see more side effects than another um if I was going to make an anecdotal observation I would say the side effects are slightly lower on semaglutide but again no clinical data to support that um and I have quizzed both companies um but neither have the um data against the other which you would expect it's just against Placebo well if responses are so individual is the dose the same for everyone clinical experience would would absolutely tell me that uh no one patient is the same uh when we're escalating um for efficacy um over the different drugs um very interestingly many patients don't need to go up to the full dose so just to remind uh people that semaglutide has five doses as wovi licensed for weight loss it's 0.25 0.5 1 mgram 1.7 mgram and then the top dose is 2.4 mgram and the idea is to titrate people every 4 weeks up to the 2.4 milligram the effective clinical dose however in practice I've got individuals who are very happy stopping at perhaps .5 milligram or 1 milligram they're getting good efficacy they're tolerating the drug well and there is no clinical reason why we should escalate beyond that with tepati or mangaro we have six doses we have 2.5 5 mgram 7.5 mgram 10 mgram 12.5 and 15 milligram the majority of my clients are either on 5 milligram or 7.5 milligrams and that's giving them 3 to 4 kilog of weight loss a month it's well tolerated and they haven't needed to go to the top top doses however I have had clients that have had very little efficacy even at 10 milligrams and have had to go all the way up to 15 milligrams but it does seem that there's a point where efficacy Clicks in and it can be different for different clients so I think um that's been a really important learn is it easy to switch from the one drug to the other in practice I did mention earlier that sometimes we need to switch patients from One Drug to another and here this is quite a difficult decision for a clinician and I had a particular case where my client who has a very high BMI starting over 60 was going through we started her before to zepeti was uh available and uh we got up to 2.4 mgram but we weren't getting really the impact of the medication that we needed she'd lost a stone stone and a half but wasn't doing as well over that six-month period that we would have either she or or we would have liked to have seen and she was still feeling hungry so we discussed changing her to to epetite which had been then licensed and made available and um of course the guidance is that we go back to the beginning it's a bit like a game of snakes and ladders so you have to go back down to according to the license mangaro 2.5 uh this poor client uh fell off a cliff with respect to her um weight loss journey and it took us another three months to regroup and in fact she lost faith in um the drug and uh requested going back on semaglutide um and so in that particular instance it was a less hard learned as a clinician um and actually we've been more pragmatic since in terms of switching people over and um you know that's when the decision as a clinician becomes an off label one where you might make a decision if a drug has been particularly well tolerated to to go in at a higher entry um level in the alternative it's not an easy decision to make a risk assessment is made but it was a hard-learned lesson in terms of the psychological impact that something like that can have on a patient because we're following to the letter the requirements in the in the SPC so um we have a little bit more experience around switching I hope in the future we're going to have some uh guidelines around doing that which are more formal and pull together clinicians experience across the board MH and just a thought is there such a thing as a non-responder I would say there are some clients and um reviewing uh what I can out there who just don't respond at the top doses of either drug maybe a little bit but not uh whether that's a pharmacogenomic issue uh whether it's based on insulin uh resistance um and I think in that particular instance certainly um I've had one patient in that particular category a referral to an endocrinologist and perhaps looking at adding in uh one of the other um diabetes drugs in particular which seems to be able to enhance the response and of course we've got the excitement of new drugs coming on in the market in the future which will have other other properties so those have been my main main learns from a clinical point of view I think reinforcing everything I said earlier about the importance of Behavioral change of helping people around psychologically adapting to their new weight overcoming body dysmorphia um overcoming fear of eating properly again you know all of that requires a very careful management and counseling to support people on their Journey because we are all very different H what advice would you give to someone someone's starting weight loss treatment to achieve the best results I know that remedy Health has a leaflet about this for patients but perhaps you could just talk us through it the first thing is what to expect when starting your weight loss injection so um we we explained the science and and how it's going to work so people's expectations are clear we guide them through that first injection and we talk through the possible side effects we might even and if somebody's prone to constipation and that's being clear in their in their uh pre-consultation then we might um give them something a laxative to take with them um or if they're prone to um gastric reflux we might give them some gavison or something similar to take too um we talk about common the common side effects therefore we councel them to watch out for more serious side effects for example pancreatitis although the jury is still out around the the real risk of that uh we talk about appetite suppression and when that might kick in um so that's important because for some people it might be immediate within a day or so for others they it might be more cumul accumulative um in terms of the effect it has and for some they might need to go up a dose or two before they notice a difference so I think it's important that people understand that in terms of their expectations I make it very clear that this doesn't burn calories so the only way that you're going to lose weight is to be in calorie deficit it so that's increasing activity and reducing what you eat so if you continue to drive through and push through um all the cues that your body's giving you that you're now full and that you're not hungry then uh you will not lose weight that's the simple simple message so we say to people take time for the injection to work be patient but to also put in strategies for weight loss alongside it this gives you some additional discipline and willpower it's not going to do the leg work for you we also recommend that people find the foods that are going to be safe for them to eat a wide breadth of food protein reduce the amount of carbohydrates that they're eating uh lots of fruit and vegetables particularly vegetables um to increase the nourishment that they're getting to avoid high fat foods high sugar foods not to drink fizzy drinks all the kind of tips and techniques that you would put in place for a weight management diet um important to maintain muscle through physical activity H just a thought do we eat too much I think as well we've all got used to eating too much our portion sizes are big we eat more frequently than we should do and we're used we've almost set in our mind well if I don't eat breakfast then I'm going to feel laded by lunchtime the reality is we can eat a lot less than we actually put into our bodies and actually the feedback that I've had from clients is um I had no idea that I could have so much energy on eating so little um so I think that's an important message that actually we probably feel quite tired and sluggish because of the amount of food that we're eating and when we're eating and the types of food that we're eating so that's an important message a lot of clients feedback that these drugs reduce food noise what do I mean by that well this constant chit chatter in our heads where's the next m is it time for breakfast yet should I have a snack where's my next cappuccino what have I got in the fridge when do I need to go to the supermarket what am I going to eat tonight are we going out tonight are we going out for pizza or whatever it might be the chitter chatter in our heads about food which seems to escalate if we go on a diet suddenly food becomes the primary focus and what we can't have what these medicines seem to do is just dial that down or switch it off completely to the point where people will say blim me I got to 3:00 in the afternoon I realized I hadn't eaten anything yet so it's important therefore as I mentioned earlier that if people are on these medications that they need to really focus on nourishment nutrition and to make sure they're eating the right things they might need to take some additional supplements particularly of course at this time of year vitamin D um and to make sure that their protein levels are high and of course protein has High s dirty value so if you get into the habit of eating more protein not only does that help with your muscle mass but it helps longterm in terms of changing your food habits away from carbs into protein which in its own right keeps you Fuller for longer I would also say be patient I don't know how that individual in front of me is going to respond to the weight loss uh medication I had a young client in this morning and she's lost over two Stone in 3 months she feels amazing she's got loads of energy and she's doing really well um I've had another client who's taken three months to lose half a stone so we're all different and standing back and thinking about weight loss Services is it a worthwhile service to offer it's um it but it is an incredibly joyous service to offer because it's creating results and people feel in control and they feel so much better but importantly we're reducing the risk of type 2 diabetes of cardiovascular disease for every single kilogram of weight lost individuals will have 4 kilograms of weight reduced through their joints so we know that it's going to reduce pressure on knees for example has an effect on a whole host of body systems as well as people's mental health so in my consultation room which we're not in at the moment otherwise I'd get them out I have sets of weights and I have a big large body piece of 5 kilogram fat which people see when they've lost 5 kilos then they know how much they've lost and today I was able to give my client the equivalent of her 15 kilograms of weight lost neither of us could lift it we were really struggling so it really it really helps to understand what impact that weight loss is having so that it can you can feel more motivated to keep it off long term and now my last question the service that you offer is private paid for by the patient separate from the NHS does this present any problems on that note I just want to say something about the visibility of private services to the NHS so if somebody is prescribed a medication privately it's not necessarily automatic that that then becomes visible to their GP we don't have any need access to the summary care records for example we don't have read or write access to the summary care records so um the gphc guidance that's been published this week um has now put weight management drugs and injections into high-risk category I would say prescribed correctly they're not high-risk drugs however the reason for doing this is to ensure that the default is that the prescriber informs the patient G P by consent from that patient that they're on these medications I think that's really important um that GPS have visibility a lot of patients might tell their GP anyway but it's quite a sensitive area and so some people don't want anyone to know they hide it from their family and the reason for that is that um there may be some interactions that individual might get pregnant there's a whole host of different issues that other providers of of patient's Health um and arguably the GP as the lead provider of that patient's Health should uh have full knowledge of um and just to give you one very small example I've got a patient um and there must be many out there who is planning elective surgery so she asked for my advice around what she should do about her glp1 analog going into surgery now interestingly MH last week published a bulletin around the use of anesthesia um when people are on JP 1s and the risk of pulmonary aspiration because if we're delaying stomach emptying then the usual fasting timelines may not be sufficient to um make for safe anesthesia and in fact a colleague of mine is a neati and we've been having a very spirited debate over the last week or so and at the end of the day um people should continue with their medication unless they're advis otherwise but inform their an anst that they are on these drugs that's great if you're going into elective surgery however if you're in an emergency situation and you need an anesthetic then it's always useful for that to be somewhere on your record so that people can make the right decisions about your care Deborah Evans thank you very much for talking to us about this fascinating topic that really has been tremendous tremendously interesting and thought-provoking for more information about Deborah Evans work remedy Health please visit the website using the links in the description and be sure to subscribe for more news videos journals and podcasts for update straight to your inbox please follow the links below and thanks for watching

- The 20 GLP-1 Answers to Finally Lose Weight! PART 2: Kind: captions Language: en Everybody's losing weight but you. Everybody's losing weight but you. Isn't that what it feels like right now? Well, the reality is there's new tools to help you lose weight. There's new tools to help you get healthy. You've heard them whispered in halls. You've seen them talked about on TV. They're called GLP-1s. The brands are Ozempic, Mounjaro, Wegovy. And they're a little bit mysterious and people say you're cheating. This is the second video in a two-part series that my wife Lorraine and I have filmed that give you the top 20 questions that our viewers wish they knew before they started taking GLP-1s. It includes not only your fears and your hopes, but it includes the practical of what are the side effects? How do I get these medications? So, as you can tell, I'm here all by myself. We're going to cut now to my wife and I having the conversation because when we originally filmed this, it was filmed as one very long video. When I got to editing, I decided that's kind of long, so we'll split it in two. And it just allows each of the 10 sets of questions to breathe. So, if you haven't already, please take a moment to like and subscribe this video. It ensures every time we publish a video, it will alert you to what we're doing. In addition to that, I'd like to remind you that Lorraine and I are not doctors. We're just an average suburban couple. If you need help with these medications, whether that be starting, stopping, or adjusting your dosing, please talk to your doctor about your health care. All right, on to the second set of 10. Number 11, what if I start this and it does not work for me because I am flawed or different or just broken somehow? Yeah, for most people this will work. For a small percent of the population, what do we think it's at now? Like 10% of the population, these medications won't work. So, unfortunately, if you're one of the unlucky one out of 10 people that this does not work for, you know what? I wouldn't give up hope yet because there are new medications being developed that are going to come out in 2026, 2027, and beyond. And chances are one of those will work for you. That always stinks when we we do occasionally talk to someone who says this this just didn't work for me and why. And doctors really don't know why it works for most people and not others. And let but let me be really abundantly clear because it's important. I interviewed a doctor. We were in Atlanta. And the quote he said, and I'll paraphrase him, was, "If you're not losing weight or not successful with these medications, it is not your fault. It is the fault of the drug. It is the drug that has failed you. And right now medicine essentially has two different drugs. They have semaglutide and tirzepatide. As new ones come out, there will be other options. So, it's not that you're flawed. You are not broken. There is nothing wrong with you. You may well have the disease of obesity, but the medicine may not be there yet. But if you're losing any weight at all, or if you're type 2 diabetic and it's lowering your A1C, or if you have sleep apnea and it's helping your sleep apnea, or if you have inflammation and it's helping your inflammation, the drugs are working. And it's a matter of moving forward with the treatment. So, we see people who are successful with these drugs at every level, but there's what's called a titration process, which is a big word. Nobody knows what titration is, right? But essentially, in both semaglutide and tirzepatide, Wegovy and Zepbound, you start on a very, very low dose. And you start on a very, very low dose because if you don't, the side effects would be bad and your body has to get used to it. And then periodically, you move up on that dose. And it gets a little bit stronger each time you titrate, each time you move up, such that you're trying to maximize weight loss and minimize side effects. That's why working with your doctor is so important. It is possible if you move up too quickly, if you say, "I want to lose weight faster." and you move up too quickly, that will make you sick. Turns out moving up faster doesn't actually make you lose more weight, but it might make you sick. So, work with your doctor, but it's there's nothing wrong with you. You are you are a great just the way you are. And number 12, everyone says these medications are expensive, but I also hear prices are coming down. What is actually happening with costs right now? Uh they are expensive. Prices are coming down. So, in January 2026, these medications are priced the lowest we've seen them at at any point on our two-year journey, right? So, the big pharma manufacturers, Eli Lilly and Novo Nordisk, has lowered their prices somewhat. Now, if you're covered by insurance, you've won the lottery. Congratulations. If you're not, they have some direct pay cash programs that don't require insurance. So, you can go to Eli Lilly's website and Novo Nordisk's website for an update on exactly what those prices are at the the time that you're watching this because honestly, things are changing rapidly and I don't want to give out any incorrect information. But for me, the lowest prices are still compounded medications. You need to check your insurance and see what's covered for you and then make your decisions from there. And people ask all the time, "Well, which is the best medication for me?" The unfortunate reality is part of that decision-making process is will your insurance cover anything? And if it will cover it, what will it cover? And if it covers either Wegovy or Zepbound, whichever one it covers is the right one to start with. Right. Right. It does They're they're they both work. They're both fine. We've seen people We've seen people be successful on on either one of them. Start with your insurance and see what they'll cover. If they won't cover it, there's cash pay options through both of them major manufacturers at LillyDirect and NovoCare. And then there's telehealth options, which as Lorraine mentioned, where there are essentially pharmacies out there that can do custom doses for you. Lorraine mentioned Mochi. They have direct links in the description so you could see who we use. Find what works for you. If you get it from your insurance, that's the best option. If you pay 25 bucks or less a month, you won the lottery. >> Congratulations. >> Yeah. For us, it's never been it's never been that easy. But there there are options out there, right? Don't think that it's it's it's prohibitively expensive. And then again, what's prohibitively prohibitively expensive for you? And like I mentioned before, I think Weight Watchers right now is around $50 a month. That's expensive. I'd rather take that money and put it toward a drug that actually works. And a lot of people report you're buying less food, you're eating out less often. I'm not drinking anymore. I'm not buying wine every month. I mean, that's a huge savings right there. So, you'll be surprised the savings when you're on these medications because you're just not just not able to eat and drink like you used to. And that's going to save you money right there. And what I would tell you is if you go down the path and you can't figure out a way to make it work today, just pay attention. Things are changing >> Things are changing rapidly. >> so rapidly. I think the prices will come down for the major manufacturers in the next year as well. We also know, and if this is your first time watching us, you're a long way into a video, but we have another video and we cover news every week. So, every Monday there's a new show and we talk about what's going on with the policy and the politics and the research and all of that. So, the the White House and the current administration are working on getting prices down. They got them down a little bit already, but and there's still stuff coming. They're also working on getting these drugs covered by Medicaid and Medicare. They're not as of today, January 1st, 2026. But they're working on it and it looks like if everything works out, it's politics, so you never know. If everything works out in the next 6 months, 3 months, coverage will open up for that as well. So, this is constantly changing. So, just because you can't make it work January 1st, 2026, doesn't mean you won't be able to in March or April or June or July. So, pay attention. Watch our news and we talk about it all the time. You can go back and watch if you really want to dive into all the pricing policy and this this strategy stuff. We do a lot of videos on that and it's out there. Yeah, we know there's all kinds of good stuff coming because people will comment it as well. But it's coming down. >> end. So, when oral Wegovy launches, it will launch at $149 for the starting two doses and then go up to $299 for the highest dose of 25 mg. Currently, basically, semaglutide, Wegovy injection, Ozempic injection, and Zepbound injections cap out at about $499 apiece. And they start a little bit lower than that. But it it that all of that's changing right now. >> It can get very complicated. At first glance, Ozempic, Wegovy, Mounjaro, Zepbound are over $1,000 a month dose. And then if you drill down, do you have commercial insurance? Does it cover it? Yes, well then you pay this. If it doesn't cover it, no, well here's a coupon from the manufacturer, then you can pay maybe $400. >> We've done whole videos. You can go back and look at That's like a a 30, 40-minute video all by itself. All right, number 13, we get into some fun ones. me. mom will say I'm cheating. People will think I took the easy way out. How do I carry that shame? No shame. No shame in the game here. Like >> [laughter] >> Again, I've talked about our viewer Mindy. She says, "Yeah, I'm cheating. Cheating death." Like who cares? Like We're not cheating. We have the disease of obesity. Would you tell a cancer patient they're cheating by going through chemotherapy? No, of course not. You would never say that, right? Would you tell someone that takes a statin for high cholesterol, "Well, you're cheating. That's cheating." No, of course not. You would not tell them that. We just have to eliminate the stigma of obesity, really. Like people love to make fun of people who have obesity. That's been around since the dawn of time. So, let's let's I don't know. Just makes me mad. >> But you're not cheating. [laughter] And you know what? You don't have to tell your mom. I didn't tell my mom for a long time until we made the YouTube channel on Life After I was like, "I got to tell her." >> don't you This is your own personal medical health, right? You don't go around telling them about anything else, right? Mom, I had a Pap smear today. That's >> And what we have discovered is success changes the conversation. So, once they see you healthier and feeling better and more active, the conversation begins to change. Now, you will then also get some people that are a little jealous and and and are not not nice about it, but you know what? They probably want to be on the medicine, too. >> to them. Yeah, and like I said, it's hard to explain to a skinny person who doesn't have the disease of obesity what all this is like cuz they don't they don't get it. And sometimes they're just never going to get it, right? So, don't don't make yourself crazy. Don't try to If somebody's not listening or not responsive, I've just gotten to the point where I just really don't have time for that. I've made changes for my health and my longevity and for my family. And if if you don't like it, okay. You don't have to like it. It's not your business. No. All right, a couple of doctor questions. We'll get into the nitty-gritty here. What do I say when a doctor tells me again to just eat less and try harder? I mean, I heard that from my doctor for years. And I did. I really did try to eat less and exercise more. I did that for a long, long time. That's that's one of the reasons why I went to a telehealth because I had asked my doctor for help and she just says, "Well, there's there's there's nothing." And I saw one of my friends lose weight and I asked her what she was doing and she said Mounjaro and I'm like, "What is this and how do I get it?" So, that's how I ended up at a telehealth. But, you know, maybe you try a different doctor, maybe ask around. There are obesity medicine certified doctors that you can find online. That's probably going to be your best bet for a doctor who knows about these medications and knows how to prescribe them and what what would be the best one for you. I never knew there were doctors that specialized in obesity medicine, but there are. And we've interviewed a few of them for our channel and they're surprisingly supportive and helpful. I never knew a doctor could be supportive about weight loss. I've always just had the other experience where they're always just judging and talking down to me and telling me to eat a plant-based diet or what? I'm like, "What?" So, yeah, they are out there. It might take a few internet searches to find them and it might take some time and it might take you might have to search them out and and talk to a few of them, but I mean, it's going to be worth it for you to find a doctor that's supportive cuz so many people don't have one. So, if you can find one, it really does make all the difference. Well, and so that leads into question number 14. My doctor has brushed me off for years. How do I find someone who will finally take me seriously and not roll their eyes? So, if you go to our website, and we don't make any money off this, so it doesn't matter. On the resources page, there is a link that you can search for doctors that are obesity medicine certified. I would start there. Depending on where you live, so if you're in a major city, you can probably find somebody that is covered by your insurance and you're going to be okay. If you're in a more rural area, telehealth may be a good option for you and there's a lot of telehealth providers out there that really it's just you speaking to someone on Zoom or or whatever their platform is. And they can still run blood panels, they can still do all of the things. But the goal is to build out a medical care team that can take care of you and support you in this. So, I can't stress how important it is to have that medical assistant. These are prescription drugs. They're serious medications. Your goal is to get healthier, to lose weight, to do all those things and to do it in a way that doesn't hurt you. You don't lose muscle, you don't lose hair, those all those kind of scary side effects as well. And having a doctor along that path that is supportive and educated is important. They're hard to find and that's a lot of work. So, if those two paths don't work, talk to a friend. If you saw anybody else losing weight, say, "Hey, who's your doctor?" Because they're out there, I promise you. It's just it just a little bit of work to find them. Okay. Six number 16. I'm exhausted. I do not have the energy to change everything in my life. Does this have to be complicated? Chris for Durham advice number one piece of advice is >> Just take the shot. Doesn't have to be complicated. >> No, so my goal on in this path all along has been to do this the simplest way possible. I work 60 hours a week. I I have a wife and children and a cat and there's too much going on. I don't I don't need to make this any more complicated than it has to be. So, literally what I personally do is I take my shot. I eat real food. I drink water. I focus on protein. I take a over-the-counter multivitamin like from CVS, Walgreens, whatever. And that's it. That's what I do. And I do repeat. Rinse and repeat. Rinse and repeat. Now, you can make this as complicated as you want. I would radically radically encourage you at least at the very beginning to keep it as simple as Cuz there's going to be so much going on in your life. You can always make it more complicated. You can always add more stuff. But don't add things that are going to stop you from succeeding. Don't give yourself hurdles. Now, she's made it much more Well, I've followed diet plans for years. And I always want to do all of On this journey, what did I do at the beginning? What's the minimum that you need to do? Drink water. Everybody can drink water, right? I drink two of these a day, maybe 100 oz of water a day. Do you need to drink that much a day? I don't know. Ask your doctor. Go online. If you have kidney disease or other things like that, then you have special needs. needs. I didn't want to say it like that, but yeah. What other things you need to do? Eat protein. Eat your protein first. How many grams of protein do you need? I don't know. Personally, I try to eat between 80 and 100 g of protein a day. I try to get 30 g of protein at breakfast, lunch, and dinner. 30 30 30, 90 to 100, maybe a little bit more grams of protein a day. It'll keep you full. It'll keep your muscle. That's the first thing you need is protein. Water, protein, those are the main things you need. These are a few food questions here. I see people saying I need protein powder supplements, vitamins, coaching, special foods. What actually matters and what can I ignore? Well, I'll tell you right now, I see people every day on Facebook particularly and they'll show a picture of the 17 supplements that they're taking that cost them thousands of extra dollars. Go to your doctor. Get a physical. Get blood work. And if there's anything that you are actually deficient in, work with your doctor to make sure that you're getting what you need. And do that on a regular basis through this process because as you lose weight, that could change. I'm not saying anybody should or should not take any supplement. I don't personally take anything more than a multivitamin. That has to be unique to you. I would not spend thousands of dollars on supplements and remedies on things that you might be worried about happening that may never happen. So, any side effect, any nutritional deficiency, anything like that can be managed in real time with your doctor, with your pharmacist, with a nutritionist, a dietitian. And it's all available in our world at the touch of a button. Or I can go to Walmart or CVS and it or it can be delivered to my door. Well, so you don't have to spend a whole lot of stuff on anything to day one. You don't. You don't. You you probably should go ahead and subscribe to the Downsize, especially if you've watched this far, right? But, I've always used protein supplements, protein powders, protein bars, protein I've been using those things for years, so they're always in my cabinet. If you have one you like, I have one I like. It's in the comments. You can are in the description. You can check it out, but I think they're good to have on hand, especially at the beginning if you're feeling nauseous and you don't really feel like eating a lot because you still need nutrition. You still need to nourish your body. So, if you can drink a protein drink, but you can't stomach looking at eggs or chicken or cottage cheese, like that That be a good solution and something you can keep on hand. They don't go bad, right? You can just keep them in the in the pantry. And there's a a wide variety of options. I would do that. And I take a multivitamin. I don't take a lot of supplements. I do take my fiber gummies because that works well for me. See what you need. Question number 18. What am I supposed to eat on these medications without falling into another diet I will eventually fail? Reverting to my simple Right. I do this as soon I eat real food. I do not eat any diet food. I do not eat anything that has artificially added proteins. I do not eat any protein drinks, protein bars, protein powders. She does and that's fine. And whatever works for you, but I don't. I eat real food. So, I start with a real meat, beans, cheese, whatever, focused on protein, add in vegetables. Do those two things first and then add in carbs. And and I don't block out. We we don't block out anything any food groups or macros or anything like that. We eat a little bit of starch and carbs here and there. But it's much less because I'm trying to start with protein and vegetables. And by the time I get to the carbs, I'm probably already full mostly. It's not that I'm saying I can't have it. It's that I just don't really need it by the end. And I think carbs and this is where people will give us hell. I think a little bit of carb is good for you. Gives you a little bit of instant energy. It's not going to hurt you. Yeah, I I mean, I would avoid greasy foods, high-fat foods because a lot of people report them those upsetting their stomach or having some gastrointestinal distress if you eat highly fatty foods on these medications. That highly fatty foods never really bothered me. Like I like a cheeseburger every once in a while and red meat is high in protein. We're not I'm not eliminating any foods from my diet, but I am trying to eat whole foods, Greek yogurt, chicken, string cheese. I'm trying to think of some other things. We eat salmon. We love salmon, fresh vegetables or get the the frozen vegetables, the steam-in-bags. They might last a little longer in your refrigerator. It doesn't have to be complicated and you don't have to eat things you don't like. Like I hate cottage cheese. I am never >> I don't like it. And I've been on many diets in the past are like half a cup of cottage cheese. And I'm like, "Okay, I'll eat it." Don't do that. If you don't like something, don't feel like you have to eat it, okay? Your body needs nutrition and so just make sure you're eating things that you like and you're nourishing your body. The real goal here is to build sustainable habits. It's not a diet. It's the medical treatment of the disease of obesity. How do you want to eat for the rest of your life? >> exactly it. It's the how do you eat for the rest of your life? And in the weight loss phase, the calories may be less. And then when you get to maintenance, so you're at your goal weight, your center weight as I call it, then it's really about I'm kind of eating the same way. I'm just adding more calories. So, I was eating healthy before. Now, I'm just going to add a little bit more calories to maintain that weight. So, I'm just trying not to lose it. It's This is a lifelong project. Really, the weight loss in this phase is going to be the shortest period of it. After that, it's the next 10, 20, 30 years. >> people talk about that and I used to be like, "Oh, yeah, that's that's nice for you." because I've never been in maintenance. And you might be watching this and thinking that same thing. And let me tell you, it's possible. It's completely possible. So, Question 19. My knees hurt, my back hurts. I'm tired all the time and now everyone online says I have to lift heavy weights or I will lose all my muscle and these meds will not work. How do I move my body when everything already hurts? Well, the first thing I'd stop doing is listening to those people online. Well, when you start taking these GLP-1 medications, they reduce the inflammation in your body. You're going to feel better. You're probably your knees will start hurt stop hurting. Probably your back will stop hurting. Probably you're going to feel so much better in the first 30 days that you're not before you've really even lost a lot of weight or any weight maybe. You're just going to feel better because these medications reduce the inflammation in every system in your body. You don't have to start off day one lifting heavy weights. Like in fact, I don't recommend that at all. I don't recommend doing really any exercise or adding anything that you're not already doing until maybe you're 30, 60, 90 days in and you've had a little bit of success and you're starting to feel better. Because once you're feeling better, then it's easier to move. It's easier to go for a walk. It's easier for you to try maybe a new exercise that you haven't tried before. But don't feel like you have to do that on day one because it's overwhelming. Like give yourself some time. Really, the first 30 days, just take your shot and eat your protein. Drink some water. Like the end. Like just just try to get through those first couple of months and see how you feel. And so the muscle loss conversation is a real conversation. It's not a conversation that's dependent on these medications, though. In all weight loss, there can be muscle loss. Right. Period. There are people who will melt time and say, "Well, if you work out heavy enough, you won't lose any muscle." Yes, that's possible. But you can't actually target. I can't pick where I lose weight from. And if you're one of those people and there's a lot of them out there, our viewers, I talk to them every day, who was 100 lb overweight, 200 lb, 300 lb overweight. I interviewed a gentleman who lost 500 lb. It's amazing. >> Then your needs are so distinctly different from the person who needed to lose 30 lb that you have to build a plan that works for you. And the expectation that a 500 lb man needs number one the same amount of muscle as a as a 200 lb man, that's a silly expectation. Or that they can do the same kind of exercise. So, if you go watch Down Size Me interviews and we've interviewed Jamie Seidler and there's another gentleman named Jamie who lost 550 lb. They both talk about doing what they could do at the beginning, which honestly was the goal was to walk to your mailbox or tie your shoe without getting winded. And that's certainly one end of the extreme, but everybody we've talked to has those stories. Of the I was 50 lb overweight and I'm only 5 ft tall and I could couldn't walk more than 1,000 steps a day. The answer is you have to do what works for you and your body and work with your doctor. Yep, absolutely. And just give yourself some time. It's just it's just going to take time. And you can add those things in eventually, but really just go in baby steps, right? Go in small increments. I personally have been working out for years. >> So, working out for me was not something new that I had to add in. I was running half marathons at 185 lb. And it it Looking back, I was really struggling to run. It was really really hard for me, but I was gritting my teeth and doing it cuz I thought that's what I had to do. don't hurt yourself. >> You know what I mean? Like I was doing really hard CrossFit exercises and I was throwing my back out and I was popping my calf muscle and I was So, maybe at the beginning, maybe just try to get some more movement into your day. Walk around your house. Go for a walk around your house. >> cans? Yeah. Uh you know, Campbell soup cans. Then she moved up to Progresso soup cans. I was just watching on TikTok. Jamie Seltzer was doing a live and he was in a hotel room cuz he's uh was traveling and he's got he was showing some things you can do without any equipment, right? He was sitting down in a chair and getting up, sitting down in a chair and getting up. Start with little movements over time and just give your you don't >> You don't have to exercise to lose weight. And that's kind of a mind-blowing thing that you maybe you're not going to hear a lot of people say. However, if you exercise, you will feel better. You will get cardiovascular benefits. Your everything will just start working a little bit better. So, talk to your doctor. Don't start any exercise plan without consulting your doctor. And give it some time. You don't have to do everything right away on the first day or the first month. And the goal, whether it be food or exercise or anything else, is not perfection. Goal is life. The goal is to reclaim your health so that you can live a long, healthy life. That you can raise your children, see your grandchildren, that you can do all the things that you want to do, whether that be travel or who knows. But the goal is life. Nobody's there taking score. Right? The The only thing matters is you getting healthier. So, it kind of closes out with question number 20. I'm watching [clears throat] this because I'm scared of dying. I want my life back. What is the first step I take today? Well, the first step you take today is asking the that question. And that question leads to making an appointment at your doctor's. So, go to your doctor's. Get a full blood panel. Get all the stuff run. And the reason you do a full blood panel is number one to make sure you're healthy. Number two, there could be other comorbidities. [clears throat] Diabetes, there could be other things. >> Sleep apnea could also be covered. So, there could be other things that your insurance may help cover this on. Mhm. And you want if if that works out, that's absolutely what you need to know. But, go start with your doctor. Get it. Talk to them and be very upfront and forward and say, "Hey, I'm interested in treating my disease of obesity." Just say it. I know it's hard. Nobody likes to say that out loud. But, say it because if you don't, a lot of doctors are too afraid to bring it up, too. Yeah. Well, and I have several women friends who have said to me over the course of my journey, "I'm afraid to go to the doctor. I'm afraid to know what's I don't want to do any of this because what if they tell me I have XYZ? Well, what if you do have XYZ? Wouldn't you want to know to be able to treat it, to be able to live longer for your family, for your children, for your community? Like, please, please, please. Please, please, please. If you haven't been to the doctor in a while, this this is your wake-up call. This is Lorraine telling you right now to You can go online and make an appointment with a doctor. You can call your doctor. Make the appointment because that's really the first step in We care about you. I'm sure you have people who care about you that you know, that lean on you. So, we have to take care of ourselves, right? If we're not taking care of ourselves, how are we going to care for others? So, please make those appointments. And I think that's important because particularly as a dad, as a husband, as a guy, right? I was trained by my father and my father's father for generations that everybody else came before me. I don't need anything. If my kids needed clothes, if they wanted to do school, if they needed Everything else was for them. Well, the reality is if I'm not here, and that's what I was afraid of. I was afraid just like you of dying. But, if I'm not here, I can't take care of them. So, you have to stop, take that moment, and say, "I'm important because I can't If I'm not here, I can't take care of my family." Go to the doctor. And I know guys don't like to go to the doctor. Women are afraid of going to There's There's so many things about the doctor. But, I promise you if you find a good one, it's worth it. And it's worth doing the work. So, what I would tell you is we publish videos every day. And we talk directly to you. If you have questions, leave them in the comments. And we answer questions once a week on Sundays in our weekly weigh-in. And we're happy to answer as many questions as we can. We also do a live each Wednesday at 7:00 Eastern Standard Time where you can actually come online and we're sitting there and we're talking to people. You can leave it in the comments. And And we will we will we directly to you. And then there's an entire community of more than 35,000 people out there that we're not doctors, but there's 35,000 people and 35,000 experiences that come to bear every week. And they'll talk to you and they'll tell you that some of them have lost I've told you I up to 500 lb. Some of them have type 2 diabetes. Some of them are in menopause. Some of them are There's There's every variation, right? Every variation out there. So, come to the community. Hit like and subscribe and be a part of what we're doing here at The Downsized. And we'd love to help you on your journey because today is the first day and the best day to start is right now. It is today. Today. >> No day like today. If you want to see something inspiring, we have more than 100 Downsized Dish interviews with people just like you. So, if you're looking for somebody your same age, your same height, your same medical situation, there's probably somebody there. And if not, it could be you. So, sign up for We're We're happy to talk to you as well because we've interviewed people at every step of their GLP-1 journey from one lady, friend of Lorraine's, who hadn't even started yet, to a gentleman who had lost more than 500 lb and everyone in between. And it's an exciting time to see somebody and go, "Oh, they're like me." It makes you feel not alone. I would also say you can go to our website at the downsized.org. We've got an Amazon tab to our Amazon store there. We're Amazon affiliates. If you do feel the need to Maybe you want to buy some extra products, we have some that I've used that I like on the Amazon store. You can also click on the cruise tab cuz we love cruising and we'd love for you to join us on the Downsized Cruise in June. You can learn all about that, see how to sign up for that, see our travel agent information. And what else? >> What else? I think that's it. I think that's it. I'm excited about 2026. I'm excited about the possibility of more people learning about these drugs and regaining their health. So, let us know how you're doing. 74% of America has overweight or obesity. So, you're not alone. I I highly recommend if you're interested getting started in this, like and subscribe to The >> We'll follow you around YouTube with our daily videos. If you have a friend who's thinking about maybe starting a GLP-1, you can share this with them. That helps the YouTube algorithm suggest us to people who are looking to get started. That's it for us today. Make sure you check out every day. We do a new video. My name is Christopher Drouin. I'm Lorraine Drouin. And we are The Downsized. >> [music]

- The Truth About GLP-1 Weight Loss Drugs | What You Must Know: Kind: captions Language: en No. So JLP is already there in the body after we eat food. Let's say let's say I'm hungry and I have an entire meal. After I have the entire meal and I don't want to eat more that my body has already released JLP. So you're taking the same drug which is there in the body. It's a hormone normally there. It is absolutely safe if it's given to you by a doctor who's taking responsibility, who you trust, who's authorizing it. But if you feel your neighbor is looking very fit and slim and your friend has become thin and you illegally procure it or you buy it from over the counter pharmacy then you are responsible for yourself. Nobody will take responsibility. So I would say it's safe if given by a health care professional who's taking proper guidance who's giving you guidance and who's responsible for your condition and having regular follow-up. Not like that. In general, even before the GLP era, we used to give patients a good, you know, amount of metformin for their PCOS and a good amount of dietary advice. Even now with the GLP, we've had many patients losing around 15, 20 kg. Someone who's, let's say, who's a woman who's in her 90s or 100 kgs, they've come back after 3 months, 6 months, you know, with a weight loss of around 20, 25 kg. It's a big thing >> because if you can't lose 2 kgs in the gym in a month, if you can lose with a drug over 6 months, 15 20 kg is a very big thing. >> Normally after we eat food and food enters our stomach, a normal hormone is released by the body called GLP. GLP is glucagon like peptide. There's one and two. The body releases this and this gives us the feeling of satiety that we are full and we can stop eating. Now this medication or the GLP1 medication is available now with various trade names. This was always there for a long time for diabetes. Okay? Because it controlled blood sugar. Recently or not so recently but in the recent few years they've realized that it's also causing excessive weight loss. Now how does it cause weight loss? Hormone that same tablet releases the same hormone or the same hormone. So it already gives you a feeling that you are already full. So you have slow digestion, reduced eating capacity, reduced hunger. If you were eating your meals every 2 to you, you'll eat every 6 to 8 hourly. Also, if you were eating a larger quantity, you'll be you'll be you'll be happy with a smaller quantity. It slows down peristalsis, slows down digestion and overall gives you a feeling of being full and you eat less. So by taking these medications regularly you end up eating less because of less hunger and you end up losing weight. So uh some people who are finding it difficult to maintain discipline to eat less it's helping them in lose weight but it has to be given with proper you know authorization of a doctor with proper guidance. So in what we have seen with the tablet form of uh the medication is uh there is a little nausea, loss of appetite and there could be in certain cases diarrhea. So in the cases of diarrhea it's not worked for them but nausea loss of appetite loss of hunger is okay but at the same time the patient has to be seen regularly. You can call the patient every every weekly or bi-weekly you can see her every 15 days you can decide on what dose is working for not for her. So the patients who are genuinely generally very obese and having PCOD with insulin resistance or diabetes for them it works very well because let's say if somebody is morbidly obese there's a girl who's 120 110 kgs she'll be thrilled to do you know any method to help her lose 15 20 kg so she feels light on herself but once again I reiterate and repeat without monitoring without being very sure and safe you should not give the medications and you given the medications keep a closer eye the patient and tell the patient that once you attain your desired weight, we want to stop the medications and go on a healthy lifestyle. So many medicines are side effects. Blood pressure medications, thyroid medications, uh medicines for acidity. There's no medication without side effect firstly. So ideally speaking, if you see a side effect, you have to manage it. Now in certain cases who have mild nausea, you you can reassure the patient that the nausea symptoms will happen only for a short time. You know eventually this will uh this will get over at the so at the same time if there's loss of appetite little weakness you retail to the patient to have a good protein diet high fiber diet you know at the same time every side effect depending on whether it's nausea loss of appetite weakness you have to treat the patient in severe nausea you can try giving a little anti-mitting drug like emicet on them onetron at the same time if there's diarrhea and all things like that then uh we need to stop the drug question. So somebody who is having pancreatitis or any form of family history of pancreatic carcinoma or in themselves pancreatic problems, gallbladder stones, gallbladder conditions, already having a bowel problem like uh like Crohn's disease or ulcerative colitis, any problem in digestion, again not for them. Any history of thyroid or mandelary carcinoma, absolutely not in them. And u more than that uh you know suppose somebody's already battling any condition like blood pressure, diabetes, thyroid in them also with caution I would advise to use it or use another method like you know besides this I think if your if your patient is doing well if her pancreatic enzymes are good if she's in uh if he or she is in good health and they are you know following all the you know good lifestyle changes you can start at a moderate dose and monitor the patient. Always monitor the patients pancreatic enzymes. Ask them about their diet, high fiber diet, high protein diet. Encourage them to have some form of workout, some form of you know diet regulation, work on their sleep. Also another contra indication, somebody who is pregnant can't have this drug. Somebody who's planning conception or planning a pregnancy at least a 2 months before the pregnancy planning starts stop taking the drug. Yeah. Let's say somebody is, you know, an obese patient, somebody with uh PCOD, someone with diabetes, someone who's really morbidly obese with raised uh HBA1C blood sugar levels, uh who are very keen to lose weight, someone who has any joint issue, any issue in the hip or knee or ankle. Even 15% weight loss reduces the pressure on these organs. So weight loss is something I would advise for that. uh anybody you know who's battling severe diabetes again if you lose so much weight you can reverse diabetes and uh anyone you know for example trying to avoid a buriatric surgery or wants to lose some more weight before a beriatric or after a beriatric surgery there some cases we want the patients to be fit while planning a pregnancy you can start the medicine they achieve their weight then after 2 months you can ask them to plan the pregnancy but a 2 month interval between uh losing weight and planning a pregnancy very important very good so anyone with uh PCOS anyone who's you know looking to get pregnant after a few months if their weight is morbidly obese anyone with PCOS having high insulin resistance high amount of blood sugar along with obesity very useful drug so it helps reduce the blood sugar helps reduce the insulin and more importantly if you lose some weight the drugs act better and in so many PCOS patients when a patient loses 15 20% body weight they get regular periods they get regular ovulation they can conceive naturally. >> Excellent. And >> see now definitely uh you know just how any medications like whether it's thyroid, diabetes, blood pressure uh till you take the medicines you under control. Once you stop the medicines the conditions can come back. So definitely if you're taking the medications and expecting to only be thin with this once you stop the medications you can again gain weight if you're not disciplined. So once you achieve your target weight let's say somebody who's 100 kilos wants to become 70 kilos or 75 kilos. Once they achieve their weight they can go off the medicines. It's better to go off. At the same time you have to maintain a healthy lifestyle be disciplined >> and you know it's very easy to lose the discipline after you've lost after you lost the weight. It's about mental strength and about how serious you are about your life. >> I mean if you need a drug always then you get stuck to it. I would say uh you finish the course of the medicines, you achieve your weight which you had planned and then you are good to go. Need to work on your good diet. You should reduce your carbs. You should reduce anything which is excessively sweet, processed sugars. You should have a high fiber and high protein diet. Not extremely high but good fiber and good protein. maintain a very good sleep and definitely out of seven days if you can do a workout for four days do a combination of weights do a combination of weights with cardio and some yoga it's very important and it's how you develop discipline for eating sometimes doctors also are taking are giving it to patients but patients don't follow up and patients continue taking it even that's something wrong so a doctor what a good doctor will do he'll give you lifestyle advice about your diet exercise sleep give you the medication He'll ask you to come back in a course of 30 days, 45 days and again reassess, assess your weight and discuss, decide. Sometimes patients come back, they haven't lost any weight, not worked for you or you're not taking it sincerely. Sometimes the patient has achieved a regular weight, taper the dose, stop the medication. >> Right. >> Yeah. Absolutely. So, so what I remember is that most of these subcutaneous drugs have a shelf life of 28 days. So, basically when you open up the thing, when you open up the packet, it should be finished in 28 days. So ideally the doses are divided to take a certain amount every week on the same day for 4 weeks. So definitely yeah if you are not sincere with the timing and keeping it in a cool container the efficacy of the drug will be lost. So in such cases the such guys will be better on the tablet form. In my case it's mostly the PCOS patients who haven't got periods for 2 three four months who have irregular periods. I do a lot of PCOS work. So they the ideal treatment for PCOS is at least lose 15% of body weight. So how do we lose that weight so fast? So a drug like this would help them lose weight faster. So I would basically if I have a patient with irregular periods who has PCOS who is uh surely going to get better with weight loss. I would give her this medicine till she loses say 15 max 20% of her body weight. After that I will stop it and I will ask her to monitor her periods regularly and we can even use the birth control pill method to get regular periods things like that but for the weight loss and obesity helping in this condition these pills stand out. We do get a patients who just want to lose weight but I would not directly start the medicines. I would do an entire blood test. I would do a hormone profile. Check their insulin. Check their blood sugars. In certain cases, even do a funoscopy as I mentioned for the eye I eye problem. Take a detailed family history of cancers. Take a detailed family history of any diabetes and you know any blood pressure, thyroid things like that. If all the criteria are safe, you can even start for them. But you explain to them that you can maximum lose 15 maybe 25% weight with this. So you can't become from 100 to 50. M I mean I don't know if people have done that in abroad countries but what we would do is just give it on give it till the patient loses 15% weight once uh we are achieved with that I mean sometimes the patient might still be unsatisfied or thin can't satisfy everyone completely and you would stop it at that point uh I would say definitely I would not start it before the age of 18 for anybody 18 to 20 and in my practice is my patients are majority between the age of 18 to say 60. So in that age group only I mean there could be someone younger but I would not dare to start it for a person under 18 and even for an older person I have not gone so so much someone in their 20s 30s or maybe 40s I've not gone after that. >> So idly speaking the the protocol for the tablet is to take it first in the morning on waking up on empty stomach. uh so that that is what could cause a little nausea and irritation. So in certain patients who've had feeling very pukey taking it I would say keep a small beverage ready keep a glass of honey lemon water with a small you know quarter spoon of honey with lemon water you can have that it tastes your ch changes your taste but then after that you know if it's very very severe the nausea you can even um have an onam if it's again severe you can have some fluids with containing you know very little sugar but at the same time we want to avoid sugar in this case. Yeah. >> So keep a good protein and fiber diet and avoid the weakness. >> Yeah. Even diabetic medications. >> Okay. >> So that's why I kept mentioning. So always have a good protein. So basically if you have a good protein diet and you're uh doing you know lifting weights even in a week two or three times you should be okay. >> I haven't encountered anything like that. So I don't know how how will one get depressed with these medications. >> This is one of the conversations. >> Yeah. So I don't know if you get depressed. Maybe if it's not acting well for you or you have to stop it, maybe you might get depressed. But see, definitely obesity is a big stress. >> Any young man or woman or boy or girl being overweight, you know, socially, society with social media, they want to look perfect and be fit and everything thanks to Photoshop and all these AI tools, they would want to lose weight quickly. So then unfortunately, you know, even that can create little stress and you know, uh little bullying phenomena. You can feel pure pressure. So such patients would be depressed but not because of the drug maybe because of their condition.

- Ozempic's Origin Story is Insane: Kind: captions Language: en In late 2022, it seemed like the entire&nbsp; internet was talking about Ozempic.&nbsp;&nbsp; [various speakers say “Ozempic”] Google searches skyrocketed, the hashtag Ozempic&nbsp; got hundreds of millions of views on TikTok,&nbsp;&nbsp; and pharmacies across the United States struggled&nbsp; to keep the drug in stock. By the end of the year,&nbsp;&nbsp; the FDA formally declared shortages on&nbsp; most of the major GLP-1 receptor agonists,&nbsp;&nbsp; the class of drugs that includes Ozempic.&nbsp; But most people don’t realize that&nbsp; the origin story of GLP-1 analogs was&nbsp;&nbsp; one of the wildest science stories&nbsp; in modern drug development. Like,&nbsp;&nbsp; I read about venomous lizards, and deep and&nbsp; sea creatures, and amphetamines for this story. So in today’s video, we’ll explore how researchers&nbsp; discovered the GLP-1 hormone in the body,&nbsp;&nbsp; then how two totally different research groups&nbsp; turned that hormone into a therapeutic tool,&nbsp;&nbsp; and finally, how these medications turned&nbsp; into the blockbusters we know today. But to understand how we got here, we need&nbsp; to understand the history of diabetes care. Because after World War 2, Type 2 diabetes started&nbsp; getting more common. And it was clear that doctors&nbsp;&nbsp; would need a new pharmaceutical strategy&nbsp; to treat this growing number of Type 2s.&nbsp; &nbsp; See, usually when&nbsp;&nbsp; blood glucose is elevated — like after you eat —&nbsp; the pancreas releases a hormone called insulin.&nbsp;&nbsp; That insulin binds to receptors on cells all&nbsp; throughout your body, which starts the process&nbsp;&nbsp; of bringing glucose into the cells so they can use&nbsp; that glucose for energy or store it for later.&nbsp; In type 1 diabetes, the body’s immune&nbsp; system destroys the insulin-producing&nbsp;&nbsp; cells in the pancreas called beta cells. As&nbsp; a result, their blood glucose stays elevated,&nbsp;&nbsp; unless they’re given insulin some other way.&nbsp; Type 2 is different. It’s characterized by&nbsp; something called insulin resistance — the&nbsp;&nbsp; pancreas does release insulin, but different&nbsp; tissues don’t take enough glucose into the&nbsp;&nbsp; cell even when insulin is present. As a&nbsp; result, blood glucose stays elevated.&nbsp; But the pancreas can still sense that blood&nbsp; glucose is high, so it compensates by pumping&nbsp;&nbsp; out more insulin. This cycle continues and&nbsp; over time, the insulin-producing Beta cells&nbsp;&nbsp; can fail, which means impaired insulin&nbsp; production on top of insulin resistance.&nbsp; That’s why, while insulin can&nbsp; be used for type 2 diabetes,&nbsp;&nbsp; doctors usually try other treatments first&nbsp; like lifestyle modification or other drugs. We’ve had insulin since the 1920s, but with&nbsp; the rise in type 2 diabetes after the war,&nbsp;&nbsp; doctors desperately needed new medicines to treat&nbsp;&nbsp; it. This is what made an observation in&nbsp; the 1960s so important. And it was this: Glucose taken by mouth raised insulin production&nbsp; and lowered blood glucose more than intravenous&nbsp;&nbsp; glucose did. That meant that something was&nbsp; happening when the gut processed glucose,&nbsp;&nbsp; and that was signaling the&nbsp; pancreas to secrete insulin.&nbsp; That signal turned out to be a&nbsp; hormone secreted by the gut itself;&nbsp;&nbsp; it became known as an incretin&nbsp; hormone, a term coined back in 1932. So scientists started to wonder if these incretin&nbsp; hormones might make for good diabetes treatments,&nbsp;&nbsp; so they started testing proteins in the gut to&nbsp; see if they could stimulate insulin secretion.&nbsp; The first one they isolated was called&nbsp; Gastric Inhibitory Polypeptide, or GIP.&nbsp;&nbsp; It did stimulate insulin production and lower&nbsp; glucose, so it qualified as an incretin. But&nbsp;&nbsp; early studies showed that it didn’t lower&nbsp; blood glucose in people with diabetes.&nbsp; So GIP went on the back burner… at least for&nbsp;&nbsp; a while. We’ll come back to&nbsp; it by the end of the video.&nbsp; But one of the other potential&nbsp; matches was a hormone called glucagon,&nbsp;&nbsp; which I like to think of as insulin’s buddy cop.&nbsp;&nbsp; They both come from the pancreas and work&nbsp; together to keep blood sugar in check.&nbsp; Insulin lowers blood sugar when it’s too high&nbsp; while glucagon raises it while it’s low. Fun fact,&nbsp;&nbsp; the name glucagon means glucose agonist,&nbsp; meaning it promotes glucose production.&nbsp; Scientists in 1965 found that injections of&nbsp; glucagon led to increased insulin production.&nbsp;&nbsp; And at first that seems non-remarkable —&nbsp; after all, glucagon raises blood glucose,&nbsp;&nbsp; and higher blood sugar usually&nbsp; triggers the release of more insulin.&nbsp; But here’s the counterintuitive part:&nbsp; these scientists in the 60s found that&nbsp;&nbsp; insulin rose before blood glucose went&nbsp; up. That suggested that glucagon itself,&nbsp;&nbsp; not just the elevated blood sugar,&nbsp; was stimulated insulin secretion. So glucagon seemed like a good target&nbsp; for a diabetes treatment. Unfortunately,&nbsp;&nbsp; studying how these hormones work is&nbsp; tricky — especially in mammals since&nbsp;&nbsp; the pancreas is such a crowded and complex organ.&nbsp; As you can see from this sample, most&nbsp; of the pancreas is made of acinar cells&nbsp;&nbsp; which make the enzymes we use to digest food.&nbsp; Scattered throughout the pancreas are small,&nbsp;&nbsp; lighter colored clusters of cells called the&nbsp; Islets of Langerhans. This is where insulin&nbsp;&nbsp; and glucagon come from — insulin from the&nbsp; beta cells, glucagon from the alpha cells.&nbsp; So instead of studying the&nbsp; crowded mammalian pancreas,&nbsp;&nbsp; researchers turned to animals like the anglerfish.&nbsp; Because unlike humans, angerlfish have separate&nbsp;&nbsp; organs for making digestive enzymes and&nbsp; for making hormones insulin and glucagon.&nbsp; This finally brings us to a group of&nbsp; Massachusetts-based scientists in the&nbsp;&nbsp; early 1980s. Around that time, researchers had&nbsp; discovered that in order for certain animals&nbsp;&nbsp; to make glucagon, they start by making&nbsp; a larger protein called a precursor.&nbsp;&nbsp; Then the body chops up the precursor into pieces,&nbsp; and one of those pieces becomes glucagon.&nbsp; The Massachusetts group decided to focus on the&nbsp; genes for this precursor in anglerfish. Simply&nbsp;&nbsp; put, a gene is section of DNA that provides the&nbsp; instructions for building specific proteins that&nbsp;&nbsp; we use in our bodies. More specifically,&nbsp; it tells the cell’s machinery how to put&nbsp;&nbsp; together sequences of amino acids — the&nbsp; building blocks of peptides and proteins. So by studying the gene for the glucagon&nbsp; precursor, the scientists hoped to learn more&nbsp;&nbsp; about how the peptide was built, and if anything&nbsp; interesting happens to the rest of the precursor.&nbsp; And one thing they noticed was that the precursor&nbsp; had these little regions called cleavage sites.&nbsp; I think of them like the perforations of notebook&nbsp; paper— they exist to be broken. Likewise,&nbsp;&nbsp; cleavage sites on a protein make&nbsp; it easier for the cell to clip the&nbsp;&nbsp; bigger protein into smaller pieces like glucagon. But the scientists found multiple&nbsp; cleavage sites on this precursor,&nbsp;&nbsp; so the natural follow up question was what&nbsp; does the rest of the protein break into? Well in 1982 they published an article&nbsp; showing that the precursor, preproglucagon,&nbsp;&nbsp; broke into a few different peptides.&nbsp; One of these peptides was a previously&nbsp;&nbsp; undiscovered peptide that they&nbsp; called glucagon related peptide.&nbsp; And while it might’ve been a potential incretin&nbsp; hormone, and thus, a new diabetes treatment,&nbsp;&nbsp; this was in anglerfish. We’d need to find&nbsp; out if mammals had something similar. So in 1983, a different group of scientists used&nbsp; hamster DNA to identify the mammalian version of&nbsp;&nbsp; the glucagon precursor gene. But it wasn’t&nbsp; an exact match with the anglerfish version.&nbsp; Where the fish had a 34 amino acid sequence,&nbsp;&nbsp; the mammalian version had one that was 37&nbsp; amino acids long, and then another that&nbsp;&nbsp; was 33 long. They called these glucagon-like&nbsp; peptide 1 and 2. Or GLP-1 and GLP-2 for short. Were these incretin hormones? Well,&nbsp; when researchers used the full 37&nbsp;&nbsp; amino acid version of GLP-1, it didn’t&nbsp; stimulate insulin secretion. So at first,&nbsp;&nbsp; it seemed like GLP-1 wouldn’t&nbsp; lead to the incretin effect. But then we meet Svetlana Mojsov, a&nbsp; scientist born in what is now North&nbsp;&nbsp; Macedonia. After grad school, she read&nbsp; about GLP-1 and teamed up with doctor&nbsp;&nbsp; Joel Habener, one of the authors of the&nbsp; anglerfish paper, to study it further. During their research, Mojsov noticed something:&nbsp; if you removed the first few amino acids from&nbsp;&nbsp; the full-length GLP-1 molecule, the remaining&nbsp; peptide looked even more like glucagon. And&nbsp;&nbsp; that made her wonder if the cell might actually&nbsp; cleave off the first 6 amino acids from GLP-1,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the remaining portion was&nbsp; the biologically active form. In the conclusion to her 1986 paper,&nbsp; she proposed that GLP-1 (1-37),&nbsp;&nbsp; so the full 37 amino acid peptide,&nbsp; might be a precursor to GLP-1 (7-37),&nbsp;&nbsp; a version of the peptide lacking the&nbsp; first 6 amino acids. So the shorter&nbsp;&nbsp; version might actually be the hormone&nbsp; that has an effect on insulin secretion. Which meant that maybe GLP-1 had a&nbsp; sneakier incretin effect than expected.&nbsp; To test this, she measured how well GLP-1&nbsp; (7-37) raised insulin in a rat model and&nbsp;&nbsp; compared it to the full-length peptide.&nbsp; And in 1987, they confirmed that yes,&nbsp;&nbsp; GLP-1 (7-37) is insulinotropic, meaning&nbsp; it stimulates the release of insulin. And they weren’t the only ones. Within the year, a&nbsp; research group in Denmark showed that GLP-1 (7-37)&nbsp;&nbsp; had a much stronger insulin-raising effect than&nbsp; the full-sized precursor. So the big takeaway was&nbsp;&nbsp; that (at least in test animals) the 7-37 portion&nbsp; of GLP-1 was the active form of the hormone.&nbsp; Later that year, research published in The Lancet&nbsp; confirmed that GLP-1 was made in the human gut,&nbsp;&nbsp; and that GLP-1 levels went up after&nbsp; participants consumed glucose. This meant that earlier scientists stood&nbsp; corrected, GLP-1 could induce the incretin&nbsp;&nbsp; effect after all. But like they saw with GIP,&nbsp; not&nbsp; all incretin hormones become useful medicines.&nbsp; It turned out that GLP-1 only raises insulin&nbsp; secretion when blood glucose was elevated. And&nbsp;&nbsp; that would make it a useful diabetes drug — since&nbsp; GLP-1 depended on glucose, it reduced the risk of&nbsp;&nbsp; hypoglycemia, or dangerously low blood sugar.&nbsp; GLP-1 also inhibits excessive glucagon release,&nbsp;&nbsp; which, prevents it from triggering glucose&nbsp; release from the liver even further. But the big question in the 80s was whether&nbsp; GLP-1 itself could be used as a diabetes drug. Tests in the early 90s showed that when you&nbsp; gave type 2 diabetics an IV infusion of GLP-1,&nbsp;&nbsp; insulin rose and glucose fell. So it worked&nbsp; as expected. But there was one big problem:&nbsp;&nbsp; GLP—1 cleared from the blood extremely quickly.&nbsp; When given by IV, half of the GLP-1 was&nbsp; broken down after about two minutes. So&nbsp;&nbsp; GLP-1 by itself wouldn’t be a useful drug unless&nbsp; the patient was constantly hooked up to an IV.&nbsp; These days, we know the peptide breaks&nbsp; down so quickly because an enzyme called&nbsp;&nbsp; DPP-4 cuts it up and then it’s cleared out&nbsp; by the kidneys. This discovery led to a&nbsp;&nbsp; class of drugs called DPP-4 inhibitors,&nbsp; but that’s a story for another time.&nbsp; So to sum it up — we desperately needed&nbsp; new treatments for type 2 diabetes,&nbsp;&nbsp; and GLP-1 was a promising&nbsp; candidate. The challenge then,&nbsp;&nbsp; was figuring out how to make this&nbsp; hormone to last longer in the body. One of the strategies was to find a molecule like&nbsp; GLP-1 that naturally lasted in the body longer.&nbsp; And by the early 1990s, scientists had a&nbsp; lead thanks to unrelated research into the&nbsp;&nbsp; venom of the Gila monster. These guys&nbsp; are muscular, venomous lizards found&nbsp;&nbsp; in the American southwest known for their&nbsp; brutally painful bite and slow metabolisms. As scientists learned more about the chemistry of&nbsp; the lizard’s venom, they noticed that something&nbsp;&nbsp; in the venom triggered inflammation in&nbsp; the pancreas of bite victims. And that&nbsp;&nbsp; made scientists wonder if the venom might have a&nbsp; chemical that interferes with pancreas function. Researchers publishing in 1984 found two&nbsp; potential culprits — what were called&nbsp;&nbsp; Helospectin and Helodermin. Helo referring to&nbsp; Heloderma suspectum and Heloderma horridum,&nbsp;&nbsp; the scientific name for the Gila monster&nbsp; and its relative, the Mexican beaded lizard. Helospectin and Helodermin are also known&nbsp; as exendin 1 and exendin 2. And it turned&nbsp;&nbsp; out that they both had similar&nbsp; amino acid structures to glucagon,&nbsp;&nbsp; which might explain the pancreas involvement. So by the late 1980s, start of the 90s, a New&nbsp; York based scientist named Doctor John Eng&nbsp;&nbsp; picked up on this line of research and analyzed&nbsp; venom samples from the Mexican beaded lizard.&nbsp; And in 1990, his and his team published a&nbsp; paper describing a new peptide that they&nbsp;&nbsp; called Exendin-3. But while exendins 1 and 2&nbsp; were more structurally similar to glucagon,&nbsp;&nbsp; Exendin 3 looked more like human GLP-1.&nbsp; So they ran the experiment again, but this time&nbsp; with venom from the Gila monster, and found&nbsp;&nbsp; another new peptide — Exendin-4. And just like&nbsp; Exendin-3, it was structurally similar to GLP-1.&nbsp; That raised the question — it looks kind of&nbsp; like GLP-1, but does it behave like GLP-1? And it sure did. When they gave Exendin-4 to&nbsp; dogs, it caused insulin levels to rise and&nbsp;&nbsp; glucose levels to drop. This meant that Exendin-4&nbsp; was binding to some kind of receptor in mammals;&nbsp;&nbsp; it’s just that nobody knew which receptor.&nbsp; Until 1993, where Eng and a team of other&nbsp; researchers found an answer. Exendin-4 was&nbsp;&nbsp; binding to GLP-1 receptors. That meant that his&nbsp; new peptide from lizards, Exendin-4, was binding&nbsp;&nbsp; to GLP-1 receptors in mammals and activating&nbsp; the same physiologic pathway as native GLP-1.&nbsp; But Exendin-4 had one very important feature that&nbsp;&nbsp; made it different from GLP-1. That effect on&nbsp; blood glucose lasted for hours, not minutes.&nbsp;&nbsp; Exendin-4 has a half life of close to two and&nbsp; half hours, which would make it a useful medicine. To quote that 1993 paper: “the possible clinical&nbsp;&nbsp; value of the GLP-1-agonist properties of&nbsp; exendin-4 should be seriously considered.&nbsp; Luckily, Eng was already thinking ahead. That&nbsp; same year, he filed for a patent for exendin 4,&nbsp;&nbsp; and started looking for pharma companies to help&nbsp; bring the drug to market. He started by presenting&nbsp;&nbsp; his findings at medical conferences, but he&nbsp; didn’t get much traction right away. But then,&nbsp;&nbsp; one day in 1996, he caught the attention of a&nbsp; rep from a small biotech company called Amylin.&nbsp; So Eng licensed Exendin-4 to Amylin who&nbsp; began clinical trials with it. And the&nbsp;&nbsp; results were promising. They found that two&nbsp; injections a day of exendin-4 lowered HbA1c,&nbsp;&nbsp; which is a marker for long term blood&nbsp; glucose control. So this lowered HbA1c&nbsp;&nbsp; was a desired outcome. It also led&nbsp; to a little bit of weight loss.&nbsp; Amylin developed this new synthetic version&nbsp; of exendin-4 under the name exenatide,&nbsp;&nbsp; and got FDA approval for the treatment&nbsp; of type 2 diabetes in 2005. Then,&nbsp;&nbsp; through a partnership with Eli Lilly, they&nbsp; launched the drug under the trade name Byetta.&nbsp; It was the first in a class of drugs that&nbsp; goes by a few different names. Usually,&nbsp;&nbsp; they’re called GLP-1 receptor agonists,&nbsp; which means they bind to the same receptor&nbsp;&nbsp; that our bodies’ GLP-1 does. They’re also&nbsp; called GLP-1 analogs, which means they’re&nbsp;&nbsp; structurally and /or fuctionally similar&nbsp; to GLP-1. And sometimes they’re referred&nbsp;&nbsp; to as incretin mimetics, because they&nbsp; mimic the job of incretin hormones. Whatever you call them, by 2005,&nbsp; Dr. Eng and the American companies&nbsp;&nbsp; had one solution to GLP-1’s short half&nbsp; life problem: they’d found a different&nbsp;&nbsp; molecule that has the same effect as GLP-1&nbsp; but naturally lasted longer in the body.&nbsp; But, that wasn’t the only solution.&nbsp; Because meanwhile, over in Europe,&nbsp; scientists were working on the&nbsp;&nbsp; same problem but with a totally different&nbsp; approach. Something a little more designer. Now, I’ve spent the last two videos talking&nbsp; about Denmark’s biggest pharmaceutical company,&nbsp;&nbsp; Novo Nordisk, so I won’t go into&nbsp; much depth here. The main thing you&nbsp;&nbsp; need to know is that during the 1990s,&nbsp; they were the biggest insulin producer&nbsp;&nbsp; in Europe and the second biggest in&nbsp; the world, right behind Eli Lilly.&nbsp; But for this story, we need to meet a new&nbsp; character at Novo: Lotte Bjerre Knudsen. As a Danish scientist, Lotte knew all about Novo’s&nbsp; work. She wasn’t particularly into academia, she&nbsp;&nbsp; was more interested in developing real medicines&nbsp; that could improve people’s lives. And while she&nbsp;&nbsp; initially got a job in Novo’s enzyme division, she&nbsp; started working on diabetes treatments in 1991. On the day to day, Lotte and her team would&nbsp; screen a bunch of potential drugs for diabetes,&nbsp;&nbsp; including compounds that bound to the GLP-1&nbsp; receptor. But then something unexpected happened.&nbsp;&nbsp; Lotte went on maternity leave in 1993,&nbsp; and while she was away, management at&nbsp;&nbsp; Novo Nordisk restructured certain teams, including&nbsp; the diabetes team. And when she came back in 1994,&nbsp;&nbsp; she was the only scientist left who&nbsp; was familiar with their GLP-1 project.&nbsp; And at this point, Novo Nordisk&nbsp; was more focused on insulin,&nbsp;&nbsp; and their GLP-1 research didn’t seem&nbsp; like it was going anywhere. So the CEO,&nbsp;&nbsp; Lars Rebien Sørensen, gave Lotte an ultimatum.&nbsp; In a podcast interview from 2024 he says “We&nbsp;&nbsp; did give her 12 months to say you got to&nbsp; come up with something more convincing”. Meanwhile, other scientists at Novo had&nbsp; come up with something exciting. They’d&nbsp;&nbsp; developed a method for attaching fatty acids&nbsp; to proteins, which caused the protein to bind&nbsp;&nbsp; to albumin — the most common protein in human&nbsp; blood. This created a bigger, chunkier molecule&nbsp;&nbsp; that wouldn’t get filtered out by the kidneys as&nbsp; quickly, causing it to last in the body longer.&nbsp; In 1995, they published a paper describing&nbsp; their technique, and mentioned that it would&nbsp;&nbsp; “prolong the action profile of peptide&nbsp; drugs”. And that’s exactly what it did. At first, they used their&nbsp; method on insulin molecules,&nbsp;&nbsp; creating longer lasting insulin analogs.&nbsp; The 1995 paper describes an insulin that&nbsp;&nbsp; looks like insulin detemir, which&nbsp; I talked about in the last video.&nbsp; If Knudsen’s team was able to&nbsp; apply this new technique to GLP-1,&nbsp;&nbsp; it might be the “something more&nbsp; convincing” the CEO was looking for.&nbsp; So they started by attaching fatty acid&nbsp; chains to different positions on the&nbsp;&nbsp; GLP-1 peptide with a goal of finding a&nbsp; variation of GLP-1 with a half life of&nbsp;&nbsp; about 10 hours. That would make the resulting&nbsp; medicine&nbsp; appropriate for a once-a-day dose.&nbsp; And after comparing multiple GLP-1 analogs&nbsp; in pigs, they found several compounds that&nbsp;&nbsp; hit the 10 hour target. A massive leap&nbsp; from GLP-1’s original 2-minute half life. In 2000, they published their results&nbsp; in the Journal of Medicinal Chemistry.&nbsp; One of their most promising analogs had a&nbsp; fatty acid tail 16 carbons long attached&nbsp;&nbsp; to a lysine residue towards the middle of&nbsp; the peptide, and an arginine substituted&nbsp;&nbsp; for the usual lysine towards the end. They&nbsp; called this molecule liraglutide. It was&nbsp;&nbsp; structurally similar to native GLP-1 and had&nbsp; high potency, so it went on to clinical trials. During preclinical testing, rodents given&nbsp; liraglutide showed an increased risk of&nbsp;&nbsp; developing thyroid tumors. But fortunately that&nbsp; wasn’t the case in monkeys nor later human trials. So by the time liraglutide made&nbsp; it to phase three clinical trials,&nbsp;&nbsp; it looked both safe and effective, other than&nbsp; some participants reporting nausea. Luckily,&nbsp;&nbsp; Knudsen’s team found they could minimize&nbsp; the nausea if they started with a small&nbsp;&nbsp; dosage of liraglutide, then ramped it up over&nbsp; time. Which is a strategy still used today. Novo Nordisk published phase 3 trials in&nbsp; December 2007. They showed that liraglutide&nbsp;&nbsp; helped regulate blood sugar, reduced blood&nbsp; pressure, and led to modest weight loss.&nbsp;&nbsp; It also hit the goal of an 8 to 10 hour half life,&nbsp; which made it appropriate for a daily injection. They applied for approval in Europe and in the&nbsp;&nbsp; US at the same time — May of 2008.&nbsp; It got approved in Europe in 2009,&nbsp;&nbsp; and in the US in January of 2010. Novo&nbsp; Nordisk sold it under the brand name Victoza.&nbsp; And it was clear right away that Victoza was going&nbsp; to hit blockbuster status, or a billion dollars&nbsp;&nbsp; in annual sales, faster than expected. Right,&nbsp; patients who had been taking Lilly’s twice-daily&nbsp;&nbsp; exenatide, now had a more convenient alternative&nbsp; with once daily liraglutide. So in the US at&nbsp;&nbsp; least, Victoza started eating into Lilly’s Byetta&nbsp; sales in the first few weeks of its release.&nbsp; Now, at the time Lilly was developing a&nbsp; product called Bydureon, a once a week,&nbsp;&nbsp; extended release version&nbsp; of exenatide. But in 2010,&nbsp;&nbsp; the FDA asked them for more clinical&nbsp; data, which delayed its approval. So, and stay with me here — Lilly sold the global&nbsp; rights for both Bydureon and Byetta to Amylin,&nbsp;&nbsp; that small biotech company from earlier. Amylin&nbsp; was then acquired by Bristol Myers Squibb,&nbsp;&nbsp; whose diabetes division was bought by AstraZeneca.&nbsp; So by 2013, Astra-Zeneca had inherited exenatide.&nbsp; Meanwhile, you’ve got all these other&nbsp; GLP-1 analogs coming out at the same time.&nbsp; Sanofi’s lixisenatide, another exenatide&nbsp; based analog got FDA approval in 2016.&nbsp;&nbsp; But they later withdrew it because&nbsp; it wasn’t selling well. Likewise,&nbsp;&nbsp; GlaxoSmithKline’s once a week albiglutide,&nbsp; basically 2 GLP-1s attached to albumin,&nbsp;&nbsp; got FDA approval in 2014 but was&nbsp; withdrawn in 2017 also due to poor sales. Either way, by the twenty tens, there was&nbsp; an established market for GLP-1 analogs as a&nbsp;&nbsp; treatment for type 2 diabetes and scientists&nbsp; had solved the short half life problem. The&nbsp;&nbsp; Americans were inspired nature, while the Danes&nbsp; introduced a brand new molecular technology.&nbsp; But during those early preclinical&nbsp; studies, Knudsen’s team noticed that&nbsp;&nbsp; animals on liraglutide were eating less than&nbsp; their counterparts. And earlier studies had&nbsp;&nbsp; even shown rats starving themselves to death&nbsp; due to suppressed appetites. So as early as&nbsp;&nbsp; the mid 1990s, Lotte wondered if GLP-1&nbsp; analogs could be weight loss drugs too.&nbsp; GLP-1’s viral moment was coming,&nbsp; but it wasn’t always a given.&nbsp; In April of 2005, the CEO of Novo&nbsp; Nordisk is quoted as saying “Obesity&nbsp;&nbsp; is primarily a social and cultural problem.&nbsp; It should be solved by means of a radical&nbsp;&nbsp; restructuring of our society… There is no&nbsp; business for Novo Nordisk in that area”. Now, I agree with Sorensen that social and&nbsp; environmental factors contribute to obesity,&nbsp;&nbsp; but the “business in that&nbsp; area” deserves a closer look.&nbsp; Because weight loss medications have their own&nbsp; backstory. it probably deserves its own video. The first drug approved by the FDA specifically&nbsp; to treat obesity was cleared in 1947. This was&nbsp;&nbsp; before drugs had to show safety and&nbsp; efficacy data prior to approval. That&nbsp;&nbsp; drug was desoxyephedrine…. which is&nbsp; better known today as methamphetamine. That led to more amphetamine-based weight&nbsp; loss drugs in the 1950s and 60’s. But after&nbsp;&nbsp; the FDA started requiring drug&nbsp; efficacy studies in the 1960s,&nbsp;&nbsp; many of these kinds of drugs struggled to&nbsp; show that they actually caused weight loss.&nbsp; The FDA allowed some of&nbsp; them to stay on the market,&nbsp;&nbsp; but only for short term use and they needed&nbsp; to come with a black box warning for safety.&nbsp; As a result, amphetamines got less popular by&nbsp; the late 20th century. But then all of a sudden,&nbsp;&nbsp; in the 1990s, a combination of two&nbsp; older drugs exploded in popularity:&nbsp;&nbsp; Fenfluramine and phentermine, or&nbsp; what became known as FenPhen.&nbsp; These drugs caused more eight loss together than&nbsp; individually. But then came Redux, a new variation&nbsp;&nbsp; of fenfluramine. And it got super popular,&nbsp; peaking 85,000 prescriptions a week at one point. Media covered it favorably at first. But&nbsp; things changed after a paper came out in&nbsp;&nbsp; 1997 pointing to a possible link between&nbsp; FenPhen use and heart valve issues. And&nbsp;&nbsp; further studies confirmed the link — people&nbsp; who took FenPhen for extended amounts of time,&nbsp;&nbsp; especially more than 24 months, had a&nbsp; higher risk of heart valve problems.&nbsp; Knowing this, the FDA recommended taking&nbsp; the drugs off the market in September of&nbsp;&nbsp; 1997. The company that manufactured&nbsp; FenPhen dealt with some high profile,&nbsp;&nbsp; very expensive lawsuits at the end of&nbsp; the 90s as a result. This was around&nbsp;&nbsp; the time Novo Nordisk was beginning&nbsp; clinical trials for liraglutide. So fast forward to 2005, and I can see why&nbsp; the Novo Nordisk CEO wasn’t enthusiastic&nbsp;&nbsp; about pursuing obesity treatments. Historically,&nbsp; weight loss drugs were more risk than reward. At the same time, if you could get a drug approved&nbsp; for obesity, the potential market was massive. By&nbsp;&nbsp; 2011, over half a billion people worldwide were&nbsp; living with obesity. And that number was growing. Knudsen’s group had been looking into&nbsp; liraglutide’s effects on weight loss&nbsp;&nbsp; before it was approved for type 2 diabetes.&nbsp; They published their first paper on&nbsp; in 2001. And over the next few years, they kept&nbsp; publishing research comparing liraglutide effect&nbsp;&nbsp; on weight loss to placebos, as well as&nbsp; against other GLP-1 receptor agonists. Working in Knudsen’s favor was that, in the&nbsp; early 2000s, Novo Nordisk didn’t have much&nbsp;&nbsp; else in development, so the company changed&nbsp; course and pursued liraglutide for obesity.&nbsp; But where Victoza was&nbsp; 1.2-2.8&nbsp; milligrams of liraglutide,&nbsp;&nbsp; the weight loss formulation was 3 milligrams&nbsp; and went by the not-so-creative name of lira3mg. Phase two trials started in 2007, followed&nbsp; by Phase three in 2011. At which point,&nbsp;&nbsp; the interest in liraglutide starts picking up.&nbsp; A set of studies published that year in the&nbsp; Journal of Obesity showed that liraglutide&nbsp;&nbsp; was not only safe, but it led to an average of 6%&nbsp; weight loss in certain patients.&nbsp; By this point,&nbsp;&nbsp; the CEO was starting to come around&nbsp; to the potential of obesity drugs.&nbsp; And the timing couldn’t have been&nbsp; better. In the summer of 2013,&nbsp;&nbsp; the American Medical Association released&nbsp; a position statement that officially&nbsp;&nbsp; recognized obesity as a diseasethat&nbsp; required multiple interventions.&nbsp; The stage was set for weight&nbsp; loss drugs to make a comeback. Novo Nordisk submitted liraglutide for approval&nbsp; as a weight loss drug in December 2013 and&nbsp;&nbsp; got FDA approval a year later. They sold it&nbsp; under the brand name Saxenda in the States.&nbsp; Real quick clarification, liraglutide is the&nbsp; active ingredient in both Saxenda and Victoza.&nbsp;&nbsp; The difference comes down to what the drug&nbsp; is treating and the dosage prescribed.&nbsp; Victoza is prescribed for type 2 diabetes,&nbsp; typically at 1.2 to 1.8 milligrams per day,&nbsp;&nbsp; while Saxenda is approved for obesity and ramps&nbsp; up to a higher dose of 3 milligrams a day. Now, it took some time to figure out how it&nbsp; worked though. As Knudsen has pointed out,&nbsp;&nbsp; their new drug application for liraglutide as&nbsp;&nbsp; a diabetes treatment says that they&nbsp; didn’t see GLP-1 uptake in the brain. See, while GLP-1 is primarily a hormone, it&nbsp; can also activate certain nerves in the gut&nbsp;&nbsp; and bind to receptors in different parts of the&nbsp; brain stem that lead to a feeling of fullness. The body responds by slowing down gastric&nbsp; empyting, meaning food stays in your stomach&nbsp;&nbsp; for longer, which contributes to that fullness.&nbsp; So whether it’s the natural GLP-1 hormone or a&nbsp;&nbsp; GLP-1 analog like liraglutide, the response is&nbsp; the same: reduced appetite and less food intake. But this mechanism might also explain some&nbsp; of the gastrointestinal side effects that&nbsp;&nbsp; people experience while on GLP-1&nbsp; receptor agonists. High levels of&nbsp;&nbsp; GLP-1 signaling to the brainstem can&nbsp; trigger the brain's vomiting center.&nbsp;&nbsp; Fortunately, patients typically&nbsp; build a tolerance to the drug,&nbsp;&nbsp; which tamps down the GI side effects over time.&nbsp; That’s why dosages start small and ramp up. After liraglutide’s approval for weight loss, Eli&nbsp; Lilly’s introduced dulaglutide, a GLP-1 analog for&nbsp;&nbsp; diabetes treatment. And unlike liraglutide which&nbsp; is a single GLP-1 molecule hooked up to a fatty&nbsp;&nbsp; acid, dulaglutide consists of two modified GLP-1&nbsp; analogs hooked up to fragment of human antibody.&nbsp; This design lets it resist breakdown by the DPP-4&nbsp; enzyme, which allowed for once a week doses. Lilly sold it under the brand name Trulicity.&nbsp; But Novo Nordisk wanted a once a week injection&nbsp; too. And to do this, they decided to build on&nbsp;&nbsp; their albumin binding strategy from liraglutide’s&nbsp; development, but they needed to change something.&nbsp; Because they’d learned that while longer fatty&nbsp; acids increased the peptide’s ability to bind&nbsp;&nbsp; to albumin, which increases its half life,&nbsp; that came at the cost of affinity to the&nbsp;&nbsp; receptor, or how well the drug binds to its&nbsp; receptors. And that led to worse potency.&nbsp; The challenge then, was to find a molecule that&nbsp;&nbsp; would bind firmly to albumin,&nbsp; but also to GLP-1 receptors. Their best candidate was semaglutide. It had a&nbsp; GLP-1 (7-37) sequence, modified in two different&nbsp;&nbsp; amino acid positions, attached to an 18 carbon&nbsp; fatty aid chain, via a very important linker.&nbsp; But even before it hit the market,&nbsp; semglutide got attention. In a Novo&nbsp;&nbsp; Nordisk sponsored trial published in&nbsp; the New England Journal of Medicine,&nbsp;&nbsp; patients with type 2 diabetes treated&nbsp; with semaglutide had fewer heart attacks,&nbsp;&nbsp; fewer strokes, and died from cardiovascular&nbsp; events less frequently than the placebo group.&nbsp; This paper has been cited over 6,000&nbsp; times, which means it’s super influential.. Now, this was 2016, 2017,&nbsp; which was around the time&nbsp;&nbsp; Novo Nordisk’s patent on liraglutide&nbsp; was about to expire. This meant that&nbsp;&nbsp; other drug makers would be able to start&nbsp; making their own versions of the drug.&nbsp; And in 2017, a giant Israel-based&nbsp; generics&nbsp; producer, Teva Pharmaceuticals, applied for&nbsp;&nbsp; FDA approval for a generic liraglutide. Novo&nbsp; Nordisk saw this coming, but they wanted a&nbsp;&nbsp; little more time to transition their customers&nbsp; to their /new/ drug. So they reached a settlement&nbsp;&nbsp; with Teva where Novo Nordisk would extend their&nbsp; market exclusivity on liraglutide through 2023.&nbsp; That would give Nordisk time to ramp&nbsp; up marketing for their newly approved&nbsp;&nbsp; GLP-1 drug semaglutide, what they&nbsp; sold under the brand name Ozempic. And market it they did. In 2018, they launched&nbsp; a massive campaign for Ozempic. This is when&nbsp;&nbsp; I remember hearing that commercial&nbsp; with the “ohh ohh ohh Ozempic” jingle. Now at this point, Ozempic was still only&nbsp; approved for type 2 diabetes. But during its&nbsp;&nbsp; clinical trials, researchers noticed significant&nbsp; weight loss in diabetic patients, like with a 2&nbsp;&nbsp; milligram dose a week, 40% of participants&nbsp; lost at least 10% of their body weight. So while diabetes trials were ongoing, Novo&nbsp; Nordisk started testing higher doses of&nbsp;&nbsp; semaglutide for obesity. Phase 3 clinical trials&nbsp; were expected to finish by the end of 2019.&nbsp; But even before official approval, doctors were&nbsp; prescribing Ozempic for weight loss anyway. See,&nbsp;&nbsp; in the US, doctors are allowed&nbsp; prescribe a drug off-label, meaning,&nbsp;&nbsp; for a condition it doesn’t have FDA approval for.&nbsp; This is when hype for GLP-1s really&nbsp; starts building in the general public. Because among other things, the clinical trials of&nbsp; semaglutide for weight loss were looking extremely&nbsp;&nbsp; promising. Participants lost about 12-17% of&nbsp; their body weight over a year of treatment,&nbsp;&nbsp; compared to about 8 percent with liraglutide. Yes,&nbsp; there was the issue of weight loss plateauing,&nbsp;&nbsp; or gaining the weight back. But as long&nbsp; as the trial participants were able to&nbsp;&nbsp; stay on semaglutide, they tended&nbsp; to see the intended weight loss.&nbsp; There was also still some nausea and GI symptoms,&nbsp; which sometimes caused people to stop treatment.&nbsp; In June 2021, the FDA officially&nbsp; approved semaglutide for weight&nbsp;&nbsp; loss. Novo Nordisk put it&nbsp; on the market as Wegovy.&nbsp; And since they were already producing&nbsp; semaglutide at a large scale,&nbsp;&nbsp; they had it for sale in American&nbsp; pharmacies within the month. Now remember, by 2021, doctors had already been&nbsp; prescribing Ozempic for weight loss for years,&nbsp;&nbsp; and at the same time, some major&nbsp; American insurance companies&nbsp;&nbsp; formally decided they’d reimburse for&nbsp; Wegovy, which made it more accessible.&nbsp; The result was that Wegovy got more prescriptions&nbsp;&nbsp; in its first five weeks of sales than&nbsp; Saxenda did in its first four years. And while Ozempic and Wegovy&nbsp; were exploding in popularity,&nbsp;&nbsp; Eli Lilly was working on something new. They&nbsp; already had a weekly injection with Trulicity,&nbsp;&nbsp; but they wanted to experiment with&nbsp; something a little different.&nbsp; The result was called tirzepatide — a dual&nbsp; agonist&nbsp; that stimulates two different&nbsp;&nbsp; receptors. GLP-1 receptoprsand receptors for&nbsp; that incretin hormone I mentioned earlier:&nbsp;&nbsp; GIP, although by 2022 it had been renamed&nbsp; glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide.&nbsp; In the spring of 2022, Eli Lilly&nbsp; released&nbsp; tirzepatide under the names Mounjaro for&nbsp;&nbsp; diabetes and Zepbound for obesity.&nbsp; Some of the trials with tirzepatide&nbsp;&nbsp; showed over 20% body weight loss&nbsp; in participants with obesity.&nbsp; So! We’ve got this pent up demand from&nbsp; years of off label use as well as FDA&nbsp;&nbsp; approval for obesity, a condition&nbsp; that millions of people have. It&nbsp;&nbsp; was already prime conditions for a&nbsp; shortage. And then TikTok happened.&nbsp; From 2021 to 2023, information about GLP-1&nbsp; analogs hit the general public hard. Celebrities,&nbsp;&nbsp; influencers, and everyday people started&nbsp; sharing their experiences online.&nbsp; This became a big enough phenomenon that&nbsp; academics wrote journal articles about it. According to a non-academic article on&nbsp; trackdrugs.com, the Ozempic hashtag on&nbsp;&nbsp; TikTok grew from around 2 million views&nbsp; in 2021 to well over a billion in 2023.&nbsp; But just as demand was exploding,&nbsp; the supply chain hit a snag.&nbsp; In October of 2021, the FDA visited&nbsp; one of the facilities that Novo Nordisk&nbsp;&nbsp; used to make Wegovy. According to&nbsp; the 2023 book about Novo Nordisk,&nbsp;&nbsp; the visit resulted in “very harshly&nbsp; worded criticism” and a shut down of&nbsp;&nbsp; the production plant. That plant probably&nbsp; wouldn't start up again until late 2022. So in 2022, between the social media hype and&nbsp; factory shut down, Demand for semaglutide outpaced&nbsp;&nbsp; supply. As a result, the FDA declared a shortage&nbsp; of Wegovy in March and Ozempic in August.&nbsp; Lilly’s tirzepatide followed onto&nbsp; the shortage list in December,&nbsp;&nbsp; and Novo’s older liraglutide&nbsp; followed in July 2023. Now, the FDA defines a shortage as “a period&nbsp; of time when the demand or projected demand&nbsp;&nbsp; for the drug within the United States&nbsp; exceeds the supply of the drug.”.&nbsp; And while I couldn’t find the&nbsp; exact quantity of the shortage,&nbsp;&nbsp; the important thing to know is that&nbsp; new rules apply in this situation.&nbsp; Because as long as a drug is in shortage,&nbsp; FDA rules allow special pharmacies called&nbsp;&nbsp; compounding pharmacies to manufacture&nbsp; the drug. These are facilities with the&nbsp;&nbsp; ability to make bespoke medicines,&nbsp; usually for individual patients.&nbsp; For instance, if you have an allergy to one&nbsp; of the ingredients or need a modified dosage,&nbsp;&nbsp; compounding pharmacies can make that happen&nbsp; in a way that a large scale factory can’t. Importantly though, the compounded&nbsp; version does not need FDA approval.&nbsp;&nbsp; Novo Nordisk has highlighted this&nbsp; fact in advertisements, like this one,&nbsp;&nbsp; which I’m pretty sure is meant to mimic the&nbsp; style of online semaglutide seller, Hims. Speaking of the name brands, semaglutide&nbsp; and tirzepetide were both under patent&nbsp;&nbsp; at this point, so what are the&nbsp; compounders actually selling? The short answer is that compounding pharmacies&nbsp; are allowed to make patented drugs when the FDA&nbsp;&nbsp; declares a shortage. But the compounders&nbsp; couldn’t actually buy pure semaglutide or&nbsp;&nbsp; tirzepetide from the original manufacturers, so&nbsp; they had to resort to less-regulated sources. Some compounders made salts of semaglutide,&nbsp;&nbsp; like semaglutide sodium or semaglutide&nbsp; acetate. Some used research grade semaglutide,&nbsp;&nbsp; which isn’t held to the same purity standards&nbsp; as its pharmaceutical grade version.&nbsp; It even got to the point where the&nbsp; FDA issued a warning saying “Hey,&nbsp;&nbsp; just reminding y’all that these are different&nbsp; from the active ingredient we approved”. As you can imagine, both Novo Nordisk&nbsp; and Lilly wanted to fix the shortage,&nbsp;&nbsp; and take back their market share. So&nbsp; both companies spent 2023 and 2024&nbsp;&nbsp; building factories dedicated to GLP-1 production. Tirzepatide came off the&nbsp; shortage list on October 2,&nbsp;&nbsp; 2024. On February 21, 2025, semaglutide followed.&nbsp; In both cases, the FDA gave compounders a&nbsp;&nbsp; few months’ grace period to wing&nbsp; down production without penalty. Liraglutide was a little different though.&nbsp;&nbsp; Novo’s patent extension settlement with&nbsp; Teva Pharmaceuticals finally came to an end,&nbsp;&nbsp; and allowed Teva to manufacture an “authorized&nbsp; generic” version of Victoza in June of 2024.&nbsp; By the end of the year, a British drug maker named&nbsp;&nbsp; Hikma Pharmaceuticals followed&nbsp; with their own generic version. But even during the shortage, drug&nbsp; companies were still working on new GLP-1s.&nbsp; Like Eli Lilly is developing retatrutide a triple&nbsp; agonist that binds to receptors for GLP-1, GIP,&nbsp;&nbsp; and good old glucagon. As of the time of&nbsp; filming, it’s in phase 3 clinical trials. Lilly also acquired an /oral/ GLP-1 receptor&nbsp; agonist they’re calling orforglipron. It’s&nbsp;&nbsp; a small molecule, not a peptide, so unlike&nbsp; Novo Nordisk’s oral semaglutide, Rybelsus,&nbsp;&nbsp; it makes it through digestion fairly intact.&nbsp; Early clinical trial data in type&nbsp; 2 diabetics showed weight loss and&nbsp;&nbsp; blood sugar reductions on par with semaglutide.&nbsp; An effective GLP-1 pill would also be useful&nbsp;&nbsp; because it’s easier to get people&nbsp; to take pills than injections.&nbsp; Now, a ton of the hype around GLP-1s is based&nbsp; on what people expect them to do in the future.&nbsp;&nbsp; They’ll end obesity and cure Alzheimers and&nbsp; become the miracle drug of the 21st century. And&nbsp;&nbsp; maybe those will all happen, maybe they won’t,&nbsp; but we can still take away some lessons now. Takeaway number one, the early GLP-1 research in&nbsp; the 80s and early 90s was truly creative science.&nbsp; Like once we knew that GLP-1 and GLP-1 receptors&nbsp; existed, scientists used different routes to find&nbsp;&nbsp; agonists for that receptor. John Eng’s team&nbsp; used gila monster venom to make exenatide,&nbsp;&nbsp; while Lotte Knudsen’s team used that&nbsp; special albumin binding strategy.&nbsp; And both of them benefitted&nbsp; from the recent accessibility&nbsp;&nbsp; of recombinant DNA to make hormones.&nbsp; Takeaway number two, timing was everything&nbsp; in this story. This is pure speculation now,&nbsp;&nbsp; but had Novo Nordisk tried to market&nbsp; liraglutide for weight loss so close&nbsp;&nbsp; to the fallout from FenPhen, I doubt that&nbsp; patients would’ve swarmed to it like they have.&nbsp; Even though they work totally differently,&nbsp;&nbsp; FenPhen and Redux spooked a lot of folks&nbsp; away from the idea of weight loss drugs.&nbsp; So instead, by waiting and studying the product&nbsp; for a few years, the memory of FenPhen faded,&nbsp;&nbsp; and Nobo had a global customer base who was&nbsp; ready to give weight loss drugs another chance.&nbsp; But the timing of TikTok might’ve&nbsp; been even more impactful. Right,&nbsp;&nbsp; Americans understand the typical pharma&nbsp; advertisement at this point. It’s enough&nbsp;&nbsp; of a trope that SNL has a parody drug&nbsp; commercial every other week it seems.&nbsp; But when you hear people talk about Ozempic on&nbsp; TikTok, it doesn’t feel like an advertisement,&nbsp;&nbsp; it feels personal. It feels like that person&nbsp; is sharing their experience with a product;&nbsp;&nbsp; like it’s a restaurant or a book they’re&nbsp; recommending. TikTok feels like word of mouth,&nbsp;&nbsp; but has the reach of the entire internet.&nbsp; Plus, semaglutide is unique within&nbsp; the world of pharmaceuticals. It’s&nbsp;&nbsp; a drug that can be sold like a regular old&nbsp; consumer product since obesity is so common.&nbsp; Althouh, it would be wild to think&nbsp; that the TikTok phenomenon could&nbsp;&nbsp; apply to an antibiotic or a bronchodilator&nbsp; or something with a more niche audience.&nbsp; Takeaway number three, the financial&nbsp; success of GLP-1s changed the pharma&nbsp;&nbsp; industry’s appetite for weight loss drugs.&nbsp; These days, whether it’s a GLP-1 analog,&nbsp;&nbsp; a triple agonist, or something&nbsp; entirely different. just about&nbsp;&nbsp; every major pharma company is working&nbsp; on some kind of weight loss drug.&nbsp; So regardless of what happens&nbsp; with GLP-1s in the future,&nbsp;&nbsp; they’ll go down as the drugs that&nbsp; put weight loss back on the table.&nbsp; This video has been one of my most requested&nbsp; videos for literally years, and I’m thrilled to&nbsp;&nbsp; finally share it with you. But before you go, I’ve&nbsp; got some exciting news. From now on, you can find&nbsp;&nbsp; my videos early and ad-free on Nebula, the indie&nbsp; streaming platform made by creators for creators. You probably sat through, what, 4 or 5 ads to&nbsp; get here? Well on Nebula, there are no ads. You&nbsp;&nbsp; can watch videos uninterrupted for quite&nbsp; literally hours. My catalog is on there,&nbsp;&nbsp; plus bonus videos you won’t find on YouTube. Like&nbsp; one about a Nobel Prize winning scientist who&nbsp;&nbsp; thought Vitamin C could cure cancer, and another&nbsp; about how nobody knows where Neosporin comes from. But Nebula is home to hundreds of other creators&nbsp;&nbsp; you probably already love. Medical creators&nbsp; like Medlife Crisis and Chubby Emu,&nbsp;&nbsp; as well as folks you’ve seen on this channel&nbsp; before like Knowing Better and Mia Mulder. Plus, there are tons of Nebula Originals,&nbsp; content you won’t find anywhere else. I’ve&nbsp;&nbsp; been catching up on Lindsey Ellis’s latest video&nbsp; essays, including a deep dive on The Lord of the&nbsp;&nbsp; Rings and a documentary about the comeback of Guy&nbsp; Fieri. The girl’s got creative range, I tell ya. But what I love about Nebula the most is the&nbsp; curation. Like, all the other creators are so&nbsp;&nbsp; smart, and so creative that whether it’s a&nbsp; toxicology case study or satirical debate,&nbsp;&nbsp; I know the video is going to be&nbsp; high quality and worth my time.&nbsp; So if you want to check out the best&nbsp; streaming platform on the internet,&nbsp;&nbsp; go to nebula.tv/patrickkelly. You’ll get&nbsp; 40% off of an annual subscription,&nbsp;&nbsp; just $36 for a full year. You’ll be&nbsp; directly supporting me and other creators,&nbsp;&nbsp; and helping us make cool stuff.&nbsp; Again, that’s nebula.tv/patrickkelly. Thanks for watching yall, go sign up for Nebula.&nbsp;

- Ozempic – Hollywood’s Secret… Is It the Next Big Thing?: Kind: captions Language: en at any one time just about half the people in the world are trying to lose weight yet 95 of people who diet failed to lose that weight and keep it off despite that we keep spending billions of dollars each year looking for a Magic Bullet and right now everyone is talking about ozempic so is this drug a game changer let's get into it about 40 percent of adults in the world are overweight that's over two and a half billion people in the last 50 years or so obesity rates have tripled largely because calories have become more concentrated and more readily available obesity has been called the Public Health Challenge of our times what okay besides called it obesity leads to mental health consequences because of that weight bias and stigma in our society and it's also tied to diseases like heart attacks and stroke high blood pressure and diabetes chronic kidney disease and even certain Cancers and then there's the breakdown of joints from carrying that weight which is called osteoarthritis and one of the major consequences of that which is chronic lower back pain in the U.S alone 45 million people try a weight loss plan every year and a lot of those fad diets actually have negative Health consequences because they often lead to these repeated cycles of weight loss and weight gain which increases the risk of cardiovascular events and a lot of this is fed by the myth that obesity is a choice that it's all about food and activity levels yet we know that it's much more complex than that your weight and your body type is very much a function of your metabolic system and ultimately your genes this is why obesity is considered a chronic medical condition and not a lifestyle Choice which is also why for years scientists have been looking for effective ways to help people to lose weight and up to now weight loss surgery was really all we had to offer and only in extreme cases but many people are now saying that all of this has changed we finally have drugs that can do this effectively and they're called glp1 receptor agonists like ozampic glp1 stands for glucagon-like peptide and this is basically a hormone released by the gut in response to food consumption and what it does is when you eat and that glucose level goes up in your blood it tells your pancreas to make more insulin which then lowers that sugar level it also inhibits the release of another hormone called glucagon which normally acts to release sugar into the bloodstream so by increasing insulin and decreasing glucagon glp-1 is very effective at reducing blood sugar levels and that's why it was initially developed as a drug for people with diabetes and multiple Studies have shown that these drugs very effectively lower sugar levels and they reduce cardiovascular events in people with diabetes but these trials also showed a very interesting side effect and that is that people taking the drug at lost weight and the reason for this is that the drug also does something else because your intestines use it as a feedback mechanism to regulate how much food you're eating glp-1 actually slows down what's called the motility of the stomach and the intestines which basically means that it slows down digestion so food stays in your stomach for longer which keeps you feeling full for longer and that means you eat less and that's how you lose weight and drug companies are very opportunistic so they took advantage of that side effect and then they designed trials to see if these drugs can actually help anyone including people who don't have diabetes to lose weight and the first major trial was published in the New England Journal of Medicine in March of last year and I'd say it was a game changer they took almost 2 000 adults who were either obese meaning they had a body mass index or BMI of 30 or higher or they had a BMI of 27 or higher and at least one complication related to their weight such as high blood pressure high cholesterol sleep apnea or cardiovascular disease and what's important is that none of these people had diabetes two-thirds of them got the drug in this case a glp-1 receptor Agonist called semi-glutite orozepic and one-third got Placebo and they all got weight loss counseling along with a diet plan and an exercise plan and over 68 weeks this is what happened so the top line is how much people in the placebo group drop their weight in this case 2.4 percent of their body weight and the bottom line is how much those who took the drug lost in this case it was 14.9 percent of their body weight by week 68. and that difference was 12.4 percent of body weight or on average 28 more pounds lost in people who took ozampic along with that there was also lower blood pressure better physical functioning better mental functioning and lower blood sugar in fact over 80 percent of people who had pre-diabetes went back to being normal when they took the ozempic and they've repeated this trial in different groups of patients and different parts of the world and the results are pretty consistent over about 16 months people lose about 10 percent more of their body weight with the drug compared to a placebo and the weight loss actually continues on this drug for over a year after you start it in one study it didn't actually Plateau until about week 60 and in another study the weight stayed off even two years into taking the drug there just haven't been any drugs in the past that have come even close to this level of impact and ozempic isn't the only option although it's the best study drug there are recently published Trials of other drugs in the same class and we will probably see many other drugs like this approved in the next few years but there are drawbacks first of all most of these agents have to be administered subcutaneously which means that it's a tiny needle just under the skin so if you don't like needles this isn't for you also what happens when you stop the drug we know from a recent trial that people who stopped the drug did gain back some of the weight they had lost over the next few months so it's not a sustained benefit it helps you while you're on it but it does seem to wear off when you stop it and the other question is side effects so the good news is that we've been using these drugs and diabetes for over 15 years so we have a pretty good understanding of their safety and side effect profile the most common side effects are things like nausea diarrhea vomiting and constipation the other thing to keep in mind is that weight reduction is great as long as it's mostly fat that you're losing as opposed to muscle and bone so we still need to understand the pattern of weight loss that happens from these drugs and also what impact they might have on our bone mineral density the last thing is that they're very expensive if you're getting it for diabetes you might have insurance coverage and people who are obese or have weight related complications might all also have coverage but a lot of people who don't actually meet those criteria are still taking this drug and that's what we call off-label use and that means that a whole lot of people are using it simply to lose weight which has created shortages for people with diabetes who rely on the drug for their disease this has also led to a black market for the drug and that's driven prices as high as 1200 to 1500 a month and there is a higher dose version of ozempic called wagovi which is actually marketed for weight loss but that also is very hard to find right now and a big part of this is celebrity culture and social media so for example Kim Kardashian lost about 20 pounds very quickly for the Met Gala this year and then a whole bunch of people started suspecting that ozampic was her secret and that led to a frenzy on social media and if you look up ozempic on Tick Tock today you will see over 300 million views Elon Musk is another celebrity who used it and then he started promoting it on his social media platform we might have heard of it it's called Twitter and now we're being told that celebrities are actually using this drug as part of their grooming routine for events kind of like how they use botox but of course that leads to a yo-yoing of their weight which is not a good thing on the other hand if these drugs are used properly they have amazing potential even small amounts of weight loss can improve things like quality of life mental health mobility and even sexual function when you get to about 10 percent weight loss you start seeing improvements in things like sleep apnea and fatty liver and at 15 weight loss some people will actually see their diabetes disappear and they'll start lowering their chances of a heart attack or stroke glp-1 receptor agonists like ozampic are game-changing drugs so much so that they are now recommended in medical guidelines as a weight loss option in an Ideal World healthy eating and active living would keep us all at a healthy and happy weight and we do need to keep working on those but for a lot of people these drugs are the Magic Bullet that they've been waiting for for more health and science content subscribe to the feed

- Ozempic & Mounjaro Can’t Fix: The Biology of Trauma & Weight Gain (Ep. 2): Kind: captions Language: en We all live in this exact same food environment. If we're all swimming in the exact same sea of dopamine, ultrarocessed foods, and hyperpalatable engineered snacks, why is one person's brain hijacked, leading to severe treatment resistant obesity, while another person seems completely immune? Why does one nervous system treat a donut as a simple passing treat while another nervous system treats it as a powerful necessary sedative? Why does one body naturally burn off excess energy while another body holds on to it? Today we're going to discuss the single most overlooked, misunderstood, and stigmatized factor in the global obesity epidemic. We're talking about adverse childhood experiences and the permanent biological rewiring of your metabolism. I'm Dr. Amin Hayad, triple board certified physician, assistant clinical professor, and pathologist. I appreciate you subscribing to my channel if you haven't already and turn on the notifications so you don't miss the videos as they get released. Before we go any further, here's a note of care. If you have experienced early life trauma, whether that's abuse, neglect, or extreme household dysfunction, some of the concepts we discussed today might be difficult to hear. It may bring up the past, but please understand the intention. This is not about blame, not about labeling you as broken. My goal today is to show you the rigorous, peer-reviewed science of your own resilience. I want to show you that your body did exactly what it needed to do to survive an unsafe environment. Your weight is not a character flaw and it's in fact a brilliant biological adaptation. In our last episode, we mapped out the neuroscience of hijack. We discussed how the modern food environment hacks your dopamine pathways, overriding your prefrontal cortex. We talked about the difference between wanting and liking, and how sugar and fat can physically downregulate your reward system, leaving you in a chronic state of dopamine deficit. But that explanation, as neurologically accurate as it is, leaves a big question unanswered. Today we're going to look at the hardware and the software of your stress response. We'll explore how early life stress can permanently change the set point of your cortisol, alters physical architecture of your fat cells, and change the way your DNA is read through a process called epigenetics. We're going to explain why for a traumatized nervous system, obesity is not a metabolic dysfunction. And in fact, it's a necessary, calculated, and mathematically precise adaptation for survival. To understand this, we'll travel back in time to 1985, and we'll go to a clinic in San Diego, California, that accidentally discovered the root cause of the modern obesity crisis. Dr. Vincent Feliti was a highly respected preventive medicine physician running a successful weight loss clinic at Kaiser Permanente. His program was the gold standard of the 1980s. Strict liquid diets, intensive medical monitoring, and rapid dramatic weight loss. And clinically, looking at the charts, it was working great. Patients were losing hundreds of pounds. Their blood pressure was dropping. Their type 2 diabetes was reversing. But then Dr. Feliti noticed a deeply disturbing patterns in his data. The patients who were succeeding the most, the ones rapidly shedding the weight and hitting their target BMIs, were suddenly dropping out of the program. Surprisingly, they were quitting because they were succeeding. Dr. Feliti was baffled because it made no medical sense. He tracked down one of his patients, a woman who had lost a massive amount of weight, looked fantastic on paper, and then suddenly regained it all back and abandoned the clinic. He sat her down and asked, "What happened? Your blood work had improved and you were doing so well." She told him a story about her childhood. It was a story of abuse. A story where being small, unnoticed, and attractive was deeply physically dangerous. And being big, heavy, and imposing felt safe. Her weight was acting as a physical shield. When the shield disappeared, the terror returned. I want to pause here. Does this resonate with anyone watching? Have you or anyone you know ever successfully lost weight, started receiving compliments, and suddenly felt a wave of unexplained anxiety that led you straight back to your starting weight. Drop a yes in the comments if you've experienced this so-called self-sabotage. I want you to look at the comments and see that you're not alone. This single conversation sparked a hypothesis that led to one of the largest and consequential public health studies in history. The adverse childhood experiences study. The Centers for Disease Control and Kaiser Permanente partnered to survey over 17,000 middle-class Americans. They asked them 10 specific uncomfortable questions about their childhood environments before the age of 18. Did you experience physical abuse, emotional neglect? Was there a parent with active addiction at home? Was there a violent divorce? Was there incarceration? Was there sexual trauma? They gave everyone a score from 0 to 10. The results they found were medically surprising. They found a dose dependent relationship between the number of trauma categories a person experienced and their risk of chronic disease in adulthood. Dose dependent means the higher the dose of trauma, the higher the rate of disease. According to the data, if you had an A score of four or higher, your risk of severe obesity didn't just go up a few percentage points. It in fact doubled. Your risk of developing type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and severe autoimmune disorders also went up. But here's a critical pivot of our story. When the study was published, the medical community and the general public looked at this data and drew an overly simplistic and biased conclusion. They said, "Oh, well, these people are stressed out, so they eat comfort food to cope with their feelings. It's a behavioral issue. They just need better coping mechanisms." But as a physician who studied the pathology of these diseases, I can tell you that this view is scientifically incomplete and dare I say, medically negligent. What we now know thanks to 30 years of advancements in neuroendocrinology is that severe early life trauma can fundamentally disrupt your HBA access, which is beyond just making you sad or stressed. When a developing human nervous system is exposed to chronic unpredictability, whether that's physical violence, emotional neglect, or the chaos of the disregulated household, it learns one specific overriding lesson. The environment is hostile and the world is unsafe. To survive an unsafe world, the body must constantly be ready for war. It initiates a physiological threat response. It recruits a neuroendocrine superhighway known as the HPA axis, the hypothalamus, pituitary, and adrenal glands. Think of the hypothalamus located deep into the brain as the radar system. When it detects a threat, it sends a chemical signal to the pituitary gland, the commander. The pituitary then sends an urgent message down to the adrenal glands, which sits right on top of your kidneys. The adrenals then secrete a hormone called cortisol. Cortisol is the master stress hormone. It's designed to save your life in the short term. When that cortisol floods your bloodstream, it does three very specific things to help you survive a famine or a physical fight. First, it immediately raises your blood sugar. It signals your liver to dump glucose into your veins so your muscles have instant fuel to run or fight. Second, it raises your blood pressure to forcefully pump that oxygenated sugar rich blood to your extremities. Third, it shuts down all non-essential long-term projects. It halts digestion. It suppresses the reproductive system. It pauses immune repair. You don't need to digest a sandwich or fight off a mild cold if you're about to be eaten by a predator. In a normal healthy life, stress is an acute spike. You see a tiger, cortisol spikes. You run, you hopefully survive, the tiger leaves and cortisol drops back to baseline. The parasympathetic nervous system kicks in and you rest and digest and the system resets. But what happens when the tiger lives in your house? What happens when the life-threatening danger is a chaotic, unpredictable parent? Or the chronic stress of deep poverty or the silent terrifying fear of abandonment? You can't fight them and you can't run away from them. The spike never drops. The radar never turns off. The developing nervous system is bathed in a toxic wash of cortisol 24 hours a day, 7 days a week for years. This chronic, unrelenting exposure creates a physiological condition called HPA access dysregulation. The internal thermostat for stress breaks. Decades later, when you're an adult, when you're living in a safe neighborhood, when the threat is entirely gone, your baseline cortisol remains pathologically high. Your radar is still spinning, looking for a threat that no longer exists. or in some cases the system becomes so exhausted that it burns out completely leaving you with a blunted cortisol curve resulting in a profound paralyzing fatigue where you can't mount the energy to simply face the day. Now why does this specific dysregulation cause obesity? This brings us to the concept of endocrine reprogramming. We have to stop thinking of cortisol as just a stress hormone in the context of metabolic psychiatry and obesity medicine. Cortisol acts as a highly potent fat storage hormone and it's incredibly specific where it builds its reserves. As a medical doctor, when I look at patients with Cushing disease, a condition where a tumor causes the body to produce massive unregulated amounts of cortisol. I see a very specific recognizable body shape. These patients have thin arms and thin legs, but a massive dense buildup of fat in the abdomen and in the back of the neck. This is because cortisol specifically targets visceral atapose tissue. Here we need to differentiate between fat types. Subcutaneous fat is the soft fat that sits right under your skin of your arms, hips or legs and it's mostly inert metabolic storage. Visceral fat cells possess a significantly higher density of gluccocorticoid receptors which chemically speaking this means visceral fat is sticky for cortisol. Why would the body do this? Why would the biological system forcefully packs fat tightly around your vital organs whenever you're stressed? Because visceral fat is biologically easier and can readily break down and release free fatty acids directly into the portal vein. The portal vein acts as a direct superighway straight to the liver where those fatty acids are instantly converted into glucose. If your traumatized nervous system genuinely believes you're living in a permanent war zone, it doesn't want your energy reserves stored far away in your thighs or arms where it takes time and effort to access. It wants the fuel stored right next to where it needs to get processed. It wants instant energy ready to dumped into the bloodstream at a millisecond's notice to fuel the fight orflight response. So that stubborn belly fat that you hate, that's a tactical bunker. And your body built a strategic, highly efficient fuel reserve to survive a war that ended 20 years ago. This physiological reality is exactly why traditional weight loss advice feels like gaslighting to a trauma survivor. Some people even in the medical community tell you to just cut calories. But to a disregulated HBA access, a calorie deficit is not a path to health. A calorie deficit is in fact a biological threat. Calorie restriction is a severe biological stressor and it naturally raises cortisol which leads to more fat storage. Let's say you listen to the advice. You go on a strict thousand calorie a day diet, which translates to you actively starving yourself. Your brain, which is already hypervigilant, already scanning the horizon for the next disaster, senses the sudden lack of incoming food. It sounds the alarms that the famine is here or the war has escalated. What does your body do in response? It fights back. It spikes your cortisol even higher. It downregulates your thyroid function to aggressively slow your resting metabolic rate. It clutches onto that visceral fat with a grip of iron, refusing to burn it because your deep survival brain believes that fat is the only thing standing between you and death by starvation. You're fighting an ancient biology that's desperately trying to save your life. This isn't fighting lack of willpower. But the mechanism of trauma goes much deeper than just circulating hormones and fat storage. It goes down to the microscopic level. It goes to the very blueprint of your cells. To fully grasp the magnitude of the wound, we need to talk about the epigenetics. For a very long time in medicine, we believed that your genes were your absolute destiny. You were born with a fixed script inherited from your parents and you simply played it out. If you had the obesity gene, you would be obese. We now know definitively that this is false. Think of your genes as the hardware of your computer. Epigenetics is like your operating system and early life trauma can write the code. Think of it as a study of how behaviors, environment, and severe psychological stress cause physical changes that affect the way your genes work. These epigenetic changes don't mutate or alter underlying DNA sequence. Instead, they change how your body reads that sequence. They turn certain genes on, and they forcefully switch other genes off. There is a highly specific heavily studied gene called FKBP5. This gene plays a critical role in your stress response and acts as the negative feedback loop. It regulates the sensitivity of the gluccocorticoid receptors, the microscopic ears on your cells that hear cortisol and tell your body to calm down after a stressor has passed. Recent studies have shown that experiencing severe early life trauma causes a process called methylation. A methyl group, a tiny chemical tag, physically attaches itself to the regulator region of the FKBP5 gene, effectively putting a padlock on a vital piece of machinery. This epigenetic attack fundamentally changes the sensitivity of your entire stress response system. It hardwires your cells at a molecular level to be hyper reactive to any future stress. Let me give you a clinical example of what this looks like in real world. This means that if you with your history of childhood trauma and the resulting epigenetic methylation and your best friend who had a perfectly safe, highly regulated childhood both experience the exact same modern stressor, the biological outcome is vastly different. Let's say you both get stuck in severe gridlock traffic on the way to a highstakes meeting or you both receive a vaguely threatening rude email from your boss. Your friend's brain registers a threat. She gets a mild feeling of annoyance. Her cortisol goes up slightly to make her feel alert. She takes a deep breath and within 10 minutes her cortisol drops back to baseline. The event is practically over for her. You on the other hand experience a total physiological cascade. Your unmethylated disregulated system can't apply the brakes. You get a massive disproportionate cortisol dump. Your heart raises. Your blood pressure elevates. Your liver dumps glucose into the blood causing a massive blood sugar spike. And your body receives a deafening chemical signal to store visceral fat. Same traffic, same email, vastly different biological response. Why is that? Because of the epigenetic software installed in your DNA decades ago when you were, let's say, just 5 years old. This epigenetic scarring creates what we call a pro-inflammatory phenotype. Your body is locked in a state primed for inflammation. And as we'll learn, inflammation is the ultimate enemy of a healthy metabolism. This profound dysregulation leads us directly to the self-medication hypothesis. In episode one, we talked about the dopamine hijack. We established how highly engineered food acts like a drug on the brain. But now with the context of trauma, we can connect the final dots. We can answer why the hijack happens so fiercely in some people. Why do we relentlessly crave highfat, high sugar, ultrarocessed foods when we're stressed, anxious, or triggered? Is this just because they taste good, or is it merely a pursuit of empty pleasure? Dr. Mary Dolman, a pioneering researcher at the University of California in San Francisco, discovered something profound in her extensive research on the stress response network. She found that when a mammal ingest what we call comfort food, specifically the combination of high sugar and high fat, it effectively puts the biological brakes on your system. It actively chemically dampens the stress response. When you eat the donut or the pizza or the sleeve of cookies, it causes a surge of insulin and alters gluccocorticoid signaling in the brain. Your cortisol lowers. You feel a transient genuine wash of physiological calm. The loud anxious noise in your head temporarily stops. The tight panicky feeling in your chest loosens. For a person living with severe HPA dysregulation and an overactive fear center, food is more than just nutrition or calories. It's the most readily available, socially acceptable pharmacological tool to downregulate a screaming emotional center of the brain called amydala. You're essentially eating to forcefully lower your cortisol. You're utilizing food as an anzolytic, but like any powerful drug, you build a rapid tolerance. Because your baseline cortisol is chronically high, your brain requires more and more sugar and more and more fat to achieve the same dampening effect. Think about your own intense cravings for a moment. When you reach for those ultrarocessed foods, are you truly physically hungry or are you trying to turn down the volume of your stress? If you feel comfortable sharing, let me know in the comments. Do you tend to use food as fuel or as a sedative? Please be honest. Identifying this mechanism is a crucial step to healing it. This creates a devastating self-perpetuating vicious cycle. The emotional stress drives the binge eating. The binge eating drives the storage of visceral fat. The expanding visceral fat creates systemic inflammation. And the systemic inflammation acts as a physiological stressor to the brain which creates more stress. Finally, I want to address the most painful sensitive but perhaps the most clinically important part of this biology, the concept of the armor. In Dr. Felit's original thousands of patient interviews and in the clinical experience of obesity medicine physicians worldwide we have observed a heartbreaking pattern among survivors of sexual abuse physical boundary violations and severe childhood bullying for many of these individuals. The excess atipose tissue serves a highly specific protective function. It desexualizes the body and creates a physical barrier. a thick layer of insulation between the vulnerable inner self and a dangerous outer world. It makes them feel invisible to the predators or conversely it makes them feel big enough and imposing enough to never be victimized again. Biologically, we see this physiological paradox mirrored in the hormone leptin. We typically think of leptin as our primary satiety hormone, the signal that tells us we're full. But from a strict biological perspective, leptin acts as a permission hormone. High circulating leptin levels, which come from having high body fat, signals to the hypothalamus that the body has enough energy to safely reproduce. But if the traumatized nervous system has deeply tagged reproduction, intimacy, or unwanted physical attention as a severe life-threatening danger, the psyche and the biology enter a brutal war. Your conscious logical mind looks in the mirror and says, "I want to lose weight. I want to feel lighter. I want to be healthy." But your subconscious primitive survival brain also says if you get small you can get hurt. If you get attractive you may get attacked. And in the battle between the logical mind and the survival brain the survival brain controls the metabolic levers. So let's say you start a new diet. You lose 20 pounds. People start noticing. Co-workers comment on how great you look. Someone gives you an unsolicited physical compliment and suddenly absolute panic sets in. The central nervous system alarm rings. The insomnia starts. The anxiety spikes to unbearable levels. And the subconscious sabotage begins. You find yourself mindlessly binging in the middle of the night and quickly gain the 20 lbs back, probably plus an extra 10 lbs of buffer. And you sit there devastated, blaming your willpower. You call yourself weak, undisiplined, and broken. But you weren't weak. You were terrified. Your body sensed a massive vulnerability, the sudden loss of your protective armor, and it rushed to build the wall to keep you safe. This is exactly what I mean when I say severe obesity is a neuromabolic adaptation. Your weight is not the core problem. Your weight is the solution your body brilliantly created to solve the much deeper problem of feeling fundamentally unsafe. So where does this reality leave us? If your fat cells are structurally programmed by your childhood trauma and your DNA is epigenetically tagged by unhealed stress, are you doomed? Is this a permanent life sentence? Are you destined to fight your weight forever? Absolutely not. Epigenetics is like a switch. And the great thing about switches is that they can be flipped back. The human brain possesses extraordinary neuroplasticity, the ability to rewrite its neural pathways. The HBA access, no matter how disregulated, can be recalibrated. But, and this is the single most important clinical nuance I would give you in this entire series, you can't fix a trauma-induced metabolism issue with a calorie deficit alone. If you try to simply diet the weight off without actively addressing the underlying nervous system dysregulation, you're just aggressively poking a sleeping bear. You're adding physiological stress to psychological stress. you're triggering the exact survival mechanism that's keeping you heavy in the first place. The path forward, the true protocol for lasting biological healing, which will detail step by step in the final episode of this series, requires a complete reversal of that traditional order of operation. Most people and some medical professionals tell you to do this. diet first, exercise vigorously, and maybe try some stress management or meditation last if you have free time. For the trauma phenotype, this order is a recipe for catastrophic failure. The order must be entirely flipped. Safety first. Before we cut a single calorie, we have to convince the emotional center of the brain, your amygdala, that the war is definitely over. This involves active daily nervous system regulation. This means summatic experiencing targeted vagus nerve stimulation to increase parasympathetic veagal tone and aggressive sleep regulation to lower baseline cortisol. Regulation is second. We have to mechanically fix the broken cortisol rhythm. This means utilizing early morning sunlight viewing to set the circadian clock. implementing strict protein pacing to stabilize blood sugar and setting fierce interpersonal boundaries to stop new stress from entering the system. Nutrition is third. Only once the nervous system feels safe do we focus on the plate and we nourish the body specifically to lower systemic inflammation rather than starving it to forcefully induce weight loss. We have to methodically dismantle the bunker not by violently attacking it with starvation but by peacefully proving to the cellular biology that the war is over. We covered some heavy paradigm shifting biology today. But before we can fully engage in that repair, we have to deeply understand the biological cost of carrying this armor. Because when the human body stays in this high cortisol, high visceral fat survival mode for years and decades, something concerning begins to happen. The visceral fat tissue doesn't just sit there quietly. It's highly active. And over time, it starts to suffer from hypoxia, a lack of oxygen. It starts to change. And when visceral fat gets like this, it starts to send out powerful destructive immune signals called inflammatory cytoines. These cytoines travel through your bloodstream and they're capable of crossing the bloodb brain barrier, creating not only systemic inflammation, but also affect the optimal brain function. In our next episode, we're going to talk about the fire. We're going to connect the biology of obesity directly to the pathology of clinical depression. We're going to explain at the cellular level why you feel so overwhelmingly tired all the time, why you suffer from debilitating brain fog, and why you have zero motivation to do the things you used to love. We're going to introduce you to a concept called sickness behavior. And we're going to explore the terrifying reality that your deep depression might not be just a chemical imbalance in your brain, but also secondary to metabolic change to your own inflamed atapost tissue. If this episode resonated with you today, if you felt seen perhaps for the very first time, I'm asking you not to keep this information to yourself. There is someone in your life right now who is looking in the mirror crying, convinced that they're just lazy or broken. They have no idea they're carrying a profound physiological wound. Share this video with them to help them understand that their lifelong struggle is not a character flaw. If this is the first video you watched on my channel, welcome to my channel. If you haven't already, I would appreciate you subscribing to the channel and turning on your notifications so you don't miss the next step. And please join us as we continue to map this concept out. Thank you for being here and for your interest in medical sciences. Stay curious and above all, stay uninflamed. I'll see you in the next video.

- Semaglutide Weight Loss Drugs Pros & Cons (Ozempic vs. Wegovy) | Cabral Concept 2623: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] welcome back to the show here on our wellness and weight loss Wednesday we're going to be exploring the topic you may have already started hearing about it about specific glp-1 drugs these are Pharmaceuticals that are used typically in type 2 diabetes now being used for weight loss and you'd be shocked at how many people are not qualifying for the drug meaning their BMI or having type 2 diabetes yet they are still being prescribed to it by their doctor what I want to share with you are the actual results that people are getting from an unbiased perspective but also share with you some of the side effects that your doctor may never share with you because they probably do not know they haven't looked into some of these specific cases so let's dive right into it right now there is a class of drugs using something called semiglutide now people are just referring to this as they're taking some glutide but they're typically not they're taking a specific brand of a drug that uses a specific dosage of semiglutide that we'll get into one is used with type 2 diabetes and another is used with obesity or just for general population they're using it for weight loss so this is a class of drug that I described before as a uh incratin or it's it's basically an insulin a memetic so what it does is it tells your body to produce more or the proper amount of insulin from the pancreas in order to be able to get and shuttle sugar glucose out of the bloodstream and into either muscles the liver or fat stores and what it can do then is it can better regulate your blood sugar help with overall inflammation and as a secondary it can act as an appetite suppressant typically at a little bit of a higher dose so um what it also does at the end what we want to look at this is a specific a class of drugs called glp-1 receptor agonists or glucagon like peptide 1 receptor Agonist and what that means is that glucagon so glucagon is typically being used to help balance overall blood sugar we stare we store glycogen from excess glucose in the body it can also be through other factors as well but basically you can use fatty acids you can use amino acids but what we do in the body is we take any excess energy meaning glucose from the bloodstream and if it's not needed because you're not in a fight or flight response or you're not in a sporting event or you're not an activity it will say okay we're going to store the excess sugar that's your glucose right inside of the liver cells inside of the muscle cells or inside of the body fat right and so the more excess energy you have and again calories in General it can be stored as body fat so what this drug does is it helps to shuttle it to the earrings that are needed so the glucose isn't always in the bloodstream that enables you to actually burn more body fat because blood sugar levels aren't elevated and it also helps secondarily with blood pressure and cardiovascular issues with high cholesterol and that's actually another kind of off Market used for this drug as well that doctors will prescribe it for because if you can balance out blood sugar levels you help with all metabolic forms of disease your blood pressure issues your cardiovascular issues and your type 2 diabetic based issues so the drug has actually been around for a fair amount of time I well I don't want to guess at it but it's been around for years now years and years and so it is just now for the very first time being marketed as a brain an appetite-based suppressant to help with weight loss as well as bouncing blood sugar so if this isn't injectable typically it's in a pen you're going to inject it in your stomach or your thigh or again wherever your doctor gives you that recommendation I just want to share with you of course I'm not here to provide you with any medical advice medical treatment plans medical diagnosis or any of the medical based advice but I want to share with you before I get into this study because I'm actually going to share with you this study the dosage that were used the results where people were getting I want you to always remember that you can you can never get right something for nothing and so there are potential risks now I'm a natural health practitioner I'm an Integrative Health practitioner I'm a board certified doctor of naturopathy my background is in all forms of Natural Health ayurvedic medicine traditional Chinese medicine by regulatory medicine but also backed up by functional medicine lab testing Etc so I know I believe in all forms of medicine and I'm here to help people so if we have a pharmaceutical that is able to help people that doesn't cause other issues then great but I want you to know that this is not one of those Pharmaceuticals and again I don't prescribe any Pharmaceuticals so I can't get this for you nor necessarily am I recommending it because I'm always helping people to look at the underlying root cause for their particular imbalance and weight gain or type 2 diabetes for sure is one of those so what I want to share with you is this though and this is actually science-based as well and then we'll get to the the good like if you do decide to use this I'm going to share with you the different studies that were actually run so semi-glutide injections may increase the risk of developing tumors of the thyroid gland including thyroid carcinoma a type of thyroid cancer laboratory animals who are given some glue tide develop tumors but it is not known if this medication increases the risk of tumors in humans so again I think that this is something for us to be cautious about developing tumors carcinogenic tumors uh cancer of the thyroid is not a good thing especially since that thyroid gland as well is responsible for a lot of your metabolic rate all right other less severe issues is inflammation of the pancreas now pancreatitis is still nothing to fool around with but that's where the drug is acting on the drugs acting on the pancreas there could be changes in vision there can be drops in blood sugar so all of a sudden if you're having blood sugar of 110 120 typically has a fasting glucose and it drops it down to 70 or below yeah you might start feeling lightheaded and weak and forgetful and dizzy and all of those things and of course you'll want to speak with your doctor about that right can cause kidney failure that's a serious one of course as well cause reactions any injectable though could cause reactions so we're just kind of stating the obvious there and then also liver gallbladder based problems more so with gallbladder uh being an issue so all of these have been shown but there's one and this is a big one that doctors aren't telling you about and I'm going to get to the study in just a moment because it is it's a great study but a lot of the participants and also doctors in functional medicine meaning like they do more than just run your blood work right on an annual physical and again I'm not I'm not trying to um be patronizing to a doctor that just runs your blood work and gives you medication but I just think that we can do better right in this day and age we can certainly do a whole lot better than that so here's the thing though uh a lot of that weight loss was also coming from muscle so when I share with you the weight loss stats and their significant much of that weight loss was coming from muscle tissue and maybe even some from other essential tissues in the body tendons things like that as well why does this matter okay it matters for this reason your muscle is going to provide a lot of your metabolism the less muscle we have and we start to lose it after about age 27 the less we have as we get older the less strong uh we are less viral we are less energy we have the less hormone we can help to produce with with our exercise but also less calories we can eat we can we can't eat as much food with body fat alone the more muscle we have it's more metabolically active which allows us to eat more calories because every pound of that muscle requires more calories than the body fat itself so this is really important you want to keep muscle on as you age especially and so it's just vitally important that there is no something for nothing if you're going to be using these specific class of drugs then what we want to be able to do is make sure that people are exercising with weights strength training not just a hit workout strength training to keep the muscle on two three days a week really really important because that what happens is when you lose the muscle you have to eat less and less calories every single day whether you're on the drugs or not so you have to be really careful with that all right so now let's get into the actual studies because there's good news right all right so before we do that there's going to be Brands brought up brand names of drugs one is uh ozempic I don't know if that's the correct pronunciation uh you'll have to check with of course your pharmacologist uh and then there's wegavi and or wagovi it's w-e-g-o-v-y and the other one is o z e m p i c these are both injectables and they contain semi-glutide ozempic is approved for type 2 diabetes so the treatment of type 2 diabetes technically it's not for the treatment of type 2 diabetes it's typically an add-on and then wegavi I'll just pronounce it wegov you pronounce it however you'd like is a higher dose semiglutid drug so still injectable but typically used for weight loss they're not interchangeable typically ozempek is used for type 2 diabetes and then the wegavi is used for the weight loss all right so um now that we have that out of the way let's get into the studies so when this went head-to-head ozembic versus semiglutide uh or I should say the wegevee I think you'll find this interesting so in a clinical trial that compared weekly use of semi-glutide of one milligram which is typically the ozempic for type 2 diabetes and 2.4 milligrams of semiglutid which was the wegev it caused more significant weight loss than just the one uh milligram so basically because sometimes there's an upper limit to these drugs like where the effectiveness lies but technically the 2.4 milligrams allowed for much more weight loss than the one milligram of semiglutid which is the azympic Okay so uh the one milligram not going to cut it the same as the Omega V which is the higher dose typically it's once a week that's what the um the prescription currently is that might change in the future okay so uh let's get into it this is the step study and this is where all the details are it's called the step study is the semiglucide treatment effect in people that's where you get step with obesity now obesity should be a key factor here and key word because it's used for people with obesity which means a BMI of 30 or above if you don't know your BMI you can find it at Steven cabral.com forward slash assessments they're all free you can just literally scroll down to BMI and you'll be able to find your BMI Okay so and this uh large-scale trial patients were receiving 2.4 milligrams of the semiglutide and they lost a mean of six percent of their weight by 12 weeks so if we think about that uh what would that be right if we look at well let's look at the average person let's just say it's 200 pounds all right so we've got 200 pounds which might be closer for many people not all to the scale of obesity obviously depends on how tall you are but let's just use 200 and let's multiply that by point or by six percent and we get 12 pounds okay which makes sense right so when we have uh 12 pounds of weight loss in 12 weeks so you might say well that's not that dramatic and I would say yeah that's true but a lot of these people were not able to lose weight for some time they're not following a specific nutrition plan they're not following a specific diet this is people just using this drug and losing weight so 12 pounds obviously um you know it's not not insignificant at all like it's it's real weight loss and then let's see after uh 28 weeks so what's that about double the time let's say it's about six months they lost 24 pounds so they basically doubled their weight loss so very consistently right let's look what was that well they're very consistently they're losing about a pound a week right not quite 24 pounds uh by week 28 but they're losing about a pound a week now after 68 weeks I've told you that these drugs have been around for some time now and some doctors were using them uh it's called not off Market off label for specific uh other uses such as weight loss they lost somebody between 15 percent of their body weight and nearly a third lost 20 percent of their body weight so if we just multiply that by 200 we know it's 60 pounds so 68 weeks would be well 52 weeks in a year uh plus another 16 weeks so it's like another four months or so so about a year and four months right 16 months or so I think that that probably makes sense right around there uh they were able to lose about 60 pounds so let's just do the math on that 16 divided by 16 and let's just see what the average was it was about 3.75 pounds per month or just about that one pound or so per week so that's typical the the weight loss uh in these specific studies there was not a lot of diet and exercise added to this so I just want to state that of course you might be able to double your results if you added diet and exercise as well I will say that there was certainly a reduction in calories eaten though that is part of the I won't call it magic but part of the appeal of these specific drugs is it affects the brain it affects appetite suppression I think that actually affects probably the gut as well which is signaling to the brain too and and of course there is a play between leptin and ghrelin because if you're starting to balance blood sugar and you're starting to tap into body fat well that then tells your body oh okay we've got enough food let's use body fat as a fuel source so what I want to share with you is the the real research the unbiased research you'll probably lose somewhere around 0.75 to 1 pounds per week and that should last you about a year or so again you're going to lose more weight if you weigh a little bit more and you'll lose less weight if you weigh less so I told you I wanted to share this as well one more part to it is this is that they found during this study the specific step study as well that fried food fatty food and foods high in sugar cause nausea in a lot of people so they actually got sick to their stomach really interesting while this they're on some glutide based injectable so now all of a sudden people are saying well I can't eat my favorite fast foods fatty foods high sugar foods because it makes me nauseous well for those people they're going to lose even more weight right because those are the biggest culprits with weight gain in the first place oxidized excuse me oxidized fats and processed sugar for sure now um okay so let's take it and then I'm going to give you a quick recap because there is an important recap which which is an unfortunate part of this is that uh there are two different forms of the drug the lower dose was used is used for type 2 diabetes the higher dose is used for weight loss typically with people with a BMI above a 30. okay next was uh depending on your weight you'll lose somewhere let's just say between a half a pound and a pound per week that's pretty safe and it looks like up to 12 months to 16 months you can continue to lose the weight okay very interesting right there some of that weight though is muscle loss which means that you will have to eat less and less calories over time just to maintain the same weight or lose weight because you're literally wrecking your metabolism okay another part is that there are some potential side effects these side effects could be anything from thyroid cancer not good um to pancreatitis inflammation the pancreas kidney issues gallbladder issues and more so we can look at those and then there is something called The Rebound weight gain people who stopped using the drug started to gain the weight back after stopping the use of semiglutide now it's a little concerning because that means then you're going to be on this drug for the rest of your life I worry about that especially since we know some of these side effects if this was oh I'm going to use this for six months and kick start my uh pancreas and Metabolism all these things it doesn't seem to be the case it seems that you need to stay on this specific drug time will tell but uh what I wanted to do is share with you the unbiased look at this and understand that there are always risks to these things it does work have a pound to a pound a week is legitimate especially without really dieting exercise again you are going to limit your calories because there is an appetite suppressant part to it but it is working but again I don't want you to forget that there are always causes effects in the body and this can have some potential side effects let me know if you've tried it before leave it in the comments let me know what your results were if you're in the health industry if you have any of your clients or patients that are using it let us know what their results have been a course I I appreciate you tuning in the show if the show was helpful do feel free to share it with anyone you believe it could serve take care everybody I'll be back soon with many more updates in this particular industry thanks so much for tuning in to Today's Show before you go don't forget to hit that subscribe button I want to make sure that you're getting our daily content not missing out on anything functional medicine Wellness weight gain weight loss anti-aging living longer stronger and all of the most Cutting Edge research and if there's any topics you want to hear feel free to leave them in the comments below take care

- SHOCKING Weight Loss results: Tirzepatide (Mounjaro) vs. Semaglutide (Ozempic) - SURMOUNT-5 trial!: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Hi everyone and welcome back. If you are interested in the latest weight management, you're probably at the right page. You must have heard about some powerful new medications. So today we're diving into a brand new study which has directly compared two of the biggest name in the weight loss industry. Tepatite which you might know as Barjaro or Zupound and simolutide which you might know as ozumpic and vigi. This is quite a big deal. So let's break it down. This study called sermon 5 was published in the prestigious New England Journal of Medicine. That's like a super bow for medical research. And here's the cool part. The study specifically looks at adults struggling with obesity who did not have type 2 diabetes. So that's really a big deal focusing specifically on weight loss itself. They wanted to see head-to-head comparison between the two giant drugs which helped people lose more weight and improve their health over the last 72 weeks. That's almost a year and a half. So how did they do it? The researchers took 751 people and randomly assigned them to get either to zapatite which is mangjaro or simaglutide which was actually vigoi and participants got weekly injections and the dose was gradually increased to the maximum that they could comfortably tolerate. For tzepide it was either 10 migs or 15 migs whereas for simlletide it is 1.7 or 2.4 milligram dose. The main thing they measured was what percentage of body weight did the people lose from the start of the study to the week 72 which is the end of the study. For the main event weight reduction folks on tears appetite lost almost an average of 20.2% of their body weight. To put it in perspective, if someone started with 220 lbs or 100 kg weight, they lost around 44 lbs or about 20 kg. Actually, the average weight loss in kilogram was 22.8 kg, which is about 50 lbs at the end of the study, which was fantastic. Now, for simugide, people lost an average of 13.7% of their body weight. Using the same scale, if you are starting at 220 lbs or 100 kilograms to start with, the end result would be 30 lbs weight loss or 13.7 kg. And the actual weight loss was around 15 kg, which is about 33 lb, which isn't too bad. So, Tepatide gave 20.2% weight loss while simaglutide gave 13.7% weight loss at the end of the study. It means tears appetite which is Mangaro showed superiority and significant greater weight loss which is about 6.5% more points. That's a noticeable difference. But it's not just about the number on the scale, right? What about waist circumference which is the belly measurement that we do that also saw big changes. The zeppatite group lost an average of 18.4 cm of their waist. That's around 7 in of your waistline. While the simaglutide group lost around 13 cm, still great about 5 in of your waistline, but a clear win for tears appetite. More people hit big weight loss goals with tears appetite as we see. And get this, significant more people on tears appetite hit those major weight loss milestones like losing 10%, 15%, 20% or even 25% of their weight. In fact, nearly 20% of people on tears appetite, which is banjaro, lost around 30% or more of their weight. That's almost a third of their starting weight, which was lost by almost 1/5 of the people on the study. For simaglutide, about 7% people in the study hit that target of 30% mark. That's a huge difference. What about other health benefits? Good news is that here too both drugs helped improve things like blood pressure, blood sugar and even people without diabetes as we know they could have pre-diabetes or impaired glucose tolerance. Their overall metabolic health was improved including the cholesterol. As you might expect these improvements are generally bigger for those who lose more weight. So greater the weight loss with tieride translated into more pronounced improvement with these parameters too. But what about side effects? That's also important. Let's talk about the side effects because it's always important that the patients who are using the drug should be able to tolerate it. The most common ones as with both drugs are gastrointestinal side effects like nausea, vomiting, diarrhea and constipation. And that's pretty obvious because this group of medication does cause GI side effects. Interestingly, slightly more people on simulide which is oampici which was around 5.6% 6% had to stop the treatment due to these side effects as compared to tier zeppatite which is mangjaro only 2.7% patients discontinued which means the tolerance was better however tepatide or mangjaro group had more injection sight reactions like a bit of redness itchiness or discomfort where the shot was given about 8.6% 6% tier zepparide patients versus only 0.3% simaglotide patients had injection sight reaction. So a bit of trade-off here the key takeaway tier zepatite gave more weight loss more reduction in risk circumference but more injection site reaction. So what's the bottom line from surount 5 trial? Tepatite which is MARO was a superior drug compared to simaglletide which is either a zunpic or begoi when it comes to reducing the body weight and base circumference in people with obesity who don't have diabetes. Both drugs had acceptable safety profiles meaning they are generally well tolerated. But those common GI side effects are something we should mention. This is really exciting news and gives doctors and patients more information when considering the choice of therapies for obesity management. However, don't forget talking to your doctor. Now, of course, the video is forformational purposes. It's super important to discuss the individual health and treatment options with your own doctor. What do you think about these results? Let me know in the comments below. Don't forget to like this video and subscribe for more health news breakdowns. See you next time.

- India's Semaglutide Revolution: Weight Loss Drug Price Crashes 85% After Patent Expiry | Health News: Kind: captions Language: en India may have just changed the global weight loss game. Within hours of a key patent expiring on March 20th, at least nine copycat versions of the blockbuster drug semaglutide hit the Indian market, and dozens more are on the way. Semaglutide is the active ingredient behind some of the world's most talked about medicines like Ozempic, Wegovy, or Rybelsus. Now, drugs that lower blood sugar, crush appetite, increase insulin resistance, and make you feel full for longer, in turn, cutting down your weight as well. Over the past few years, now these medicines have transformed diabetes care and triggered a global weight loss revolution. And now, India is entering that revolution in a big way. Now, consider this. 10.1 crore Indians live with diabetes. 25.4 crore generalized obesity. 35.1 crore have abdominal obesity as well, all of which is very lethal, by the way. And there are hundreds of millions of people who could potentially benefit. And until now, the cost, that was the biggest barrier. Before patent expiry, the cheapest injection of semaglutide cost about 8,800 rupees per month. Now, that's the story here. The lowest price has crashed to about 1,290 rupees per month. That is a 85% reduction. 1,290 rupees per month. An oral version is reported to be priced even lower, as low as 900 rupees a month, potentially making India home to the cheapest semaglutide anywhere in the world. Multiple pharma giants have jumped in. Sun Pharma with the novel treat and Sema Trinity, Dr. Reddy's with Obeda, Zydus with Semaglin. Also, there is Glenmark with Glipeg, Natco with partners, Eris launching Semanat and Semaflow. Some of the 50 versions that are going to be expected very very soon in the market. Now, this could completely reshape India's entire obesity market, currently valued at about 3,000 to 3,500 crore rupees. Experts say this could grow eight times. Eight times by just 2030. And here is the distinction. Now, drugs like Your Peak and Mounjaro, which have dominated sales so far, they are also weight loss injections, remember, but they are a different ingredient. That's called tirzepatide. Tirzepatide is more potent. Some would even say superior for weight loss, as they have GLP-1 plus GIP, which leads to more rapid weight loss compared to semaglutide. But, having understood that, remember cheaper semaglutide could change the equation rapidly. Here, however, is the very, very critical warning. Just because these injections now cost less than a restaurant meal for you, a single meal, that does not mean they are for everyone. These are powerful prescription medicines, not cosmetic quick fixes. They can have side effects, require dose, you know, titration, and are not suitable for certain medical types and conditions completely. Only a qualified endocrinologist and internal medicine specialist should evaluate and prescribe, and also monitor these drugs with you. This is not, I repeat, this is not for self-medication, and the government is also now getting after it. The government of India today came out with an advisory saying that they will be carrying out checks on the ground, also ensuring that off-patent use is kept to a minimum. Now, in short, the drug once seen as elite, exclusive, and expensive, it's become mass market, and affordability must not be mistaken for safety. India has long been called the pharmacy of the world, and this moment actually confirms that. This is what we have been looking at all this while as well. These are This is good news only if it does not fall in the wrong hands.

- Is Ozempic an anti-aging medication? Wegovy, Semaglutide: Kind: captions Language: en Can Ozempic or Wegovy, the drug that&nbsp; helped Elon Musk drop a ton of weight&nbsp;&nbsp; help you live longer? I’ll explain how&nbsp; this injectable diabetes and weight loss&nbsp;&nbsp; medication works and if it’s something&nbsp; to consider in your longevity journey. Welcome to House of Longevity.&nbsp; Now, let’s get into it. You’ve probably heard the names Ozempic or&nbsp; Wegovy, or at least the jingle on TV commercials. Ozempic and Wegovy are actually two brand&nbsp; names of the same drug – semaglutide. Ozempic&nbsp;&nbsp; is marketed for diabetes treatment and Wegovy&nbsp; for weight loss. For the sake of simplicity,&nbsp;&nbsp; I’m going to refer to them both as&nbsp; semaglutide for the rest of this video. So, how does it work? Semaglutide is injected once a&nbsp; week into the stomach, thigh,&nbsp;&nbsp; or buttocks. It’s a GLP-1 receptor&nbsp; agonist which means it mimics GLP-1,&nbsp;&nbsp; a hormone in the body that signals the brain&nbsp; that we’re full and should stop eating. Semaglutide lowers fasting and post-prandial&nbsp; (after a meal) blood glucose by stimulating&nbsp;&nbsp; insulin secretion in a glucose-dependent&nbsp; manner. This means that insulin is being&nbsp;&nbsp; released the same way it is for someone who&nbsp; doesn’t have diabetes. It also slows the&nbsp;&nbsp; emptying of the stomach, so you stay fuller&nbsp; longer. This prevents blood sugar spikes. Among the side effects of semaglutide are&nbsp; gastro-intestinal problems, nausea, diarrhea,&nbsp;&nbsp; and… weight loss. Around 70-80 percent&nbsp; of people with diabetes are overweight&nbsp;&nbsp; or obese, so weight loss as a side effect&nbsp; is generally seen as a good thing. There’s&nbsp;&nbsp; also a black box warning on semaglutide&nbsp; for a risk of thyroid c-cell tumors. A study published in early 2021 in the&nbsp; New England Journal of Medicine showed&nbsp;&nbsp; an average weight loss of 14.9 percent of&nbsp; body weight from baseline to week 68 of&nbsp;&nbsp; the trial compared to a 2.9 percent&nbsp; weight loss for the placebo group. And once people learned about this,&nbsp; everyone who was anyone wanted semaglutide. In June 2021, it was approved for&nbsp; use as a chronic weight-loss drug,&nbsp;&nbsp; and in December 2022, it was&nbsp; approved for children ages 12&nbsp;&nbsp; and up who are in the 95th percentile&nbsp; in terms of BMI for their age and sex. It’s been talked about a lot on social media and&nbsp; many famous people have either taken it or are&nbsp;&nbsp; rumored to have taken it, like Oprah Winfrey,&nbsp; Kim and Khloe Kardashian, Post Malone, and Mindy Kaling, to name just a few.&nbsp; There’s been simultaneously wide approval for its&nbsp; use and backlash against those who have taken it.&nbsp;&nbsp; And even backlash from those who&nbsp; took it and it worked for them. So, what’s the problem? Before it was approved for&nbsp; use as a weight-loss drug,&nbsp;&nbsp; doctors were prescribing it off-label to&nbsp; their non-diabetic patients, but at such&nbsp;&nbsp; a level that some people who really needed it&nbsp; couldn’t get it for their diabetes treatment. All that aside, what happens to people&nbsp; who have reached their desired weight&nbsp;&nbsp; using the drug and stopped taking it? This&nbsp; study showed that an average of 2/3 of the&nbsp;&nbsp; weight lost was gained back within a year&nbsp; after they stopped taking it. It might be&nbsp;&nbsp; why it’s referred to as a chronic weight loss&nbsp; medication, meaning you need to keep taking it. There’s another side effect people are&nbsp; talking about known as “Ozempic face,”&nbsp;&nbsp; which is the loss of fat in the face, giving it&nbsp; a droopy or gaunt look. But is it a real thing? So, like he said, that’s a normal side effect&nbsp; of extreme or rapid weight loss for almost&nbsp;&nbsp; any reason. And for someone suffering from severe&nbsp; obesity, this may be the least of their concerns. Finally, can it help you live longer? The simple answer is yes, if you suffer from&nbsp; type-2 diabetes and/or are obese and have&nbsp;&nbsp; struggled for years to lose a substantial amount&nbsp; of weight, this can extend your life. Here’s why: Comparatively, this drug is a safe, non-invasive&nbsp; alternative to bariatric surgery – like a gastric&nbsp;&nbsp; bypass, sleeve gastrectomy, duodenal switch,&nbsp; and adjustable gastric banding. Those surgeries&nbsp;come with risks and require extreme lifestyle changes that most&nbsp; people can’t maintain, so they should only be&nbsp;&nbsp; a last resort. But the positive effects&nbsp; of weight loss shouldn’t be downplayed,&nbsp;&nbsp; since obesity is a major risk factor for&nbsp; cardiovascular disease, hypertension, diabetes,&nbsp;&nbsp; and stroke. If you reduce your chance of getting&nbsp; any of those conditions, you will live longer. Two studies showed that treatment with&nbsp; semaglutide in people with type-2 diabetes&nbsp;&nbsp; “demonstrated consistent reductions in major&nbsp; adverse cardiovascular events (MACE) compared&nbsp;&nbsp; with a placebo, regardless of baseline blood sugar&nbsp; or kidney function.” I’ll link the study below. But if you are overweight and struggle with&nbsp; bad habits like binge eating or eating when&nbsp;&nbsp; you’re bored or you’re on a see-food&nbsp; diet (you see food and you have to eat it),&nbsp;&nbsp; then semaglutide is not for you. Exercise&nbsp; and self-discipline are for you. Maybe&nbsp;&nbsp; a shock collar that a loved one can&nbsp; trigger when you try to buy junk food. All jokes aside, my conclusion is that semaglutide is a great,&nbsp; innovative drug for diabetes and weight loss, and&nbsp;&nbsp; by extension, longevity. But it’s definitely not&nbsp; for everyone. I’m not a doctor, so do your own further research and talk to&nbsp;a medical professional if you think you might be&nbsp;&nbsp; a good candidate for either Ozempic or Wegovy.&nbsp; I’ll leave a bunch of links in the description&nbsp;&nbsp; for the full videos from which I showed clips&nbsp; and from the studies and articles I quoted. Don’t forget to give this video a thumbs up and&nbsp; hit subscribe. Send me a Super Thanks if you’d&nbsp;&nbsp; like to support this channel further.&nbsp; Thanks for watching and see you soon.

- The End of Ozempic? Why March 20th Changes Everything.: Kind: captions Language: en Right now, a single engineered molecule is driving one of the largest financial booms in modern history. Companies like Novo Nordisk and Eli Relly have added hundreds of billions of dollars to their market caps. But the celebrity obsession and the relentless stream of before and after photos on social media hide a much harsher reality. Millions of type 2 diabetics who rely on this exact same medication to survive are finding their pharmacy shelves completely empty. The global supply chain physically collapsed under the weight of this drug. This happened because the science behind it is incredibly complex to manufacture. But that bottleneck has an expiration date. March 2026 is the month the entire system flips. A highstakes pharmaceutical crisis has collided with a biological breakthrough, straining the limits of global manufacturing and leaving the world's supply at zero. GLP1 stands for glucagon-l like peptide 1. It is a hormone your gut produces naturally every time you eat. Its primary job is to travel to your pancreas and trigger the release of insulin which brings your blood sugar down. This is why it was originally developed as a diabetes treatment. But it does something else on its way through your system. It slows down what doctors call gastric emptying. Food physically stays in your stomach longer, sending a signal to your body that you are full for hours after a small meal. Then comes the neurological effect. The hormone crosses the bloodb brain barrier and binds directly to the satiety center in your brain. It shuts off that constant nagging internal voice telling you to snack, a psychological effect many patients call food noise. This chart shows the half-life of GLP-1 in your body. Natural GLP-1 breaks down in minutes shown by this steep drop. Scientists at Novo Nordisk engineered a modified version called saglutide that survives for a full week represented by this flat sustained line. By keeping that fullness signal turned on permanently, clinical trials showed patients losing 15% to 22% of their total body weight. This success shifted the drug's role from a diabetes management tool to a widespread medical intervention for obesity. The science worked. The demand was nearly infinite. Yet in 2024 and 2025, pharmacy bins sat empty all over the world. The bottleneck lies in the manufacturing. These are not simple chemical pills that can be stamped out by the millions. They are biologics, complex molecules grown in living cells. Producing biologics requires highly specialized pristine environments to synthesize the liquid and equally complex manufacturing lines to assemble the intricate auto- injector pens used to deliver them. When the FDA officially approved these biologics for widespread obesity treatment, the physical limits of production were instantly overwhelmed. Factories could not build new sterile lines fast enough to meet the massive surge in prescriptions. The sheer biological sophistication that made the molecule effective is the same factor that prevented its global distribution. This scarcity created immediate ethical friction at the pharmacy counter. Diabetic patients fighting for a medicine they needed for baseline survival were suddenly competing with off label users seeking a cosmetic fix. With the official supply stuck at zero, a massive vacuum formed in the market. A parallel largely unregulated pharmaceutical gray market expanded overnight to fill it. Independent compoundingarmacies exploited legal loopholes, manufacturing and selling unverified bootleg versions of the semaglutide molecule directly to consumers. The engineered molecule was so deeply desired by the public that its scarcity forced an entire parallel economy into existence. But this supply chain crisis has a hard end date. On March 20th, 2026, the primary patent for semiglutide officially expires in several major international markets. This shifts the balance of power directly to India, the pharmacy of the world. Generic manufacturers like Zidus and Dr. Ready's have been preparing for a massive day one launch. To legally export generics, Indian manufacturers had to clear severe global regulatory hurdles, ensuring facilities strictly adhere to good manufacturing practice and CH guidelines. This chart shows the economic shift ahead. We are moving from a monopolized landscape where a monthly injection costs $1,000 to an open market where generic versions could cost less than $50. These generics will also bypass the auto injector bottleneck entirely. The market is preparing for the rise of oral GLP1s, replacing complex sterile needles with a daily pill. The 2026 patent expiration ends the era of exclusive manufacturing rights. By opening production to more facilities and dropping prices, this molecule moves from a luxury clinical tool to a standard global pharmaceutical. However, doctors are raising red flags about long-term use. Clinical data shows side effects like significant muscle wasting and the reality that once a patient stops taking the medication, the weight often returns. This raises a difficult question. How will our society function when physical willpower is replaced by a cheap, widely available injection? The supply crunch is finally easing as manufacturing expands and patient choices increase. I want to hear from you. Would you trust a generic version of Ompic if it cost 90% less than the name brand? Drop a comment below and subscribe for more deep dives into the intersection of pharma and tech. I'll see you in the next one.

- Is Berberine REALLY Natures Ozempic? (Weight Loss Drug Dupe TRUTH): Kind: captions Language: en can a 30 berberine supplement really replace ozempic it's time we look at what Nature's ozenthic can actually do [Music] hey everyone it's your girl Abby let's get into it because there is a lot here to unpack but a quick reminder to check out my description a huge thank you to fellow Rd and diabetes educator Aaron Davis for assisting me on this project if you are struggling with insulin resistance definitely reach out her contact is going to be below along with the link to my ltk page for my outfit of the day and my free Hunger crushing combo ebook Okay berberine berberine berberine I actually spent I think almost like two years taking berberine myself and I had none of the now desirable side effects just basically a lot of diarrhea but okay before we go too far I half session mud water so you need to be a hardcore Abby Stan to know that your girl loves her coffee the dilemma I face is that I also have insomnia so any heavy caffeine past noon and I'm kind of screwed I used to honestly be like yeah don't like matcha like so bitter so one note but when I tried mud Waters I was like yeah I mean this actually might be a nice midday ritual that I can actually enjoy it's like matcha and chai had a baby so there's a lot more complexity going on that I genuinely enjoy but if you haven't heard of it mud water is a coffee alternative with a fraction of the caffeine in coffee and because it contains adaptogenic mushrooms and in the case of matcha the amino acid l-theanine you get a slow energy release without the big crack I've talked a lot about the benefits of matcha on my channel and I've also discussed the evidence on adaptogenic mushrooms like lion's mane chaga reishi and cordyceps but in short research suggests that these functional mushrooms may have benefits for relaxation focus and immune support just to name a few this is one of the first mushroom-based products that I've tried that I actually think tastes really good because I've always really loved the spiciness of chai and it really does complement both the matcha and the cocoa Blends really well and also their plant-based coconut creamer totally takes it to the next level these are their low caffeine options but they also have completely caffeine free turmeric and rooibus for days that I just want the ritual of like a hot drink in the afternoon or evening without any kind of stimulation whatsoever so if you're trying to cut back on caffeine or you're looking for a relaxing low or no caffeine ritual in your day mud water is giving my followers 15 if you use my promo code Abby sharp or you can go to mudwater.com Abby sharp and you can find the direct link in my description below so there is so much talk right now on social media calling out berberine as some kind of Miracle ozempic dupe that costs about five percent of the price with far fewer side effects tall order right that's a pretty tall order so here the main use main use for glp-1 Agonist like ozempic and monjero are number one blood sugar management for insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes and number two weight loss so let's talk about berberine's role in blood sugar management so berberine works like a zenpic by naturally increasing the production and release of the intestinal hormone called glucagon like peptide one or glp-1 and what in glp1's major jobs is to promote insulin and suppress glucagon production which helps to stabilize blood sugars most of the data to date has shown berberine to be effective at helping to reduce blood glucose A1C plus blood lipids like triglycerides so this meta-analysis for example found that a dose of 0.5 to 1.5 grams a day for 12 weeks was comparable to that of traditional oral anti-diabetic drugs like metformin and when berberine and medications were combined the outcome was even more significant but how does the stock up to a powerful drug like ozampic well first of all we don't have any data directly comparing berberine to ozempic but based on the we do have so studies show that bourbon can reduce fasting glucose by 0.82 millimoles per liter and A1C by 0.63 for a zenpic plasma glucose declines by 2.15 millimoles and A1C by one percent and Metformin is around 3.1 millimoles per liter and A1C by 1.1 percent so it's a little over half as effective as ozempic for blood sugar management which is really nothing to snarl about I think this is quite significant for a natural health product but it's still not comparable if you're looking for ozempic-like results but next let's talk about berberine and weight loss so a lot of the studies on this to date are in vitro or in animals but there is some emerging human data to support its use so in addition to producing intestinal glp-1 vertebrate is thought to optimize the gut microbiome for carbohydrate metabolism and utilization while also inhibiting the enzyme that determines how much sugar your body absorbs the result is that that lose weight how much weight a Burberry and stuff supplementation participants lost about three percent of their body weight so for someone who weighs let's say 200 pounds that would be about a six pound weight loss over three months not bad but also that's about a half a pound a week so not necessarily groundbreaking either in contrast if we look at some alglutide products like ozempic most studies show about a 15 weight loss and when we're talking about its cousin munjaro that number jumps to up to 20 to 25 percent so this to me is like the epitome of comparing apples to oranges like one of these things is not like the other that said if you want to try it let's talk about how we take it so the typical clinical dosage for berberine for ozempic-like outcomes even though as we've established it's not exactly like a zenpic is around 1.5 to 2 grams per day ideally spread out in three to four daily doses a bit tedious yes but also not a big deal the problem is that because berberine is not regulated as a medication like ozampic it's regulated like a natural health product it's kind of a wild wild west and available formulas in terms of their bioavailability so what we know is that formulations that use a dispersion method called hcsd which combines berberine with sodium cap rate has been shown to help improve bioavailability and as always you're going to want to make sure that you're choosing a product that is third party tested to ensure safety and accuracy but let's assume that you're using a high quality supplement is berberine otherwise generally safe well when I first posted about berberine on Tick Tock I got a lot of comments from folks saying that they try berberine and they got violently ill and yeah that is a possibility with any supplement or medication it's not going to agree with everyone so while the safety profile of berberine is actually pretty good it's not without its side effects most notably things like diarrhea nausea vomiting cramps and bloating anecdotally I was on high-dose berberine to treat my sibo which I discussed in detail in my video right here and it definitely worked like my my sibo is completely clear now and then I then went down to a maintenance dose every day which I was on successfully with no issues for about six months until suddenly my body just said oh hell no Tim I but I had like a week of orange diarrhea because berberine is like vibrant orange and my team and I decided like yep time to DC that stat so yeah it's definitely not always tolerated well by everyone just like ozzepic actually I also have to say that it's really important that you speak to your doctor before just trying it out on a whim because you saw someone take it on Tick Tock because it can actually negatively interact with a bunch of different medications another concern that I see chatter online when it comes to berberine is that well it might help you lose weight it will be at the expense of losing metabolic muscle mass and while we definitely need a lot more research on this it does seem that this effect may be Administration method dependent so one study found that injecting berberine seemed to cause muscle atrophy we're taking it orally like most of us would do actually improved It ultimately there is still a lot that we need to learn about berberine but what we do know is that in the world of Natural Health Products it's pretty powerful stuff in addition to weight loss and blood sugar management here is a super quick and dirty highlight reel of some of its potential future uses number one cancer treatment so berberine's been shown to have anti-cancer or tumor suppressing potential in vitro and has been shown to help reduce the risk of colorectal cancer recurrence number two mood disorders early research suggests that berberine may have some potential for treating mood disorders like depression through multiple therapeutic actions three PCOS one review found of all PCOS treatments a combination of Metformin with berberine was most effective at reducing testosterone BMI and insulin resistance in folks with PCOS and another small study found that it improved ovulation and menstruation patterns for gut health so berberine improves the diversity of beneficial gut bacteria and has been shown to Be an Effective antibiotic alternative treatment for sibo which is what I used for and five heart health bird greens being shown to help reduce LDL cholesterol triglycerides and inflammatory markers so it may be a really good adjunct treatment for heart disease if you want me to go into more detail on some of its other benefits and uses let me know in the comments below but I hope that this was a helpful overview of the potential benefits of berberine and whether or not it will ever replace a powerful drug like ozampa again a big thank you to Aaron Davis for all of her expert support if you like this video be sure to give it a like subscribe to the channel and hit up my description box for my free Hunger crushing combo ebook and to check out what I'm wearing today and I'll see you next time on Abby's kitchen bye

- The Natural Way to Trigger GLP-1 (Like Ozempic): Kind: captions Language: en Top seven foods to burn fat like ompic. What if you could get ampic like fat loss without weekly injections without side effects or without spending thousands of dollars? Well, there are seven foods that trigger the exact same hormones as ompic GLP1 and PY naturally. That means no needles, no nausea, no muscle loss, just real food that tells your body to burn fat and stop craving junk. If you're tired of injections or you can't afford them, these foods might be your answer. Now, chances are that you're eating some of these foods right now, but you aren't eating them in the proper combinations and with the proper timing and so you're not getting the best fat burning impact. Now, I'm going to show you exactly how to incorporate these foods so you get the best metabolism and fat burning results. First, let's understand how Ozic works so you can see why these foods do the same thing. You see, oimpic mimics a hormone called GLP1, glucagon like peptide one, which slows gastric emptying. That means food stays in your stomach longer. It reduces appetite and cravings. It improves insulin sensitivity and signals fullness to your brain. Now, there is also an effect on PY or peptide Y, which is another satiety hormone that reduces hunger between meals and decreases overall calorie intake. Now, the problem with ompic is that it has weekly injections. You literally have to get injected every week. It costs $900 to $1,300 per month. And there are some significant side effects like nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, muscle loss. You can also develop ompic face where you lose facial volume. And 68% of users gain weight back after stopping getting the injections. And ultimately, it doesn't teach sustainable eating habits. But here's what most people don't know. You can trigger these exact same hormones naturally with food. Research shows that high protein meals dramatically increase both GLP-1 and PY. Now, a 2013 study published in obesity titled High Protein Intake stimulates postpranial or postmeal GLP-1 and PY release. The key findings were that a high protein breakfast increased PY levels significantly. GLP1 levels were highest after the high protein meal and they remained elevated for over four hours. PYY at 240 minutes was highest after protein verse fat or carbs. Meaning protein had the greatest effect on PY and it had a direct stimulation of the intereroendocrine cells that produce these hormones. Now let's talk about how GLP1 works. It's produced by the L cells in the distal small intestine and colon. It signals satiety to your brain. It slows gastric emptying. That means you feel full longer and it improves insulin sensitivity and reduces appetite and food seeking behavior. Now PY is also produced by these L cells and it reduces hunger between your meals. It decreases your appetite and it works synergistically with GLP1 to suppress ghrein, your hunger hormone that comes from your stomach. Now let me tell you about the protein fiber connection. This is really the key here. Protein triggers natural GLP1 and PY hormone release by directly stimulating the L cells and it's has a sustained elevation throughout digestion throughout the whole time you're digesting it. So it's sustained and it also works to stabilize your blood sugar levels. Now, fiber amplifies that effect by slowing nutrient absorption, feeding beneficial gut bacteria and producing shortchain fatty acids that have an anti-inflammatory effect on your body and also further stimulating those L cells. So, you get this appetite suppressing benefit. Now, let's get to the seven foods that do this better than anything else. Food number one is grass-fed red meat. Now, why does that work? Because high quality protein triggers GLP1 and PY and grass-fed red meat contains the complete amino acid sequence and it's rich in conjugate linoleic acid or CLA which is amazing for fat metabolism and it provides KB vitamins for energy as well as things like carnitine and carnosine which protect muscle tissue and the carnitine helps shuttle fatty acids into the mitochondria where they can be used to produce energy. So, it helps turn on fat burning. Now, how do you use grass-fed red meat? Well, I recommend four to six ounces or more in each meal. That means roughly 30 to 40 grams of protein. There's roughly about seven grams of protein per ounce of grass-fed red meat. So, four to six ounces will give you about 30 to 40 grams of protein. You want to choose grass-fed red meat ideally for higher omega-3s, more conjugated linoic acid, more carnitine, more carnosine. My favorite sources are grass-fed beef, bison, and lamb. Now, how do you prepare it? I like grilled, slowcooked, or pan seared. You want to avoid charring. When you char it or blacken it, it creates these carcinogens, these heteroscyclic amines that are actually damaging to the body. So, you want to avoid that. And you want to pair it with fiberrich antioxidant phytonutrient-rich vegetables. And that's going to be a great combination. Now, food number two is going to be pasture-raised eggs. They're a complete protein source. They have all nine essential amino acids. They contain choline for fat metabolism. They also provide sustained satiety. If you ever eat, you know, several eggs, you're going to notice that you're just not hungry for many hours later, right? It's going to provide that good satiety and trigger both GLP1 and PY release. Now, how to use it? You want to get at least two to three or more eggs per meal. Pasture-raised eggs are the best because they have three times more omega-3s and conjugate linoleic acid, which again is great for fat metabolism. The yolk contains most of the nutrients. So, I don't recommend egg whites. I recommend getting the yolk. You don't want to skip that. Now, best preparation. You want to scramble, poach, or soft boil it where the yolk is still runny. See, yolk is loaded with fat soluble nutrients like vitamin A, vitamin D. It's got phosphodetyl serarion which is great for your brain in there. Lots of powerful nutrients. When you soft boil it, or if you cook it sunny side up where the yolk is still runny, you preserve most of those nutrients. Now, when you're cooking it, always cook with healthy fats, things like butter, ghee, or coconut oil. Now, food number three is wild caught salmon. That is really high quality protein. There's 20 or more grams per serving. The omega-3 fatty acids reduce inflammation. It supports leptin sensitivity, which is an anti-hunger hormone released by your fat cells. And it triggers sustained GLP-1 release. How do you use it? So, four to six ounces per serving. There's roughly about eight grams of protein per ounce of wild caught salmon. You always want to make sure you're getting about 30 to 40 or more grams of protein in each meal. So, that will provide it. And you want to do that two to three times per week, ideally. Wild caught salmon is going to be superior to farm rays because it has more asanthin, more omega-3s. So, asanthin is the powerful antioxidant that's in salmon that allows salmon to swim upstream and literally jump like 10 feet out of the water. It's absolutely amazing. Asanthin is so good for your mitochondria, protecting your mitochondria, your skin, turning on fat burning, and protecting your overall muscle tissue and allowing you to be at your best. So, I always recommend getting wild caught salmon. Now, best preparation, you want to get it baked, grilled, or pan seared, but you want to be careful not to overcook it. When you overcook it, you destroy the omega-3s. You also destroy the asisanthin, so you don't get quite as much benefit from the wild caught salmon if you overcook it. Now, you also want to pair this with leafy greens or antioxidant-rich colorful vegetables. Now food number four is extra virgin olive oil. This is a phytonutrient antioxidant cocktail. It contains oleic acid that triggers satiety. It activates PP or gamma which is a fat burning pathway in your body. And extravirgin olive oil is high in polyphenols that reduce inflammation. In fact, they actually call one of those polyphenols alocanthol nature's ibuprofen because it's so powerful at bringing down inflammation and it slows gastric emptying naturally. Now, how do you use it? I recommend taking one to two tablespoons per meal. I recommend using it raw. Now, you can cook at very, very low heat, but you're going to actually damage those polyphenols. So, it's better to use it as like a salad dressing, to put it on vegetables, or put it on meat. And always choose high quality, cold pressed, fresh pressed extravirgin olive oil. The best ways to consume it are going to be to drizzle it on salads like I talked about. Put it on finished like after you've cooked the vegetables, you put it as a kind of a finishing dressing over those vegetables. You can mix it in there. You can also put it on meat as well. Or you can just take one tablespoon before meals, which will increase satiety so you don't overeat in that meal. Now, food number five is avocados. They are really high in fiber, 13 grams per avocado. They contain oleic acid, again, a really good healthy monounsaturated fat that stimulates satiety so you don't overeat. And they provide potassium and magnesium to balance electrolytes. And they slow carbohydrate absorption. How do you use avocados? I recommend having one half to one whole avocado per day. Combine it with protein. You already have fat in there and you already have fiber. So, you want to make sure you're combining avocado with good protein. You can throw it in like a protein shake. You can have it with eggs or meat for breakfast. It's going to help trigger sustained fullness. You can also put it in salads. A lot of people like to add it to salads. You can also make a guacamole that you can consume with meat or vegetables. Always make sure you're combining avocado with good quality protein. Now, food number six is apple cider vinegar. Apple cider vinegar is rich in acetic acid which improves insulin sensitivity and slows gastric emptying. It also reduces blood sugar spikes after meals and enhances satiety signals. Now, how do you use it? I recommend one to two tablespoons before meals. Now, you always want to make sure that you're diluting it in water. You never want to drink this straight. It will burn your esophagus. So, one to two tablespoons and roughly four to eight ounces of water is key. You want to get apple cider vinegar that contains the mother, right? Raw apple cider vinegar with the mother. That's actually the beneficial bacteria that are fermenting it. That's always what you want to do. Now, again, best protocol basically one tablespoon in 4 to eight ounces of water. Take that 10 to 15 minutes before meals. That's going to support digestion and fat burning and it's going to reduce postmeal blood sugar by up to 20% and provide a natural sense of satiety so you just don't overeat. Now food number seven is bitter herbs. We always say bitter is good for your liver and bitter herbs things like arugula, parsley, cilantro, they stimulate digestive bitter receptors and trigger GLP1 release through different pathway. They support liver detoxification and enhance fat digestion. Now, my favorite bitter herbs are going to be things like arugula, which is really high in nitrates, that support nitric oxide production, and low in oxalates. Oxalates are a plant defense compound that some people have problems with, and it can increase inflammation in their system. Arugula is lower in oxalates than things like spinach. Okay? Okay. And so I always recommend switching from spinach to arugula ideally, especially if it's something you're consuming on a regular basis. Tastes similar, but it has less oxalates, still high in nitrates, supports nitric oxide production for great circulation. I also recommend ginger, which is really anti-inflammatory and improves digestion. I love parsley, which is a diuretic, rich in vitamins. I love artichokes, which have something called sinurin, which stimulates bile and aids fat digestion. Dandelion greens are great. They're great for liver support and they're a digestive bitter. Endive is great. It's a bitter fiber which is low calorie. So, how do we use these? Well, I recommend adding arugula as kind of like the base for your salad and that's a great way to consume arugula. You can also do fresh ginger in tea or over salads or in cooking. And you can use parsley as a garnish or in your smoothies. I also will take parsley and mince it up and add it to like scrambled eggs, right? or meat dishes and things like that. Steamed artichokes are also great as side dishes and you can mix bitter greens into your meals. Now, there's one more fat burning food that supercharges everything else. It's called MCT oil. And we find MCTs or mediumchain triglycerides naturally in coconut oil, coconut milk, yogurt, and butter. But it's best to get a concentrated form of MCT oil. Ideally, a C8 only MCT oil, which is going to be most effective for fat burning. Now, these medium-chain triglycerides metabolize differently than most fats. They go straight to the liver where they're converted to ketones. They provide quick energy without an insulin spike. They increase thermogenesis or calorie burning. And they enhance satiety hormones. Now, how do you use it? I recommend doing one to two tablespoons of MCT oil per day. Or you can do two to three tablespoons of coconut oil. You just add this easy to meals and you start small to avoid digestive upset. In fact, I recommend starting with maybe a half a teaspoon just to make sure you don't end up with loose stools, right? Make sure you're tolerating it well and then gradually bump up your consumption, taking like one tablespoon, for example, per meal, and that will naturally provide satiety, increase the ketones in your blood, and that will help your brain. It'll help reduce inflammation in your body and help stop cravings and hunger and overeating. Now, best ways to consume, I recommend adding it in your morning coffee. You can add it to smoothies. You can use coconut oil for cooking. And you can also add it in salad dressings or on top of meat. Now, here's the secret that makes these foods work even better. It's the order you eat them that matters. You see, you might be eating these foods, but in the wrong order. Here's the strategy. Eat protein and fiber first. When you do that, that triggers GLP1 and PY immediately. It slows the absorption of sugars. It prevents blood sugar spikes and maximizes satiety signals before you overeat. So how do you implement this? Well, every meal, this is how you structure it. You start with protein, maybe eggs, meat, fish. Then you add in fiber richch vegetables, and this is the order that you're consuming the food. You also have healthy fats, avocados, olive oil, which typically you're going to have with your vegetables, with your meat. And then you eat your carbs last, if at all. maybe a sweet potato or sourdough bread or whatever your carbs are, fruit, you're consuming that at the end of the meal. So, here's an example. Breakfast, two to three eggs, you got your protein, sauteed spinach or arugula like I was talking about. So, you have fiber and you have bitter herbs, one half avocado, that's healthy fat plus more fiber. And then on the side, and this is optional, you can have berries or fruit. Maybe you have an apple, maybe you have oranges, whatever it is, whatever type of carbs you want, you have that at the end, almost like a dessert right at the end. Now, here's an example for lunch or dinner. Four to six ounces of grass-fed beef or wild caught salmon. So, that's your protein. Then you have your large salad with bitter greens. That's your fiber. And then you have an olive oil dressing, which is healthy fat. And then the optional carbs are going to be a serving of sweet potato if you want carbs. Right? So now you've got a nutrient-dense carb in sweet potato, but you're having it at the end of the meal, which is going to slow down the glycemic impact, the amount of insulin that your body produces, and the overall sense of cravings. You're going to be more satiated. So you're going to be less likely to overeat as opposed to if you ate the carbs in the beginning of the meal. So here is your premeal protocol. 10 to 15 minutes before eating, you have one tablespoon of apple cider vinegar in water. That activates your digestive system. that primes your GLP-1 response. It reduces your post-meal blood sugar spike. And when you eat these foods in this order, here's what happens. Week one, you have less cravings between meals, less hunger overall, and fewer blood sugar crashes, and just more stable energy and mental clarity. Weeks two to four, you're going to have a noticeable reduction in your appetite. Your clothes are going to fit looser. You're going to have 5 to 10 pounds weight loss in this period of time, depending on your starting point. if you needed to lose that weight and you're going to have improved digestion, better energy after your meals. Months two to three, you might notice a 10 to 20 or more pound weight loss. Right now, I see this happen with people. They'll lose 10 to 20 pounds after roughly about three months because of eating these foods in the right order, but they're going to notice that their muscle is preserved. So they're going to lose body fat but maintain their muscle unlike what happens with ompic where most people are losing muscle tissue. You're also going to notice in that month to two to three, you just have sustained energy all day and you have a change relationship with food. You're no longer having constant hunger and cravings. So here's the difference from Ozmpic. The Ompic approach requires continued injections. It's expensive, $900 to $1,300 a month. And there are many common side effects like nausea, acid reflux. A lot of people lose muscle and then once you stop ompic, oftentimes you're going to regain that weight. Whereas with the natural approach, there are no side effects. You maintain your muscle mass. You have sustained long-term energy and it's sustainable. It's a sustainable approach because ultimately it teaches healthy eating habits. It costs a fraction of what ompic costs and there are no injections. I mean, let me give you a simple framework to build every single meal. And this is really simple. Okay, here's the formula. Your base number one, high quality protein. Choose one. You could have grass-fed beef, bison, lamb, pasture-raised eggs, wild caught salmon, or some other fish. You could have organic chicken or turkey. Then you add bitter herbs and fiber richch vegetables. You could choose two or three. Let's say arugula, kale, broccoli, Brussels sprouts, cauliflower, artichokes, asparagus, mixed bitter greens. Choose the ones that you want. And then you dress your meal. You have healthy fats, things like extravirgin olive oil, avocado or avocado oil, MCT oil or coconut oil, grass-fed butter or ghee. Pick your fats that you want to use. And then you enhance it with apple cider vinegar. You take one tablespoon in water before your meal or you use it in a salad dressing with something like high polyphenol, extra virgin olive oil, maybe some salt and some herbs. And then optional, this is optional, you can have low sugar carbs, maybe sweet potato, fruit, quinoa, wild rice or sourdough bread. You have that at the end of the meal. So here's a sample day of eating. You have your breakfast. It's three scrambled eggs cooked in butter. You have sauteed arugula. You have half an avocado. 1 tspoon of apple cider vinegar and water 15 minutes before the meal. Simple, easy. You might have a handful of berries at the end of the meal if you want optional carbs. For lunch, you're going to have a 6 grass-fed burger patty with a large salad, maybe arugula, mixed greens, cucumbers, tomatoes in there. You're going to have olive oil and apple cider vinegar dressing. And then optional if you want added carbs would be like a small sweet potato or maybe some fruit again. And then for dinner, you're going to have six ounces of wild caught salmon. You're going to have roasted Brussels sprouts with ghee. You're going to have a side salad with articho carts and an olive oilbased dressing. There you go. You got healthy fats. You got protein. You have your fiber. And then if you want maybe an optional piece of carbs, have some fruit or have a sweet potato or something along those lines. Okay. Snack if you need it. I really don't recommend snacking, but you can have something like a handful of macadamia nuts. You could have something like a meat stick, right? Or something along those lines. And some people will just put in MCT oil or coconut oil in herbal tea or in coffee. Now, let's answer your most frequently asked questions. Here are the questions I get. How long before I see results? Well, your appetite changes within two to five days. So, right away, you're going to notice big changes within the first week. The weight loss is going to be that's going to start really between week one and week two and then you're going to have noticeable fat loss between weeks three and four and then a significant transformation between two and three months like I talked about earlier. Now the key is consistency matters more than perfection. You don't have to be perfect with this. You just have to be consistently giving your best right every single day with this meal timing approach and eating these high protein high healthy fiber foods. Now, question number two. Can I eat these foods if I'm vegetarian or vegan? Well, some vegetarians will eat eggs and fish, right? And so, if that's the case, stick with eggs and fish. If you're a vegan, then plant proteins, you've got to stick with those. Lentils, beans, tempeh, organic tofu, you got to combine those with fiber richch vegetables. You may need higher quantities of fiber richch vegetables for the same GLP1 effect. And I always recommend considering like a good plant-based protein powder if you are a vegan. It is harder to do this as a vegan. Okay, but if you're doing protein powders and you're really focusing on getting enough protein, then you can do it and be successful. Now, do I need to count calories? That's a common question people ask me. Well, there's no calorie counting needed. I don't recommend it. You see, GLP1 and PY naturally regulate appetite. They're going to keep you from consuming too many calories. The key is to focus on food quality and the eating order. Eat until you're satisfied, not stuffed. your body will naturally eat less. That's the great thing about this. Now, the next question is, what about carbs? Can I ever eat them? Yeah, absolutely. I already talked about that. But timing and type matter. Eat carbs last after protein and fiber. I eat carbs on a regular basis. I really enjoy fruit. I consume sweet potatoes a few times a week, but I always make sure I'm eating my protein and my fiber first. So, what are some good carbs? Well, I recommend sweet potatoes. They're good. berries, fruit, wild rice, quinoa are okay. Sourdough bread. If you're able to tolerate those, you can do those. Now, what you want to avoid are going to be things like white bread, right? Or even whole grain bread. The only type of bread I recommend would be sourdough, fermented bread that has postbiotic compounds and is lower glycemic in general. I recommend avoiding pasta, white rice, sugar, and keep your portions small. Okay, maybe a half a cup or less. Question number five, how does this compare to GLP-1 drugs like Ozic or WGOI? Well, there's zero costs. It's just food. There's no injections or side effects. It maintains your muscle mass. Whereas with those medications, you're actually losing muscle mass. It's also sustainable forever and it teaches you healthy habits. I really think it's a lot better. You see, GL GLP1 drugs, they cost like $1,000 a month. There's weekly injections. I don't like getting injected. I don't know about you, but I would want I would not want to get weekly injections. And there are some dangerous side effects. Nausea, muscle loss. 68% of users regain weight after they stop getting the injections. And it doesn't fix your underlying habits that led to you gaining unnatural fat. You see, both OAMPic and my approach here trigger the same hormones, but the natural approach just uses food. Now, question number six. Can I combine these foods with intermittent fasting? Yes, absolutely. That's a powerful combination. It's what I really recommend. You see, when you add in fasting plus these high protein, healthy fiber foods, it extends GLP1 and PY elevation, enhances insulin sensitivity even more, and it accelerates fat loss. And you can break your fast with protein and fiber in the optimal ratio. So, I recommend a 16 to 8 or 186 fasting window. The first meal is going to be protein and fiber plus a healthy fat. You want to follow that eating order strategy and then add apple cider vinegar before your first meal. Now, you don't need ompic to trigger fat burning hormones. Your body naturally produces GLP1 and PY naturally when you eat the right foods in the right order. So, what are those foods? Grass-fed red meat, pasture-raised eggs, wild caught salmon, extra virgin olive oil, avocados, apple cider vinegar, and then bitter herbs. Things like arugula, ginger, parsley, and artichokes. And then your bonus is MCT oil or coconut oil. The strategy, remember, eat protein and fiber first. Add in healthy fats. Have the carbs last. And they're optional. You don't have to have carbs, but if you enjoy them, have them after the protein, fiber, and healthy fats. And have apple cider vinegar before meals. Just one tablespoon and roughly four to eight ounces of water will do the trick. What are the results? natural appetite suppression, sustained fat loss, no side effects, sustainable for life, costs a fraction of what Ozmpic costs. So, just start with adding just two to three of these foods to your meals this week. Notice how your hunger changes, then add more. Your body knows how to burn fat. You just have to give it the right signals through food. You can do this, and I'll be right here for you. Please share this video with somebody that you know and that you care about, and we'll see you in a future video training. Be blessed.

- What Ozempic Is Secretly Doing To Your Gut Bacteria (38 dDifferent Studies): Kind: captions Language: en Right now, tens of millions of people are taking Ozmpic, WGOI or Monjaro. And almost every single one of them is focused on the same thing, the number on the scale going down. But while that number is dropping, something else is happening inside their bodies that almost nobody is talking about. Their gut bacteria, the trillions of microorganisms that regulate their immune system, their mood, their inflammation levels, and even how well the drug itself keeps working are being fundamentally restructured. A major systematic review published just this year analyzed 38 separate studies on exactly this question. And what the researchers found is more complicated than anyone expected. Some of it is genuinely good news, but some of it is a warning because if you're on one of these drugs and eating the wrong way, you may be silently dismantling the very biological system that makes the medication work long term. This is what GLP1 drugs are really doing to your gut. Before we go any further, this is not medical advice. If you're currently on any medication or thinking about starting one, please talk to your doctor before making any changes. What I want to do here is translate the research into plain language. The kind of information that rarely makes it into a 10-minute GP appointment. The study underpinning this video is a peer-reviewed systematic review published in a leading nutrition journal in April 2026. It synthesized findings from 38 studies examining how GLP-1 receptor agonists, the drug class that includes semiglutide and tzepide, interact with and reshape the gut microbiome. What it found challenges the way most people think about these medications because GLP-1 drugs don't just tell your brain you're full. They reach all the way down into your intestine and start rearranging the ecosystem that lives there. Let's make sure we're on the same page about what the gut microbiome actually is because it's far more than a wellness buzzword. Your gut contains roughly 38 trillion microorganisms, bacteria, fungi, archa. This ecosystem functions like a secondary organ. It produces vitamins, regulates your immune system, communicates directly with your brain through the vagus nerve, and determines how much energy your body extracts from the food you eat. When this ecosystem is diverse and balanced, it is actively working in your favor. When it becomes disrupted, when species are lost and diversity collapses, it is one of the most consistent markers in modern medicine for poor long-term metabolic health. Scientists increasingly talk about microbial diversity, the way cardiologists talk about blood pressure. It's a number that tells you something important about your future, not just your present. So, when a drug as powerful as saglutide reaches into that ecosystem and starts making structural changes, the question can't just be how much weight comes off. The question has to be what kind of microbiome are you left with once it does? Here is where the genuinely encouraging news begins. Across almost every GLP-1 drug examined in the review, laglutide, semiglutide, dulaglutide, researchers found one consistent pattern. A specific species of gut bacteria was significantly and reliably increasing. It is called acromancium mucinophila. Acrimania lives in the mucous layer that lines the inside of your intestine. Its primary function is to reinforce that lining to maintain the integrity of the barrier between your gut contents and your bloodstream. And this matters enormously. When that barrier is compromised, a state researchers call intestinal permeability. Bacterial toxins known as lipopolysaccharides can seep into the bloodstream. Once circulating, the immune system treats them as a threat and mounts a response. The result is lowgrade chronic systemic inflammation. That kind of inflammation is closely associated with insulin resistance, persistent fatigue, cognitive fog, and the type of metabolic stagnation that makes weight loss feel impossible regardless of what you eat. So, the finding that GLP-1 drugs are consistently raising acromancia levels is meaningful. It suggests these medications may be doing something beyond appetite suppression. They may be actively supporting part of the gut architecture that underlies metabolic health in the first place. But here's where it gets significantly more complicated. The same systematic review that identified those acromansia increases also flagged something that every person on a GLP-1 drug should understand. In studies focused on semaglutide specifically the active compound in both ompic and wiggoi researchers observed a notable reduction in overall microbial diversity. Yes, acrimansia goes up but a broader range of other bacterial species go down. And in the gut diversity is not just a nice feature. It is the foundation of resilience. A microbiome with hundreds of thriving and distinct species can absorb dietary changes, fight off opportunistic bacteria and maintain metabolic stability. A microbiome with collapsing diversity even if it has acromansia doing solid work becomes fragile. It loses its redundancy and critically it loses the range of species responsible for producing short- chain fatty acids. The compounds that feed your gut lining regulate inflammation and send sati signals to your brain. When diversity drops, those signals weaken. And the mechanism behind that diversity loss comes down almost entirely to what the person on the medication is eating. What the research actually shows is that the drug and the diet are inseparable. One without the other creates a lopsided microbiome capable of one thing fragile against everything else. One of the things GLP-1 drugs do very effectively is suppress appetite. People on semiglutide often describe simply forgetting to eat or feeling full after just a few bites. And on the surface, this sounds ideal. Fewer calories consumed, weight loss follows. But here's where the problem quietly develops. When people on these medications do eat, when they finally feel hungry enough to put something in their body, they tend to reach for the path of least resistance. soft, processed, easy to eat foods, white bread, crackers, ready meals, refined carbohydrates that go down without triggering the nausea that higher doses of these drugs can cause. Researchers now have a name for this pattern, the beige diet. And from a microbiome standpoint, it is deeply problematic. The beneficial bacteria that maintain your gut's diversity, species like bifidobacterium, foliacterium prownits, and rose buria, they do not feed on your food directly. They feed on the fermentable fiber that your food leaves behind in the colon. No fiber, no fuel. When those populations decline through lack of substrate, you lose the bacteria that produce butyrate, the primary energy source for the cells that line your large intestine. Butyrate production drops, the gut wall weakens, and the barrier work that acrimansia is doing gets undermined from the inside. The very protection the drug was helping build quietly starts to erode. And researchers point to this exact pattern. high acromansia, low overall diversity, poor diet quality. As one of the leading explanations for why a significant number of people regain weight rapidly after stopping GLP-1 therapy, the drug goes, "The microbiome isn't resilient enough to hold the metabolic gains. The weight comes back." Stay with me because this next part is where it becomes genuinely actionable. Based on what the research shows, there are three practical strategies that matter most for anyone on a GLP-1 medication who wants to protect their gut health alongside their weight loss. The first is gradual fiber titration. And the word gradual is doing a lot of work there because if you're on a GLP-1 drug and you suddenly increase your fiber intake significantly, you will likely feel terrible. These medications already slow down digestion considerably. Adding a large fiber load on top of a sluggish gut causes the kind of bloating and discomfort that many people mistake for a side effect of the medication itself. The researchbacked approach is to increase fiber slowly, roughly 3 to 5 grams per week, working toward a daily target of 25 to 35 gram. Focus particularly on soluble fibers. Oats, beans, lentils, chia seeds. These ferment gently and are far easier to tolerate than rougher insoluble fibers when your gut is already working at a slower pace. And stay hydrated. Fiber absorbs water and GLP-1 users frequently have blunted thirst signals, which means dehydration can compound the constipation problem significantly if you're not consciously keeping fluids up. The second is targeted probiotic support. This is not about grabbing a generic multistrain supplement from a supermarket shelf. The research points to specific studied strains for the specific problems that GLP-1 users most commonly face. For slowed transit and constipation among the most common complaints, a strain called bifidobacterium lactis hn019 has clinical evidence for measurably reducing whole gut transit time. For bloating specifically, bifidobacterium lactis bio7 has been studied and shown meaningful reductions in that pressure-like sensation in clinical trials. For bowel unpredictability, the pattern where things swing between too slow and too fast, sacroyces bulardi is a well-documented yeast-based probiotic that consistently appears in the research on gut stabilization during periods of microbiome disruption. These are the strains that appear most reliably in the evidence for GLP-1 adjacent gut symptoms and they are worth discussing with your doctor or pharmacist. The third is deliberate protein prioritization. One of the most under reportported consequences of GLP-1 therapy is lean muscle loss. When total food intake drops dramatically and the body is shedding weight quickly, research indicates that a significant portion of that weight can come from muscle rather than fat alone. This matters because less muscle means a lower resting metabolic rate, which means maintaining weight without the drug becomes significantly harder over time. Researchers recommend aiming for approximately 1.2 to 2 g of protein per kilogram of body weight spread across several small meals rather than one or two large ones. From a microbiome perspective, the key is pairing that protein with diverse plant foods. The goal is the combination adequate protein, diverse plant fiber, steady hydration. That is the nutritional environment in which a resilient microbiome can hold together through the metabolic changes these drugs create. The bottom line is this. GLP-1 medications are genuinely powerful and the occur findings give real reason for optimism about what they may be doing well beyond the scale. But these drugs are reshaping your gut microbiome in ways that the weight loss conversation almost never mentions. Whether that reshaping leaves you more metabolically resilient long term or quietly sets you up for rebound comes down largely to what you're feeding your gut bacteria while the medication is doing its work. The gut does not ask for much. Diversity, fiber, consistency. Give it those things and it becomes one of the most powerful allies your long-term health has. If this kind of research is useful to you, subscribe. We cover exactly this depth every week. And coming up next, the specific foods that research now links to amensia growth.

- The Ozempic Olympics: Hollywood is Ruining Our Health: Kind: captions Language: en You may have heard about this thing called Ozempic. Influencers and celebrities been taking Ozempic. People hate on it because they want to do it. People who should be taking them aren't taking them. Everyone's like a smaller portion... Like shut the [ __ ] up. People who shouldn't be taking them are. You're on Ozempic. They do have side effects. I think that they've gotten over hyped, medicines have side effects. She doin’ Ozempic, tryna be different, tryna be a newer woman. And the people who hate it on it the most, the people who are secretly doing it or pissed off that they can't afford it. If you have money, you can get your hands on Ozempic. Are you worried that because this has gotten so trendy- Excuse me, sorry. Do you need some water? ... you won't be able to treat the people who truly need it? No, I need some Ozempic. I was thinking maybe we could talk about that. Hi, I'm D'Angelo and at this point introducing myself would be like introducing the air. We already know I'm all over the place, but I still give you life. Anyway, I'm glad you're here because today we have ourselves a moral dilemma. Rich people have finally figured out how to purchase being skinny. Yes, it's every bit as dystopian as it sounds, and no, it's kind of not great for anybody. Ozempic is a weight loss medication and to call it popular at this point would be the understatement of the century. The only thing more prevalent than the Ozempic prescriptions at this point is the number of people who seem to have strong opinions about the drugs and everybody who's using As you can tell from the intro, there's a whole lot of discourse about who should be using this medication, and if you ask 10 different people, you're probably going to get 10 different answers. But one thing is clear. There are a lot of people who should not be using Ozempic and many of them seem to be hanging out in Hollywood, California. It's gotten to the point where even other celebrities and the companies selling these drugs have called out certain people for using them earlier this month. Some people have been using medicine never meant for them. But with Oprah releasing a viral TV special just a couple of weeks ago where she defends her Ozempic usage, the discourse has only intensified and at this point it's boiling over. So, what's really going on here? Well, it turns out the answer is a little bit of everything, I guess. So, I figured we could do a deep dive into how Ozempic is being used by celebrities, how that affects the way everyone else uses it, and what this says about some pretty deep-rooted societal issues like fat phobia, classism, and unattainable body standards all of which probably explain why people get so touchy about this. I've got a ton of pop culture examples, opinions from experts, and even just my own personal experience as somebody who used to be overweight. So, as you can see, we have a lot to get into. So first, let's take a quick look at today's sponsor. Today's video is sponsored by Grammarly. Some people seem to think YouTube is easy or something. Like I just wake up every day and I'm naturally funny, well researched, and attractive without even trying. And you know what? Those people are right. But sometimes the research takes a bit of writing and that's why I use Grammarly, the AI writing partner that helps you write better, faster. With a ton of features just a click away I find it super helpful. Grammarly helps you ideate so you can quickly get past the idea stage by kicking things off with some AI assistance. Grammarly helps you reply by summarizing incoming emails and helping you draft your responses. The less time it takes to clear out your inbox, the better. Grammarly helps you revise. No more guessing when it comes to tone and clarity. Now, you can easily make sure your work is compelling and easy to understand. Grammarly doesn't allow third parties to use your writing for AI training so you're completely in control of your privacy. To explore all the ways that Grammarly can help you improve your writing from start to finish, you can download Grammarly for free today at grammarly.com/wallace02. Again, you can try all these great features for free. That's grammarly.com/wallace02. Now, let's get into the video. You know what? I'm about to say it. The F word. Sorry YouTube. The word fat is not a slur. It's a neutral descriptor that should imply nothing about a person's attractiveness or character, but unfortunately, we live in a society. We could talk until the cows come home about what fat should or should not mean, but it doesn't change the fact that the word still does get weaponized constantly, especially by people who are thinner. So personally, I will not be using that word to describe anyone, not because it's a bad word, but just it causes different feelings and different people based on their experience with it. But let's make one thing clear. If I'm talking about myself, I used to be fat. I have experience with obesity, major weight loss, and existing in a bigger body. Nowadays, it's a thin body, and while I may have changed outwardly, it's important for you to know that deep down my ego is just as big as it's ever been. If anything, it might be even worse now because it's concentrated. But anyway, when I talk about weight loss, obesity, and bigger people in this video, I don't see any of this as being other. As far as I'm concerned, we're all in this together. So, in part one, I want to look at what Ozempic is and how it took both Hollywood and the internet by storm. At this point, this isn't my first weird internet trend rodeo, but of all the weird things I've seen go viral, literal medication is definitely a first. So, what is it about Ozempic specifically that's causing all this obsession? Well, as it turns out, there's a lot of reasons and it goes a lot deeper than just being the latest celebrity fixation. Have you noticed that recently a lot of people in Hollywood have gotten skinnier, seemingly out of nowhere? You might not have even noticed this trend because at first the cases seem somewhat disconnected. But as more and more stunning celebrity transformation narratives started being spun back-to-back, people couldn't help but notice a couple common threads. These cases all seem to coincide with the rise in popularity of the drug Ozempic. Oh! Ozempic! Also, before we get into it, I just want to make it clear that I'm not here to promote or recommend any medication or health advice whatsoever. Like yes, I'm literally God's gift to the world, but no, I don't have a medical degree. It's not like I took the hypocritical oath or whatever, so just enjoy this video for what it is: entertainment. And an opportunity to stare into my eyes for the next hour. Anyway, to get started, I thought it would be helpful to nail down what Ozempic actually is. We all know it's weight loss medication, but the specifics behind it are a little more convoluted because technically Ozempic is actually not a weight loss medication, except for when it is. So, here's how it works. Ozempic is a name brand for a drug called semaglutide. This drug is manufactured by the company Novo Nordisk, and it's used to treat Type 2 diabetes. When it was discovered that it also had the side effect of pretty major weight loss, doctors began prescribing it off-label for obesity. Off-label means even though the FDA approved it for one thing, it still works for the other thing, and so it's also being used for that. But then Novo Nordisk started marketing semaglutide, the very same drug as Ozempic, under the separate brand name of Wegovy. And Wegovy they were able to get approved by the FDA for the treatment of obesity, but it doesn't end there. In addition to Semaglutide, there's a similar medication called tirzepatide. They work in slightly different ways, but they have mostly the same effect. So, besides Novo Nordisk, there is another company called Eli Lilly, and they're the prime manufacturers of tirzepatide just like Semaglutide, tirzepatide is effective for two major diseases at once. So, Eli Lilly sells that drug as both Mounjaro for type 2 diabetes and Zepbound for obesity. But also, much like Ozempic, Mounjaro is frequently prescribed off-label for obesity as well. Got all that. So, here's a recap. Ozempic is Novo Nordisk's diabetes medication whose generic name is semaglutide, which they also sell as Wegovy, a weight loss medication even though both get prescribed for weight loss. Similarly, Mounjaro and Zepbound are the name brand of Eli Lilly tirzepatide, which they sell for diabetes and obesity, respectively, as well, even though both get prescribed for weight loss. So basically, when someone says Ozempic, they may be referring to any one of four different medications, which are actually just two medications that both do the same two things that are made by two different companies, which market the four brand names in the same two ways, which I think is probably why people just say Ozempic. Oh, and also Novo Nordisk sells semaglutide as pills instead of injections and they call that one Rybelsus. Does that all make sense? You got all that? So anyway, now that nobody is confused by that anymore, I think it could also be helpful to take a look at how Ozempic, AKA semaglutide, works. I'm going to give you baby's first explanation of GLP-1 receptor agonist medication! Not because I think you're stupid, but because I feel like a baby, and this was the first explanation that I actually understood. So basically, your body naturally produces a hormone called GLP-1. GLP-1 regulates your brain's hunger signals as well as your body's insulin levels and therefore your blood sugar. Some people's GLP-1 levels are not as balanced as others, so now their blood sugar and/or hunger signals are too high, which can lead to type 2 diabetes and/or obesity. That's where semaglutide comes in. It mimics GLP-1 which balances your levels back out. What is Ozempic? It's mimicking a hormone that's released into your intestine when you eat food. So, the resulting lower blood sugar is how type 2 diabetes is treated. It also slows down the process of food moving through your body, making you feel fuller longer. So, both the slow digestion and the regulated hunger signals serve to reduce your appetite, which in turn leads to weight loss over time, and that's how the obesity is treated. The Ozempic doesn't burn any calories. It's about controlling your hunger. And there you have my declassified, highly simplified, glucagon-like peptide one receptor guide. Now, GLP-1 receptor agonist medication like semaglutide isn't exactly new. We've been using Ozempic, by the way, for five years. But recently, the medication has surged in popularity more than ever. I'm talking crazy popular. Ozempic, Wegovy drug prescriptions hit 9 million, surged 300% in under three years. It's at the point where these drugs are accelerating the expansion of the economy of Denmark, Novo Nordisk's home country. Other companies are feeling the effects too. Walmart said the drugs are causing people to buy less food. Weight Watchers is experiencing their worst financial times ever. We'll actually get into the Weight Watchers thing more later, but as you can see, this is all kind of a big deal. And on the one hand I feel like the Ozempic boom just kind of makes sense. The World Health Organization tells us that there is a global obesity epidemic or globesity, which is a term that the WHO has been trying to make happen since 2001, apparently. I understand the vision, but also no. But also, kudos for saying that, for spilling. Anyways, it stands to reason that a new effective medicine that treats one of the biggest medical issues facing literally all of humanity would catch on pretty quickly. But the strangest thing about Ozempic was that it wasn't just rising in usage, it started rising in status. And if you're wondering who is backwards enough to turn a medication injection pin into some sort of messed up status symbol, look no further than Hollywood. It's at the point where you can't even have a discussion about these medications without famous people coming up in the process. If you want to learn more about the exact specifics of how Ozempic works, there's this great Vox video that dives into the science behind it. But even on this video, which is just a straightforward explanation, there are comments like this. "Vox, I'm disappointed that the abuse of this drug by Hollywood and influencers for a quick fix to weight loss wasn't emphasized as much as it should be." So you know what? We're here. We've got time. Let's emphasize it. All right, so here's the thing. I'm not going to sit here and point to specific celebrities and say, "Yep, that guy? Ozempic poster child." Because at the end of the day, unless you're literally this person's primary care physician or med spa drug dealer, you literally have no way of knowing if they're using this medication or not. But, at the same time, it is also an open secret at this point. In fact, I don't even know if I would call it a secret. This oft-referenced clip of comedian Jimmy Kimmel making a joke about Ozempic at last year's Oscar Awards says a lot. When I look around this room, I can't help but wonder: is Ozempic right for me? The polite yet strained laughter is pretty clear. Celebrities are obsessed with semaglutide right now. Elon Musk tweeted about using Ozempic/Wegovy. Comedian, Chelsea Handler opened up about it, and I'm only mentioning people right now who have admitted it. What do we think of this Ozempic takeover in Hollywood? Well, listen, it's a miracle for anyone who's ever struggled with their weight. And here's the thing, she is right. This shouldn't be too much of a hot take, but medicine is good. It's great that we have better ways of treating obesity now, but here's the problem. Hollywood isn't exactly known for being full of people struggling with obesity. Some of these celebrities are not trying to treat a medical condition. They're literally just trying to fit into their ever-diminishing red carpet outfits. Apparently, the drug is being handed out so willy nilly that Chelsea didn't even know she was taking it. My anti-aging doctor just hands it out to anybody, right? I didn't even know I was on it. So here's the thing, while I would never shame someone with a medical condition for taking medicine, I think it's pretty safe to say that that is a completely separate issue from this. She goes, if you ever want to drop five pounds, this is good. If you ever want to know what's really going on in Hollywood, look no further than the comedians. They're certainly part of the in-crowd, but they're a lot more likely to expose the open secrets of said crowd in order to get laughs from those on the outside. We laugh because it's confirming what we already know deep down: that these people are really, really weird. The joke functions not just as comedy, but as an insight into a truth hidden in plain sight. The whole phenomenon is best summed up by the poet Homer. It's funny because it's true. So what truth are Jimmy Kimmel and Chelsea Handler telling us? Well, that rich people have indeed figured out how to buy skinny and now their anti-aging doctors are prescribing Ozempic even just to lose five pounds, resulting in the last little bit of body diversity in Hollywood being weeded out once and for all. People who are not that overweight are taking these drugs to lose maybe 10, 15, 20 pounds. How a diabetes drug became the talk of Hollywood tech and the Hamptons. This is the Hollywood drug. Everyone I know is on it Patty Stanger of Bravo TV's the Millionaire Matchmaker. These weren't developed for cosmetic uses, but they're being used cosmetically because they're so amazing in their effect. It's like the new Botox says Terry Dubrow, the plastic surgeon from the TV show Botched. "I love it. It's so good." "Everyone is suddenly showing up 25 pounds lighter," says Andy Cohen of Real Housewives fame. “What happens when they stop taking Ozempic?” And he's not exaggerating either. "I got on the bandwagon," says Real Housewives of New Jersey star Dolores Catania. "What housewife isn't on Ozempic?" Asks Cohen. "Not one. I wasn't going to come to this reunion looking bigger than anyone else." Mounjaro, it's another part of- Oh, that's the amped up version. Oh, is it? Oh yeah, yeah, that's the fast-forward to Skinnyville. Like if fast-forward to Skinnyville doesn't tell you how casually these celebs are treating these drugs, I don't know what does. I really want to try it when I give birth! This is literally a joke to these people. Besides the fact that this is just dystopian in general, I have to point out that it's not only extremely unethical, but very dangerous as well. Medicine is tested on people who have medical conditions, not typically on those without. So taking drugs to cheat something you literally don't have is just reckless because you have no idea what you're actually doing to your body. Ideally, what doctors are looking for is for a continued one-to-two-pound weight loss per week, certainly not the 10, 15 pounds in one week that people are claiming they've lost on these medications when they're using them in a non-prescribed, uncontrolled way. And putting yourself in danger just because you want to be size zero instead of size one is one thing, but it gets even worse. These medications have been on the U.S. government's drug shortages list for years at this point. Drug shortages aren't just bad for the obvious reasons of people not being able to get the help they need either. It gets more awful when awful people take advantage of people's desperation for this product by selling counterfeit Ozempic pens online, which resulted in serious side effects, and sometimes even death. So these Hollywood actors potentially endangering themselves is one thing, but it's absolutely unacceptable when you realize they're contributing to a shortage that is endangering the health and very lives of people who actually need the stuff and also they can perpetuate the same beauty standards that result in the discrimination against people with obesity in the first place. Even though this has been going on for a couple of years now, it's only getting more rampant over time. It's gotten to the point where just a few weeks ago, Eli Lilly, remember them, they released an entire commercial about this. “Eli Lilly slams Hollywood's Ozempic obsession ahead of Oscars.” People's whose health is affected by obesity are the reason we work on these medications. It matters who gets them. I do have to say though, this ad is kind of annoying because it's literally Eli Lilly and Novo Nordisk's responsibility to keep up with the demands for these drugs in the first place. Like yes, the Hollywood usage thing is bad, but they're not single-handedly causing this problem. And by the way, if it's so important to Eli Lilly that people get the medication they need, maybe they could take some steps to ensure that more people have access to this medication even if they can't get it through their insurance. I can't help but think that the fact that these meds can cost around $1,000 a month out of pocket, if not more, is probably part of the reason this turned into a class issue where only wealthy people have a 100% chance of acquiring it in the first place. But no, why work on any of that when you can just make a commercial about it, am I right? A commercial that, frankly, is just going to get even more people thinking, "Wait, you can use Mounjaro for cosmetic weight loss?” And seeing as how big pharma companies are, at the end of the day, still companies, one has to imagine that this was a consideration or even a factor behind making this ad campaign in the first place. But, you know, while many people still do deserve to be called out over this, there is a major caveat here. Just because someone is a rich celebrity does not mean that they're exempt from health issues. There are actual people in Hollywood with obesity or even type 2 diabetes, and clearly this drug has helped them. Actor Anthony Anderson has diabetes and is one of the most prominent voices calling for this trend to stop. And while you can certainly acknowledge how wealth, class, privilege, and all of this play a huge role in making it way easier for a celebrity to obtain this medicine as opposed to the average person, you can't just point your finger at any celebrity who has lost weight in the last couple of years and blame them for a national drug shortage. Again, we don't know if they used Ozempic, and even if they did, some people really do need the medicine, even if said people have offshore bank accounts. And this finger pointing trickles down too. Some people seem to think that anyone at all who takes Ozempic for weight loss is just some kind of bad person. And while I primarily blame the celebrities’ frivolous usage for this misconception, it's really just rooted in misinformation. Yes, Ozempic may have started off as diabetes medication, but off-label drug prescription by doctors is not against the rules. The FDA literally has a whole article about how this is a thing that happens. It's not abnormal. You can't say some medical conditions deserve treatment more than others, and these diseases have a lot of overlap anyway. Really, your ire should be directed towards the right direction. People in Hollywood who do not have obesity, who do not need this medicine and who are using their immense wealth and privilege to access it anyway for vanity reasons, resulting in shortages that affect people who actually do need it. And also, big pharma. Big pharma is literally always the problem. And while you can't decide from looking whether or not someone needs Ozempic, it's safe to say that Hollywood is handing it out so recklessly, and for such small amounts of weight, that there is some serious misappropriation going on. Besides the obvious harm caused by these celebrities who choose to use this medicine unnecessarily, it's also reinforcing dangerous beauty standards by focusing on rapid weight loss and encouraging everyday people to use it unnecessarily as well by turning it into a trend further contributing to the shortages that are endangering people who do need it. We'll explore the beauty standard side of things in part three. But as for the effects of turning Ozempic into a trend, one has to look no further than everybody's favorite clock app. Oh, TikTok, how do I love thee? Let me count the ways. With over 84,000 different videos under the Ozempic hashtag and over 1.5 billion views between them, it's safe to say that TikTok has had an outsized influence on the way people are talking about Ozempic. This hit TikTok and became like a sensation. But the attitudes that float around in the entertainment industry inevitably float down towards the internet, meaning Hollywood's nonchalance and borderline jocular stance on Ozempic found an even wider audience on an app where people have a nonchalant and borderline jocular stance on pretty much everything. People started doing the Ozempic hand challenge. This one has about 10 million views where basically people show the before and after results of the weight loss on their hands. This of course, turned into a joke where people started posting other people's hands as their after picture. People often talk about Ozempic face even though medically speaking it's literally not a thing. It's just a misnomer for something that a lot of people experience with or without weight loss medication. But anyways, this of course turns into Ozempic face makeup with a cool 2.8 million views. As you can imagine, Ozempic often results in its users eating smaller portion sizes, and of course this turns into a joke as well, 2.4 million views because of course it does. And if it turns into a joke seems to be a common theme here, then you're understanding exactly how TikTok works. Not even the Ozempic theme song is safe at this point. It shows. You were fat not that long ago. And then things like this get 20 million views and people kind of internalize not just the humor but the attitudes behind it. The lyrics to this parody song are somewhat mild, but they think they reveal some pretty key themes. "Ozempic, we know you didn't do that alone. It shows you were fat not that long ago." I get the joke, but it also just kind of makes me wonder: should people have to do it alone, and what does doing it alone even really mean? And I don't want to make it sound like mockery is the only thing happening on the platform. Beyond people making fun of everything from users of the medication to their faces to their symptoms, you can find people who are actually sharing helpful information about Ozempic and its counterparts. There's actually a whole side of TikTok just dedicated to people on these medications discussing their experiences. But the thing is, with the majority of the discourse being anywhere from completely unserious to outright misinformation, it starts to do a number on the people consuming this content. "I want to be an Ozempic girlie so bad.” “What I got to say to the doctor to get this?” “I want Ozempic face." These are all comments with a ton of likes. Obviously, a joke is a joke at the end of the day, but it's all just a bit jarring to see this “Ticket to Skinnyville” sentiment repeated ad nauseum here just like it is in Hollywood. And guess what? The misplaced anger is alive and well too. One person was just sharing their experience with side effects, specifically vomiting, and someone says, "Good. Hope it happens to more Ozempic girlies like you. Y'all deserve it." First of all, using the term “Ozempic girlie” in what is undoubtedly a hate comment is just unhinged. But secondly, no. I said it once and I'll say it again. There is nothing wrong with taking this medication if you need it, and you cannot tell if someone needs it just by guessing. Nobody who's actually trying out meds for health reasons deserves negative side effects. But we'll get into more of this idea of people deserving or not deserving things in part three. Another thing that TikTok is very prone to is leaning into unsafe trends that endanger its users who are typically too young to identify the behavior as being harmful in the first place. And in this case, that's exactly how we wind up with the Oatzempic Challenge. Make this drink and you're going to lose 40 pounds less than 2 months. The idea of losing 40 pounds in 2 months when the CDC recommends that most people should aim for about 1 to 2 pounds a week is horrifying. And telling people that this completely unrealistic goal will definitely happen if you just make this one weird drink is super irresponsible. We are officially on day 5 of Lose 40 Pounds In 2 Months diet. But don't worry, this guy in particular only has a combined 8 million views across his Oatzempic videos. What the hell? Mi gente, mi gente, this [ __ ], this [ __ ] here is working And that's just this guy. And unfortunately things like this taking off is just par for the course on this platform, but of course it gets worse than that. Now for the love of God, I hope that there is nobody who is just drinking this and not eating anything because I did see quite a few comments in the video that I was tagged in that said, "You should try a water diet." A water diet, also known as literally not eating. I hate it here. Please don't do. Please, I have no other words except for don't. And in typical TikTok fashion, all of the videos I've just referenced are still publicly available on the platform with no sort of warning attached whatsoever! But don't worry, because they did start taking down content. Except the content in question is from the people I mentioned earlier who were literally just talking about their experiences with the drugs so they could help other people. I think there's several people that would like this answered and no matter what I say, it's getting taken down. So let me get this straight. Targeting harmless small creators is more important to TikTok's trust and safety than addressing viral trends that are potentially encouraging children to literally starve themselves. I think this section's good. In part two of this video, I want to take a look at television media and the impact it's had on driving this whole Ozempic trend. It's safe to say that traditional media like TV doesn't have quite the same relevance that it used to, but at the same time, that doesn't mean it's still not impacting public opinion in a major way. Whether it's influencing for better or worse though remains to be seen. I can think of no better person to focus on for part two than Oprah Winfrey. She's not just the most prominent person to align herself with the weight loss meds. She's a powerful media mogul herself, a billionaire in fact who has contributed massively towards shaping public opinion through her television show turned media empire, and a lot of said public opinion involves weight loss. It's not just something she's talked about a lot over the years. At one point she actually owned a 10% stake in the company Weight Watchers, which you can probably guess from the name is a diet and lifestyle services company. There are big bucks here, and it's safe to say that Oprah Winfrey has profited massively from society's weight loss obsession. And while I'm not in the habit of sitting around feeling sorry for billionaires, literally nobody can deny that she was also a victim of the very same thing. Like all forms of discrimination, there are layers to this. The fatphobia directed towards Oprah was rooted in not just misogyny but misogynoir, that is a particular convoluted viciousness due to the fact that she was a Black woman who held immense social power ever since the mid 80s. Best believe that people were going to find something to drag her for, and it's no surprise that it was her weight. I was ridiculed on every late night talk show for 25 years and tabloid covers for 25 years. Here are just a few of the thousands of headlines written about me. It's extremely nasty stuff, but now Ozempic has risen in popularity and she announces that she's hosting an entire TV special where she talks about her experience with the medication as well as featuring other people's stories. And if anything, it almost seems like she's the perfect person for the job. No, she is still a billionaire media mogul, and that doesn't happen without some level of unethical behavior. Wealth hoarding and its inherent exploitation aside, Oprah has historically done very reckless things with her platform, specifically when it comes to health. She's actually responsible for platforming and popularizing Dr. Oz, who has done so much damage due to his pseudoscience that it would take a whole other video just to unpack that. She's also responsible for platforming Dr. Phil, another fraud who, again, literally do not have to time for this. And she herself has actually televised some pretty harmful behavior when it comes to how the media treats people and their bodies. Here are the Olsen Twins opening up in 2004 about their experience with body shaming and listen to how Oprah responds. Either you're too fat, you're too skinny, and people are just going to write what they- What size are you, by the way? Like, bruh, you are part of this problem. And these are just the ways in which she's problematic specifically in regards to weight and health. Start looking outside of that and the list truly goes on. Like I said, billionaire, not great. So while I would not by any metric say that Oprah Winfrey is the perfect host for an Ozempic TV special, she's certainly not the worst. I would describe her as part of the problem, not the cause of it, and she does still have a right to speak out about her experience as a victim of fatphobia, even if it doesn't quite sit right with others due to her being a perpetuator of the same issue. But internalized bigotry is a hell of a drug. So honestly, we'll take what we can get. So I watched the special and I would describe my feelings on it as mixed, which as you can see is just par for the course when it comes to Oprah in general. She's definitely had some good moments on there, what with her briefly covering the side effects and inviting doctors, actual sane doctors this time on the show to talk a little bit about how Ozempic works, even though it was all pretty surface level. But the show was definitely not without its faults. A lot of the way Oprah talks about weight loss is very us versus them, which I certainly understand, but result in clunky things like I thought all of the people who never had to diet were just using their willpower, and now I realize y'all wasn't even thinking about the food. It's like she's almost there. No, obesity is not a willpower issue by any means. We're actually going to go over that a bit in part three, but at the same time saying people who never have to diet i.e. thin people never have to think about food isn't really helpful framing either. Food noise is pretty catastrophic as I know from personal experience, but making sweeping generalizations about other people's relationship with food and what they may or may not experience is kind of the exact thing we're supposed to be avoiding in the first place here. She also keeps repeating the fact that obesity is a disease, which yes, it is defined by the World Health Organization as "A chronic complex disease defined by excessive fat deposits that can impair health" but Oprah's definition more so seems to be obesity is a disease where if you have it, you're destined to remain obese forever until Ozempic came along. If you have the disease of obesity, you're always going to go back to that set point. Definitely super not true at all. Obesity itself is not a life sentence that's dooming you to a life of having excessive body fat. The condition just refers to the excessive If you don't have it, then you can diet, lose weight, exercise, all of the things that we've heard over the years. Now here's the thing, it is a multifactorial disease, meaning it can be caused by so many different things, and a lot of those factors routinely do drive your weight up over time despite your best efforts, even if you are conscious about your diet and exercise. But that's certainly not the case for everyone. And so I think saying point-blank, "If you have obesity, you're always going to go back to that set point" is a bit misinformed. She keeps almost getting there, but then also super missing the point at the same time. This would all be well and good if she was just shooting the breeze with a friend or whatever, but it's maybe less well and good seeing as she's Oprah Winfrey spreading misinformation on the TV special. When I tell you how many times I have blamed myself. This is obviously helpful for her and I can only imagine that this was fairly important to anyone who may not have realized the complex nature of obesity and that it's not something you should blame yourself for, nor should anyone be blaming you for it. But instead of tackling the fatphobia that was leading people to ostracize others struggling with this, the message of the special is more so, "Take that media. I'm thin now and it was never my fault in the first place." And it's like Oprah, kudos for saying that, for spilling, but this doesn't really do anything to hold anyone accountable, including herself for perpetuating the idea that it was okay to make people feel bad even if they didn't lose the weight. For all the people who believe diet and exercise is the best and only way to lose excess weight, bless you too. Overall, it's a bit of a tough watch, but I understand the vision. I will say though, before I move on, there is this one super weird aspect of the special that I just could not ignore no matter how hard I tried. So remember how I said that Oprah used to own a 10% stock in Weight Watchers? Yeah, that company is not doing so hot right now. They've been kind of going through it in general actually, as attitudes towards weight loss have evolved over the years. Like in 2018, they tried to rebrand to WW since the concept of weight watching doesn't really have the best connotations in the first place, but Ozempic has pretty much been the nail in the coffin here with just last month being Weight Watchers' worst financial month of all time. I think they realized that no matter what, they're not going to win this war here. So they tried the old “if you can't beat them, join them” approach, and they started offering people prescriptions for Ozempic online. But unfortunately for them, this boom was quickly undercut as soon after Eli Lilly announced that they would start weight loss meds directly to consumers online. So needless to say, WW has been more of an LL lately and they don't seem to know what to do about it, but Oprah certainly did. "WW International Inc. announces upcoming Oprah Winfrey board transition." I recently made the decision to not continue serving on the Board of Weight Watchers. Not just that, but according to WW's press release, she actually sold her stake in the company as well and donated the money. And I also donated all of my shares in Weight Watchers to the Smithsonian National Museum of African-American History and Culture. Her reasoning for this was not because WW is crashing in burning, of course, no, but because... I wanted no perceived conflict of interest for this special. So I guess the conflict that she's referring to would arise from the fact that she invited the CEO of Weight Watchers Sima Sistani onto her special. She invited her here to tell us what you may ask? We are the most clinically-tested evidence-based science-backed behavior-change program, but we were missing the third prong, which was biology. I kid you not, this literally turns into a borderline undisclosed ad for how Weight Watchers is prescribing people Ozempic now. Why do we need Weight Watchers if we've got Zepbound and Wegovy? Weight Watchers is not just about weight loss. And setting WW up to extol their own virtues in this post-Ozempic landscape might not seem like it's directly benefiting Oprah, seeing as how she sold her shares and all. But when you look a little closer at that press release and see that she said, "I look forward to continuing to advise and collaborate with Weight Watchers," I can't help but feel like this is less of an end and more of a beginning. Even the press release is promo for yet a different upcoming special. "In May, Oprah Winfrey and Weight Watchers will be hosting an event on weight health." Between all of that and the fact that she also had representatives from both Eli Lilly and Novo Nordisk here as well, in a show dedicated to hyping up their medication, I think at the end of the day you can probably sum all of this energy up in one word: billionaire. Based off of some of the valid criticisms that Oprah brought up in her special, I think we should take a look at how the media has historically talked about celebrities' weight and how that's contributed to this mess we're in right now. While she was a very prominent example of this issue, it's even sadder to say that she wasn't the only person who experienced it. Before more socially conscious attitudes started to creep into mainstream media, it was just seen as par for the course to pick apart every aspect of a celebrity's body. It's why Oprah asked the Olsen Twins what size they were on national television. This was obviously much worse for women, but it was pretty universal across the board. Like, snapping paparazzi photos of action stars and saying, "Look, their bodies are different now," was like an age-old Hollywood special at this point. And clearly those socially conscious attitudes are not creeping quickly enough because this is still happening. I remember just a couple of years ago, Jason Momoa was in the news cycle for not looking like Aquaman 24/7, which is literally absurd. I'm actually going to talk more about Jason Momoa in part three, but the point is people are obsessed with Hollywood's bodies. Now here's the thing. Part of this is cyclical. Hollywood is obsessed with specific body types, which in turn fuels everyone's fixation on bodies in general, and then this spills out and affects people in Hollywood even outside of their job in moments when they are not working hard to look unattainable. This in turn completely skews everyone's idea of what normal looks like in the first place, and it's just like a big catch-22 where everyone's a victim. But I think it goes even deeper than that though. Yes, body standards explain some of this, but I think the heart of the issue is just that people are obsessed with the concept of transformation in general. There's just something innately human about wanting to see something change. Think about how many YouTube videos featuring some sort of crazy transformation are insanely popular. When it comes to things like say, caterpillars with no rizz turning into dripped-out butterflies or a house getting renovated from a literal dump into a modern masterpiece, I totally get it. But when this transformation obsession manifests itself as photographing celebrities without their consent and then picking apart the pictures to prove that they've gained weight because they don't look like they do in a photoshopped or highly contrived photo shoot or video, it's safe to say that it's more of a negative in this case. I also want to talk about the flip side of this issue. Celebrity weight obsession doesn't somehow become better when you're talking about weight loss instead of weight gain. We seem to have at least figured out for the most part that someone's body getting bigger should not be a news report, but nobody seems to have gotten the memo about the reverse. There are so many articles anytime a celebrity dares to look somewhat smaller than they did the last time we saw them. And it neatly fits into our transformation mania, it's not as overt as outright fat shaming, and then people start doing a bunch of annoying speculation into how they did it and what they're eating, and it's just a lot. It is actually crazy to think how accepted it is for people to write entire articles dedicated to celebrity weight loss. You're still commenting on people's bodies. You do get that? Often when the people in question are not doing so themselves. I'd also like to point out that weight loss is not always good. Who remembers the show “The Biggest Loser”? I certainly do. I literally remember watching this show as a kid and thinking, "Wow, this is awesome." And then I wonder where this obsession with transformation comes from. But this show is a prime example of weight loss that is completely disconnected from health. Yes, the pretense of getting healthier is there, but frankly, the whole idea of rapidly losing weight so you can win a cash prize isn't something that should be encouraged under any circumstances when again, gradual weight loss has been shown to be more sustainable over the long term. And that's not even getting into the multiple other issues with that show and the unhealthy behavior that they were promoting. It's not a great sign when your Wikipedia page has “risks and criticism” as a section. But anyway, besides that, there are so many medical conditions one can get where the side effects include rapid weight loss, and in this case, losing weight is actually kind of awful. And frankly, unless someone tells you, you have no idea of knowing how they lost that weight in the first place, nor is it any of your business. You can't know if someone is healthier just because they are now smaller. You're not really celebrating their health, you're just glorifying their image because it happened to change to fit into your standard. But we'll get more into that when we start talking about the fatphobia of it all. And I personally think there is a fairly straightforward answer for how the media should be commenting on people's bodies going forward. Basically, they shouldn't. That's it. That's the solution. Notice how I haven't actually made any comments about anyone's body in this entire video, thin, bigger or otherwise? It's not hard to do, even in a context where I am constantly talking about weight loss and weight loss medication. A concept that I really strove for, and not just this video but my personal life as well, is body neutrality. WebMD defines it simply as, "The act of taking a neutral stance towards your body, both emotionally and physically. That means not supporting the hatred towards your body's limitations or investing the time and energy to love it either.” Literally, your body is just your body. It's not this holy temple that should be worshiped, and it's also not something to be despised. It is genuinely just there, and it is doing its absolute best to persist, and honestly, that can be enough. Learning how to let that be enough was a huge thing for me. And here's the thing, if that's not your personal stance on your own body, that's absolutely fine, but it should definitely be your stance on everyone else's body. We are not affected by how other people look. They are literally just there. Other people's bodies don't exist for us to have opinions on, but for the people in them to live their lives while we live ours. There's nothing wrong with being proud of your body, and it's okay to join in celebrating someone else's achievements if they are the ones bringing this to the table. But fixating on this when that person didn't mention it is just weird, it doesn't matter what you're saying. There are a lot more resources if you want to go more in depth about body neutrality, and how to apply it, but I really think it's going to be the way of going forward when it comes to media coverage. Lizzo has recently come forward as a proponent of the idea, and Jonah Hill made waves a couple of years ago after he lost weight and then asked fans not to comment on his body, even if it's positive, because it's, quote, "not helpful and doesn't feel good." Though I like how in this very same screenshot, we see actress Sharon Stone chiming in with, "Can I say you look good? Because you do." Clearly, it's going to take a hot minute before people figure out what body neutrality is all about, but honestly, whether the media catches up or not, maybe it's something we can implement in our own lives, so we can break free from this vicious cycle of celebrity weight loss obsession for ourselves. I think one of the most annoying things I've seen in a lot of traditional media when it comes to Ozempic is either overselling the drug as some sort of unparalleled miracle cure, or fear-mongering to the point of absurdity, or sometimes even both. It's usually both. With the overselling, I'm not exaggerating with the miracle thing. Are these drugs a miracle moment? I would be very hesitant to say that anything with obesity is a miracle. Semaglutide is obviously a huge advancement, and it's clearly working better for a lot of people than previous attempts at treating obesity. But at the same time, not every medication is right for everyone, and I think positing this as some sort of wonder drug is not only misleading, but potentially disheartening for people as well. We are still learning what is the best way to give patients these medications, follow them on it. We're learning so much, but nothing's a miracle. Besides outright over hype, I noticed a lot of media referring to it as a trend as well, which I did in this video too, and I have mixed feelings about this. On the one hand, it is literally a trend, we saw that in the video, especially among people who didn't need it in the first place. We've also seen the negative impact that this unnecessary trend has had. I think just breezily generating media copy about the phenomenon without explaining why this should never have been a trend in the first place tends to rub me the wrong way. But by far, the worst angle I've seen media outlets take is definitely the blatant fear-mongering. I've seen some stuff that makes Oprah's special look downright Emmy-worthy by comparison. The allure is life-changing weight loss, but does it come with life-ending risk? “Ozempic risk. Could weight loss injections be fatal?” Productions like this always follow the same format. They hype up the drug, again, seriously overselling it, and then they try to make it sound like the medicine is secretly super dangerous, and this whole phenomenon is a threat to humanity as we know it. They focus on cases of extreme side effects, or sometimes even unrelated things that just happen to happen to people on Ozempic. Speaking of side effects, there are two reasons I think that the discourse around them is completely overblown. A, the side effects make perfect sense, and B, none of them are a secret. Again, thinking back to this medicine, and how it works, i.e., slowing down your digestive process beyond its natural rate, it tracks that the majority of side effects in that case are related to digestion. Nausea, diarrhea, vomiting, constipation, stomach pain, etc. If Wegovy was causing people's hair to fall out, or turning their nails brittle or something, I think it would be pretty natural to question why this is happening, but it's pretty clear that's not the case here. Also, if you're wondering where I'm getting this list of symptoms from, it's literally the website for Wegovy. I don't get why some people treat the side effects like they are secret, or proof that the medicine is evil. Even the one side effect which is the most serious has a prominent section on the website. These drugs do carry a black box warning for a rare type of thyroid cancer. Do not use Wegovy if you or any of your family has ever had this type of thyroid cancer. I don't think it can get any more specific than this. Not everyone who brings up the side effects is doing so to scare people off. I do believe that this is valuable information, sharing it is not inherently bad. But, I also think you're more likely to get a balanced perspective when it's coming from a medical professional, like the doctor I just showed. These medications are generally well tolerated, but one of the ways in which they work is by slowing the emptying of the stomach. Saying, "Hey, this is how it works, and these are the effects it may have" is one thing, but saying, "These people literally died. We don't know if it was because of Ozempic, but they were on Ozempic, so it could have been," that is just super gross, and it seriously makes me question the intent behind the reporting. A coroner ruled Tim's cause of death was undetermined. Sue says that doesn't make sense. Obviously, it is tragic, and I feel nothing but sorry for the people in this special who have lost their loved ones, but to the 60 Minutes execs that have spun this into a, "Does Ozempic kill people" TV special, that is just unhinged behavior, and nobody responsible for this is seeing heaven. Speaking of feeling sorry, I don't want this to sound like I'm blaming people for their side effects, by the way. Actually, you know what? Quick caveat. If you're taking this stuff and you know don't need it, but it's just because you can afford to, and you're trying to keep up with your rich friends, I'm going to be honest, I'm absolutely blaming you for your side effects, and you deserve every one that you get. You are the Ozempic girly who deserves the vomiting. I went to lunch with a girlfriend a few days later, and she's like, "I'm not really eating anything. I'm so nauseous. I'm on Ozempic." I was like, "I'm nauseous, too." The idea of a bunch of rich people going out for lunch but feeling too bad to eat it because of choices they made that are disadvantaging poor people is some sort of strange poetic justice. For the average person who was using this medication for medicinal purposes, I don't want it to sound like I'm blaming them for their side effects, or I don't care that they happen. Everyone's body is different, and for some people, the stuff actually does get pretty serious. There are options for managing the side effects, but in the end, as I've said, not every medication works for everyone, and genuinely, my heart goes out to anyone who gets overwhelmed by these side effects. However, the side effects in question are still literally on the box, and it's bizarre that so much of the protest here is coming from people who don't even plan on taking this stuff in the first place, or from people who did take it but don't need it, and they're the main ones not following the instructions. There are people out there who are not using these properly, but in using them properly, we find that the vast majority of people tolerate them well. Instead of losing weight at a gradual pace, celebrities want it to happen as quickly as possible, and then they get blindsided when there are actual consequences. Who would've thought? It takes five months to go from the lowest dose to the highest dose, I've heard stories of people starting with doses that are in the middle or higher, and that is guaranteed to give someone side effects. People even say, "Did you know you have to take the medication forever? Otherwise, the weight comes back," as if that's some sort of gotcha. Wegovy, Zepbound, etc, these are long-term medications. The very first sentence on the Wikipedia page for Semaglutide says, "It's used for long-term weight management." The average person is not just going to be able to click a couple of pens and then never worry about their weight ever again. That would be amazing, but we're not there yet. It's not a conspiracy, it's just science that anybody's doctor would explain to them. Yes, you have to keep taking the medication. Speaking of conspiracies, another reason I really don't like this fear-mongering is, it leans into some pretty wacky fringe groups. I've noticed that Ozempic is very much the latest target of that paranoid group of people who believe that literally all science and medicine is dangerous and full of malintent, like vaccines are all just the work of the deep state, and Ozempic is just the latest firmware update in this clandestine agenda. These are the kinds of people who will accuse me of promoting weight loss meds just because of this video, and I'm literally just talking about them. If you're not against Ozempic, you're against Conspiracy theorists like this genuinely cannot be reasoned with, but that doesn't stop them from trying to reason with everyone else. Even with videos like the 60 Minutes segment we just watched, you click into a couple of videos in the recommendations, and next thing you know you are miles deep into a rabbit hole about how Joe Biden is secretly a robot created by ancient Mayans. Pandering to these people by playing dumb and hyper-fixating on side effects and usage instructions of a medication that is, again, not a secret, is just really an irresponsible way of approaching your coverage. At the end of the day, if you have questions about this medication, talk to your doctor, not to a dramatic TV special or a conspiracy theorist's YouTube comment section. Spoiler alert, medicine has side effects, a sentence I never thought would be shocking to anyone ever. All right, in this part I want to look at some of the social attitudes and dynamics that are driving this discourse. As we've seen, Ozempic is definitely a big deal, but why is it a big deal? I have a few observations that explain things, but they all show that, once again, it starts at the top and finds its way down to each and every one of us. No discussion about Ozempic or weight in general would be complete without a look into body image issues, and how they play into all of this in the first place. If the fact that Hollywood is commandeering literal medicine for aesthetic purposes shows us anything, it's that weight is at the crossroads of both health and beauty, and this overlap is absolutely disastrous on both ends. It has two main effects. The desire to be beautiful now manifests as extreme unhealthiness, and concern for other people's health is often just thinly veiled discrimination for not fitting into dangerous beauty standards. Now, I'll get more into the second one later, but I really want to focus on that first one, beauty at the expense of your health. I think that this conversation is usually very focused on beauty standards for women, and how quickly they veer into unattainability and serious health issues. Honestly, there are already a lot of great resources about these standards created by the women and femme-presenting people who are affected by them. Instead of adding my limited perspective there, I thought I'd actually explore this through the lens of something I experience every day, Hollywood's promotion of beauty standards and body image issues for men. With toxic masculinities, comical emphasis on logic and downplaying your emotions, men don't generally sit around unpacking male beauty standards and how it feels to pursue them or exist outside of them, at least not in my experience, but that doesn't make the effects any less drastic. Hollywood dictates what men should look like, and these ideal bodies go in and out of fashion just like they do for women. We may not typically identify with terms like slim, thick or curvy, but we do have Captain America, and The Rock, and any dude could tell you that those are two different things. But what neither Cap nor Mr. Dwayne Johnson would explain is that it's highly unlikely that the average person would ever wind up looking like either of them. Part of the reason that it took the comedians to expose the Ozempic craze behavior is that Hollywood actors in general work really hard to downplay the difference between us versus Watching The Avengers is no fun if you're just sitting there thinking the whole time about how any one of the actors you see on screen could just Thanos snap your rent, or student loans, or anything away without even blinking, but they won't. Yes, we want our stars to be in a different stratosphere from us, but at the same time, we don't really want them to admit it, at least not anymore. There was actually a time where stars were supposed to be completely out of touch. From Paris Hilton and Nicole Richie's entire reality show where they struggled to get their single shifts of everyday jobs to idiosyncratic artists like David Bowie, who were known for being larger than life, we weren't exactly supposed to be anything like these people. Therefore, these people weren't so quick to hide the differences. Take the father of male beauty standards, Arnold Schwarzenegger. He never actually hid the fact that his physique was attained not just through hard work, but through the usage of steroids as well. Even guys who went the normal dude to super ripped approach for a movie were more open about it, too. Charlie Sheen has talked about using steroids, and the results are pretty obvious, but over time, things started to change. Seemingly coinciding with the rise of the internet and our collective shared experience, there was a rise in relatability as well. Stars started being less and less open with the things that made them seem different from us. When Tom Hardy was asked if steroids played a role in his physique as Bane, he said, "No, I took Smarties. What do you think?" This is a funny answer, but its indirectness says a lot about how expectations started to change. By 2012. We knew the truth, but we didn't really want to hear it. Now, fast-forward to today, and I'd say this relatability has reached critical mass. Look, the guy who plays Superman builds PCs and plays tabletop games just like us. Yes, if he wanted to, Henry Cavill could literally purchase all of your internal organs individually, but he's also just a normal dude. Now, instead of the outright admissions of a Schwarzenegger or a Sheen, or even the half confirmations of a Hardy, when it comes to steroid usage, men in Hollywood give us absolutely nothing. Nothing at all. Sure, there's lots of talk about personal trainers, and live-in cooks, and there's a reluctant acknowledgement that this is still, at the end of the day, unattainable, but from the way this is discussed nowadays, you'd think the word steroids was some kind of curse. It's a huge lie of omission, unless of course we were to assume that nobody is using steroids, and it's just something that they used to do right up until it stopped fitting the image that we're expecting from them. Yes, thanks to Marvel movies, the ideal male physique is literally rooted in comic book illustrations now instead of real people, but nowadays, personal trainers are just so good we don't even need steroids. I guess that could be the case, but I think it makes more sense that there's a bit of an open secret situation going on here. Their job isn't acting anymore, it's going to the gym twice a day and taking steroids, really. Have we got an award for most ripped junkie? Remember what we said about comedians? Look, I'm not going to sit here, built like Jack Skellington, and say that you can never ever attain a muscular physique without steroids. People did stuff like this before steroids even existed, but looking at the insane timelines of the average MCU leading man transformation, and just thinking about the fact that these people have multi-million dollar paychecks that depend on them looking completely unreal, you almost wonder why they wouldn't go the performance enhancement route under careful medical supervision. Though not even the best doctors that money can buy are enough to ensure that there are no negative effects. Charlie Sheen encountered mood changes. Tom Hardy dealt with joint pain, saying, "I think you pay the price with any drastic physical changes." Arnold Schwarzenegger said, "Anytime you abuse the body, you're going to regret it." I just want young people to know that I've seen people getting kidney transplants and suffering tremendously from it. As if that's not enough, when actors do open up about the lengths that they go to achieve the look, you can tell how unhealthy it would all be, even if steroids weren't part of the picture at all. When I was having to train for the Ant-Man movie, and I was on a very restrictive diet, my reward was sparkling water. That's how horrible that diet was. I was like, "All right, I'm going to have some sparkling water now. I've earned it." It wasn't flavored. I wasn't going to go crazy. I think it's pretty safe to say that regardless of the result, being on a diet so restrictive that you're drinking unflavored water for dessert is probably not the healthiest thing mentally, especially when you hear how Paul Rudd talks about said results. I also think I worked out harder than anyone, I would eat better than everyone, and I looked worse than all of them. I had to work out all the time, eat perfectly just to look kind of bad, not even great. This is not great. This is what we're calling not great. Hollywood has lost the plot so much that they just say things without even realizing how crazy they sound. We weren't ready to do the shirtless scene yet, because it takes a long time to get... you have to starve yourself. That has to be the most casual admission of starving oneself that I've ever heard. Even what we're seeing with our eyes is still not how these people really look naturally. If Jason Momoa of all people has to do all that just to look like, well, Jason Momoa in a movie, I shudder to think what lengths the average person is supposed to go to here. This is also why people freaked out when the paparazzi snapped photos of him looking slightly less defined than he did on the Aquaman promo photos. And then you wonder why people are starving themselves. What's your favorite snack? Do you like fries? I like fries. Is that a good snack? We don't eat. It seems like a joke, but also- You have to start yourself. Thinking about the many ways in which these body standards are unhealthy for us, ways that are both confirmed, like unhealthy eating habits, and unconfirmed, like obvious steroid usage, it makes it pretty obvious that this is not something that should be aspired to as an ideal. But the average person is simply not thinking about these things that deeply. Instead, it's just, "Wow, I'm so small. How do I get bigger? I want to look like Captain America." Instead of looking like Captain America, you wind up with body dysmorphia and an eating disorder with a name that you don't even know, because people talk about E.D. so rarely when it comes to men. Well, people talk about E.D. a lot when it comes to men, but it's not that E.D., if you know what I mean. And then, like everything in Hollywood, this trickles down, like we saw from the section about TikTok. Those standards get emulated by people online, influencers in this case who tell the same lies about how they're achieving these looks. That's how we get cases of guys like The Liver King having to make a YouTuber apology video for lying to his audience and pretending that he didn't use steroids, because apparently, he had people convinced that this was natural at some point. And then from influencers, it trickles down to everyday people like you or me, if I didn't have 1.6 million subscribers. But you know what? I didn't always have this platform. Honestly though, as a kid, I never really did want to look like Arnold Schwarzenegger. My inspo was more Ryuk from Death Note, or No-Face. Honestly, body goals. But still, for most of my childhood, I was pretty skinny. People would constantly comment about it. So much for body neutrality, right? I still had it in my head that my body type was not the ideal. I should look like a superhero. If they can do it, I should be able to do Seriously, try growing up as a skinny guy, and you will lose track of how many people in your life imply or outright say that you should just change your body and get bigger, even if you are perfectly healthy. The skinny to crazy ripped pipeline is one of the transformations we're obsessed with, and people try to sell it to you left and right. Do you know how disconcerting it is that there are so many tutorials online for how not to look like me? It honestly really used to get to me, but then I completely threw out my concept of both Western and gender-based beauty ideals, and I realized, I'm too hot for any of those standards to apply to me, but that took a lot of work. I used this whole body image conversation to show what kind of behavior from Hollywood is behind this Ozempic situation. Muscle can be healthy, being thin can be healthy, but these do not equal healthy, and in Hollywood, they are beauty standards, first and foremost. Celebrities are setting these standards by any means necessary while still making it seem like these are health goals to be aspired to. This results in people feeling bad about themselves and wanting to change, but unfortunately, it can manifest as trading one kind of unhealthiness for another. We've taken a perfectly good idea and just clouded it in 100 layers of things that are simply not real, and that is part of the reason this debate is so charged. Yes, we want to look like what we see, and when you think about it like that, Ozempic becoming a "Trend" makes perfect sense. The more I worked on this video, the more I started to wonder, why is this literally the most controversial topic I've ever talked about? Out of all the things I've covered on my channel, why does this one in particular seem to inspire so many strong opinions in so many different people? We've looked at things like body image issues, and celebrity weight obsession, but that wasn't enough for me. I felt like there had to be some sort of underlying force behind all of this, and there is. Spoiler alert, it's fat phobia. When it comes to any form of discrimination, the dictionary definition never goes quite as hard as the actual definition. Fat phobia, according to Macmillan dictionary, is an irrational fear of, or aversion to, or discrimination against obesity or people with obesity. Yes, I think we can agree on the separate parts of that. Fat phobia is irrational, it's discriminatory, that makes it wrong, but is the problem that fat phobia has with larger bodies just that they're not skinny? On one hand, technically yes, that is literally the problem, but that is just the tip of the iceberg. If someone asked me to write a definition, I think I would tack on a few extra words there. It's discrimination, fear and aversion due to preconceived notions about obesity. Once you start getting into some of these preconceptions, everything starts making a lot more sense, even though it's all still very stupid. Now, there are resources that go into more detail about this, but I would say the root of the insanity at the heart of all of this is the irrational belief that weight is a morality issue. Even if people think that they dislike obesity for health reasons, the health side of things is often rooted in or even overshadowed by the fact that they genuinely believe excess body fat makes you a bad person. People use terms like lazy or a bad influence, but they all just mean bad. You're bad and you should feel bad. It's a disease, not a character flaw. When it comes to any sort of irrational beliefs that drive bigotry, I find that it's never a good use of your time trying to figure out why people think this, because truthfully, there is never a valid reason. So because of this, people's whole personalities becomes trying to bin logic and reality into a reason, into something that justifies their belief. So let's unpack some of those justifications because they come up pretty frequently. People with obesity are bad because they're normalizing obesity. This one is usually directed towards celebrities or media representation, et cetera. But here's the thing, obesity is normal. This is a fairly common issue to deal with. Shout out globesity. And if someone is dealing with this, you know that they're still allowed to exist visibly. It's an absurdly paranoid and overly emotional response to see someone with a certain body type and say, "Look, there it is. They're trying to normalize it." A, it's normal, and B, you seriously need to touch grass. This is also why people hyper focus on celebrities when they lose weight as I've gone over. It's like a sick relief that they're no longer existing as a bigger person in the public eye. If anything, the ultimate proof of the media's brain rot is the fact that you are getting shocked and startled by what are frankly very common body types. Of the last 10 or 20 people you saw, how many of them are actually not on camera? And then when you start thinking about cameras and movie magic and how none of this is real in the first place, it all just starts sounding ultimately ridiculous because it is. Anyway, here's another one. "straining the healthcare system." This might be one of my favorite go-tos from fat folks because of how little sense it makes. First of all, if you're saying this and you're in America, what healthcare system? Where is this mystical healthcare system of which you speak? And secondly, you're just saying nothing. Obesity is a health issue. People generally care for their health via healthcare. So it's funny how I never hear this getting brought up with any other medical condition other than obesity. Are you mad at people who break their arms because casts cost money? Do you think that people who need antibiotics should feel bad for using resources? What is being taken away from you just because someone with obesity dared to exist and care about their health? People with obesity are bad because they chose to be obese or as they really love to reword it because they get to pretend it sounds better. People with obesity don't have enough willpower to lose the weight, which literally means the same thing. So I think this gets brought up a lot in response to obesity as a medical issue, but it's really not the got you they think it is. It's okay that, say deaf people need hearing aids because it's not their fault, but it's bad that some people need other forms of care because being fat is something you do to yourself. And the truth of the matter is this, if it was a willpower issue, literally nobody would be unhealthy. We would all just will ourselves to not have the issue. Hello? But the fact that this isn't the case is clearly indicative of a larger problem here. Say you have a hundred children, one of them fails. Well, that might be the child, they didn't study. What if 70 of them fail? Would you say it's each and every one of them's fault? Or would you say it's more likely that it's the teacher's fault? And while seeing as 2.5 million people are dealing with overweight or obesity according to the World Health Organization, I think it's safe to say that it's the teacher's fault here. The teacher of course being the multiple obvious factors in society that set people up for dealing with these issues. The problem is not willpower. The problem is not the people. The problem is the environment that they find themselves and the food environment that they find themselves in. As the World Health Organization says, "The obesogenic environment exacerbating the likelihood of obesity in individuals, populations and in different settings is related to structural factors limiting the availability of healthy, sustainable food at locally affordable prices, lack of safe and easy physical mobility into the daily life of all people, and absence of adequately legal and regulatory environment." If you can diet and exercise yourself past all of that. All of those roadblocks to being healthy in this environment, then just be happy for yourself and mind your own business. But if someone can't, why would you blame them for a problem they did not create? Not everyone is the same. People like that get really hung up on this idea of equality. If I did it, then so can everyone else. And equality is definitely a beautiful end goal, but these same people have no idea that it starts with equity, which is making sure that everyone has the resources they need to achieve equality in the first place. Spoiler alert, different people need different resources. Many people can lose weight with diet and physical activity alone. I don't want you to think that I think that it's not possible to do, but what do you do if that doesn't work? This last fat phobic thing I'm going to go over is probably the most common one I see because the people saying so have actually deluded themselves into believing it with their entire heart. People with obesity aren't bad actually, but I'm just bringing it up because I'm so concerned for their health. But are you concerned about their mental health? Are you going to recommend that they get screened for cancer? Are you concerned that they're drinking enough water and getting enough sleep? First of all, again, you should just be minding your own business in general. But if you're concerned for someone's health only extends to the one thing about them that you can see externally, then you're not really concerned for their health at all, are you? You're just concerned about what you're seeing. When I said concern for people's health is often just a thinly veiled discrimination for not fitting beauty standards, this is what I was referring to. I'm just worried these people say, but are you worried about the people who others may assume are healthy but still may have problems that are just invisible to you? They could have all manner of issues as well. You don't get to assume whether or not someone is healthy no matter what their body looks like. You're just nosy and you're probably wrong. So those are some ways in which this creeps up in day-to-day conversation and people act like it's no big deal because they don't even realize what they're saying. And when you unpack how fat phobia is an issue of obesity being morally bad, it immediately explains why people have such an aversion to weight loss medication. If obesity is a morality issue, then people "deserve punishment" in the form having to struggle through weight loss with no help or on their own no matter what their body actually needs, or at least that's what some people genuinely believe. And if people deserve to suffer, then Ozempic must be cheating. Even Oprah talked about this. She has an online subscription service called Oprah Daily, where paying subscribers can access exclusive content on demand and Oprah fans of sorts. And in the special she did there, she said the following... I felt, I've got to do this on my own. I've got to do this on my own because if I take the drug, that's the easy way out. Now I hear about triple G and I'm like [inaudible 01:03:30] She goes on to say that her perspective did change over time, but it's easy to see why she had it in the first place. Society hates the idea of body fat so much, but then criticizes any and every method by which people try to lose said body fat. It's not even really about wanting people to be healthier, it's about wanting them to suffer. They don't want there to be an easy way out because this means that the thing they believe made them exceptional no longer makes them superior to others in any way. And if that's not a sure sign of bigotry, then I don't know what is. The thing that is being lost in the discussion is that these medications are a huge advance in the treatment of serious obesity. It's said that something that is objectively good and helpful to millions of people, if not more, is being completely overshadowed by rich people misappropriating these drugs when they don't need them, and society at large shaming the people who actually do. It's not just we've missed the point. It's we've got the whole thing completely backwards. But hopefully as we can start to unpack some of these fat phobic notions that are seen as completely acceptable for some reason, maybe we can start moving in the right direction So this is actually a topic I've been asked about before, but I was always pretty hesitant about giving answers to since it usually has nothing to do with my content, until today. So as I mentioned towards the beginning of the video, I myself have lost a fairly significant amount of weight over the years, and it was definitely something I used to struggle with. Like I said, as a kid, I was pretty thin, so by the time I found myself putting on extra weight, I didn't even know what was happening or why it was happening or what I could do about it. I went from zero to 100 real quick, as they say. My YouTube career picked up a few years ago, right towards the tail end of me trying to figure out how to address this. And by the time I actually blew up on YouTube, I had already lost all of my excess weight, but it had only just happened at that time. So back when I actually used to use Twitter before I realized that literally nothing of value has ever been added to my life from that platform, I used to post selfies for fun. I would post a comparison photo like, "Look at my jawline nowadays," or "Hey, check it out. I actually have cheekbones." And I was mostly doing it because I was proud of myself and I thought people would find the post interesting. As we established, we love a good transformation. Most of the comments were just congratulatory, but there was the odd one every now and then that asked, "But how did you do it?" I would say really vague things like, "Oh, I stopped drinking soda," or, "Oh, I just deleted the Uber Eats app." But I realized that I was super uncomfortable with the idea of giving anybody else advice on what to do with their body. And that's because when I was in the same boat, more advice was actually the last thing I needed. I used to seek out explanations online from people who were thinner than me. Hoping that if I just stumbled across the right combination of video tutorials and blog posts, I would eventually unlock the missing piece that would make me skinny again. But then one day it kind of hit me, the methods that other people use to lose weight don't matter to me at all because I am not those other people. I may have wanted to look the same in the end, but we have different bodies. They could give me dietary advice, but we might experience hunger in a completely different way. They could give me exercise advice, but I guarantee we would have two different body types in terms of musculature. And then I realized this, we could both lose the exact same amount of weight and look completely different in the end. So instead of telling you what to do with your body when I am not a doctor and also not you, here's my ultimate weight loss advice for anybody who may have wondered about it. What I eat and how much exercise I do are not as useful to the average person as the changes I experienced in my mindset. When I really started thinking about myself and what I wanted out of weight loss differently, I started having a much easier time achieving my goals. I basically had to lose the weight of comparison and expectations in my brain first. And so here's how I did it. Step one, I realized that I would have no idea what my ideal body actually looks like until I reached my healthiest point. And then whatever that is, that's me. My ideal body did not already exist on someone else. There are a lot of ideals that society idolizes 24/7, but those are not me. And I had to stop internalizing that idealization and holding it up as the end goal for myself. So a huge part of my motivation was just figuring out what would I look like at my healthiest. I had to accept the end product before I was able to even begin. And that right off the bat allowed me to let go of so much frustration that came from, "I'm following this person's advice, but I don't look like them." Honestly, I was never going to, but that doesn't mean that there's not an absolute best version of me and that version is not worth more or less than anybody else. Step two, I had to stop othering my ideal self. In my head, there was a really sharp distinction between me at that time and the person I was trying to be. If you ask me, I probably wouldn't have realized it, but in retrospect, I genuinely believed that current D'Angelo and skinny D'Angelo were two different people. There was this alternate, thinner version of me somewhere in the future who didn't struggle with any of this and was super active and ate intuitively and all that jazz. But literally just shifting my mindset and saying, "I am not skinnier D'Angelo, but healthier D'Angelo." And I am that person right now, was huge. I am that person who will one day be healthier. That person is not a more palatable alternative to me. Really, I had to look at myself in the mirror and say, "That person who I think is better than me is me." And a lot of things fell into place after that. Step three, I had to relearn my own feelings. So this last one I think was by far the most important. I grew up in an environment where I was never actually asked if I was hungry. It was more like, "Here, three meals a day, seconds of it tasted good and always finish your meal in its entirety." In my mind, that was what eating meant. Three meals a day, more if you want it, don't waste your food. And because I never really stopped to ask if I was hungry, I say with absolutely no exaggeration or humor that for 20 years I didn't really know what being hungry meant. I thought I knew, but I didn't. I knew what I want food felt like, and I thought that that was hunger, but I realized they're actually not the same thing at all. And so my solution for this one wasn't a one and done thing. This is something I still have to do. Whenever I think I'm hungry, I stop and ask myself, "How do you feel though?" And by the way, if the answer is "I feel hungry," and if you keep playing armchair psychologist, I'm about to fight, then the answer is, "I will just eat food." But over the years, I realized that nine times out of 10, that's not generally the answer for me. The three top things I realized that my brain interprets as hunger are boredom, being around food and here's the kicker. "A couple of hours ago when I was eating, I was happier than I feel right now. So I should probably just go back to doing that." That last one really put some things in perspective for me about how my brain works. But even just being somewhat conscious of what I was eating and more importantly why I was eating it and how that was going to make me feel before I did it, went a long So my ultimate workout plan was actually working out why I was unhealthy in the first place. And for me, a lot of this unhealthiness was completely mental. The diet and exercise of it all was frankly something I never would've been able to stick to when I was dealing with all of that confusion. It's like trying to follow a tutorial without knowing what it's. For you, it's your job to work out what works for you. Nobody can give you the secret, but that's actually a good thing. There is no secret. You can be healthy and you deserve to be healthy. So talk to your doctor and your therapist, and most importantly yourself, to figure out what insights can bring you closer to your goals. Skinny doesn't equal healthy, so be healthy. I can absolutely promise you, you will look great. But I can also tell you it doesn't matter because we out here trying to practice body neutrality. How much is mental versus how much is physical will differ for every person. Like me, maybe you'll need Ozempic, maybe you'll need more therapy. Maybe it's just a mild attitude change or maybe it's a huge realization. Maybe you need it all or maybe you need none. Either way, you definitely have the power to find out. And when you find what works to make you the healthiest, whatever that answer is, anyone who has a problem with it can kick rocks. Respectfully, of course. Well, folks, there you have it, Ozempic discourse. While it has been fun to go through and look at this from all these different angles, I do want to reiterate something important here. At the end of the day, nobody's opinion on this drug actually matters when it comes to the people who really need it. Usually, I'm all for sitting here and saying, "Yeah, nuance is important. Be receptive to a wide range of perspectives." But in this case, we're talking about people's To Hollywood, this may be nothing but a trend, but to everyone else, it's a real issue affecting real people. There is never going to be a case where someone else's opinion is going to be more important than your own mental and physical health. Ozempic is a good step forward for people who need it. Medical advancements are great, and while it's somewhat sad that the excitement of sudden advancements has gotten somewhat bogged down by annoyingly persistent issues like greed, fatphobia, and classism, I believe that this is still a fairly substantial if imperfect step in the right direction. But that being said, today's video was also sponsored by Novo Nordisk. I'm kidding. Just kidding. Anyways, that's pretty much all I have to Sorry, the video's over. I know you wanted to watch it till end of time. This was the most fun you've ever had in your life or whatever. But don't worry, I'll upload another one quite soon or never, honestly. Guess who just got to subscribe and figure out which one's which. Thanks. Bye. First of all, I can't get their theme song out of my head. Oh my god!

- O que não te contam sobre Ozempic? Armadilhas alimentares e padrões de beleza: Kind: captions Language: en The world is governed by beauty standards where we are constantly tempted by high-calorie foods and where time is money. A promising product emerges capable of satisfying our desires for a more beautiful body, and the name of this product is Em Pique. Originally used in the treatment of type 2 diabetes, the substance that composes it, called cemaglutide, received approval from ANVISA (Brazilian Health Regulatory Agency) at the beginning of 2023 for use in the treatment of obesity. To go into very technical details, cemaglutide helps reduce glucose production, increases the feeling of satiety, and burns body fat. Scientific studies have shown that cemaglutide, for example, really helps obese patients lose weight. Studies show that up to 15 or 17% of body weight is lost in up to a year and a half of treatment. So, if you were looking for a solution to achieve your ideal shape, Em Pique is your great ally. Or is it really? Because when something is trendy, when something is hyped, that's when we need to pay even more attention. In this video, we'll see how Em Pique works. The result of a society that has an ideal body standard, a society full of high-calorie foods, and a society that constantly seeks shortcuts to achieve its goals—who doesn't want to feel beautiful? We feel good when someone compliments us. There are even studies showing that more beautiful people are considered more successful in their professional and personal lives, are considered more intelligent, are hired more often, and receive raises more frequently. Furthermore, other studies associate beauty with happiness, confidence, and financial advantages. So, of course, we want to feel beautiful, but what is beauty? Does it exist in innate standards, or is it something more subjective? This is a question that has been debated for centuries, millennia, and we wo n't go into too much detail, but in general, research indicates that it's a bit of both. There are some standards that we find more attractive, just as society, culture, the environment, and the subjective perception of each individual also play a fundamental role in what each person considers beauty to be. It's no coincidence that beauty standards have changed throughout history; for example, Egyptian women had waists... In ancient Greece, beautiful women were tall with narrow hips, wore unibrows, had large breasts, and round faces. In medieval Japan, beauty was associated with pale skin, round, rosy cheeks, and small lips. In Renaissance Italy, beauty criteria included being tall and having blonde hair. Therefore, being a socio- cultural environment, one of the predominant factors in defining beauty is what society dictates as beautiful. This enters people's imagination, creating a beauty standard, and currently, in our society, the standard is related to thinness—a standard of a thin body. Even though there have been some strong and important movements of body acceptance, the beauty standard continues to be thinness, and the use of Usain Pics brings to light exactly this, showing how thinness is still a strong standard. Given that its implications have exploded in sales, are being widely discussed, and there is even research that has shown that multiple exposures to thin bodies alter the participant's perception of the ideal body, making them more likely to find thin bodies more beautiful. Many people resort to Usain Pics not only to solve problems. Health concerns, addressing comorbidities, losing weight, feeling healthier, but also aiming to feel more beautiful and be more accepted by society. It's no coincidence that even people who aren't significantly overweight and don't have problems that would be considered overweight end up using weight-loss products because they feel the need to be more accepted by society, to feel more beautiful in the face of this ideal of beauty and so much pressure. One would imagine that people would be getting thinner over time, but the opposite seems to be the case. In Brazil, for example, more than half of the population is overweight, about 60%, almost a third of people are obese, and obesity has a genetic influence, which is very well documented in scientific literature. But we can't talk about obesity without also talking about high-calorie foods or our diet, our culture. This influences not only people who have this genetic predisposition but also people who don't meet the growing availability of high-calorie foods. It's a challenge because we have a natural tendency to like foods rich in fat and sugar, those foods that provide energy and have many calories. High calories are a major factor because we were shaped over millions of years of evolution to like these foods that were somewhat rare in our environment. So we learned to like them in order to store that energy to use when needed. But nowadays, in the society we live in, there is a great availability and ease of access. This has n't given us time to adapt to this great change that took millions of years for us to learn to like these foods and live in this environment, and which has completely changed in just a few decades. We end up completely at the mercy of this society of excess high-calorie foods that are sold and advertised all the time. It's no wonder that many people have difficulty maintaining a healthy weight given the availability of high-calorie foods and their strong advertising. There is also a theory that helps explain some of this difficulty people have in losing weight, and this theory is associated with inflammation in the hypothalamus, suggesting that excessive consumption of high-calorie foods can lead to damage to the nerves responsible for responding to weight-regulating hormones like leptin. This results in leptin resistance. The brain is unable to properly recognize satiety signals, leading to a reduction in metabolism and an increase in appetite. This is due to hypothalamic issues, resulting in significant difficulty for patients in losing weight, even when exercising. As I said, this is still a theory being studied by researchers, but we have a recent study, including one from this year, that provides further evidence of this causal effect of consuming high-calorie foods with brain damage in these weight regulation areas. This explains why many patients, when they stop taking the medication, regain all the weight they lost, some even more, because it's possible that their brain system is so damaged that they would have to take medication for life. We have everything in Nature, which shows precisely that patients can maintain this weight loss, but only while they are taking the medication. The moment they stop taking the medication, they regain the weight. Given that overweight affects most of the population, and obesity affects a third of the population, many people may suffer from stroke, heart attack, diabetes, etc., and for these groups, interventions such as the medication are necessary to be great allies, especially considering the high costs to the healthcare system. A billionaire due to problems associated with obesity in the United States alone, for example, reaches up to 173 billion per year. While the use of the drug "Duas em Pique" (a Brazilian slang term for a specific medication or drug) is necessary in these cases, we need to recognize that in many cases it's only a symptomatic treatment of something larger in our society. The third reason for the boom in " Duas em Pique," like many other medications, has to do with the fast-paced world we live in, which always seeks quick answers to problems that often only address the symptom and not the root cause of what's leading people to have these problems. When it comes to our health and well-being, this impulse to need shortcuts becomes even more evident. The pressure for the ideal body, the thin body, which is incessantly promoted by the media, social networks, advertising, etc., often leads us to seek solutions to achieve the desired body. It would be ridiculous to stick a needle in your stomach, like with "Duas em Pique," once a week and in a few months you would have the ideal body. But history shows that these quick solutions often come at the expense of long-term problems. The use of "Duas em Pique" for... The trend of faking weight loss is still growing, according to some long-term studies. We don't know what effects this may have over time. In any case, this search for shortcuts and quick solutions is a direct response to the expressions and demands of the society in which we live. Our culture of fast, instant consumption, coupled with unrealistic beauty expectations, creates a cycle that drives us to seek quick answers to complex problems. These issues are complex and require a holistic approach to provide adequate treatment. To face these challenges, we need to adopt a transformation of thought and a more balanced approach to our relationship with our bodies. We need to be aware of the impacts of high-calorie foods on our physical and mental health and seek professional help when necessary. We must join forces to combat these food industries and not swallow their advertising whole. We shouldn't become dependent on medication to treat a problem caused by food or the pressure of an ideal body. So tell me, do you feel good? Do you feel bad? Do you need to take any medication? Tell me more and kisses. [Music]

- Hims & Hers Stock Alert: The Novo Nordisk Deal Changes Everything: Kind: captions Language: en So, when you look at a stock that has just completely plummeted from its highs, what are you seeing? Are you seeing a falling trend flashing these uh glaring sell signals or are you looking at a deeply undervalued strong buy? >> Right. The classic dilemma. >> Exactly. I mean, are you catching a falling knife or staring at the bargain of the decade? Because right now, Hims and Hers health ticker symbol HIMS is absolutely breaking Wall Street's brain. >> It really is. >> Yeah. And today is Sunday, March 29th, 2026. This company just posted near 60% revenue growth. Yet somehow the stock spent last month down roughly 80% from its previous highs. So today we're figuring out why. Welcome to the deep dive. >> Thanks. Yeah, it's um it's essentially the ultimate roar shock test for investors right now. >> A roar shock test. I like that. Yeah, because you look at the exact same chart, the exact same underlying business data and depending on your investing philosophy, you see two completely different realities. So, we are pulling apart their latest income statements, the balance sheet, the cash flow, the technical charts, and uh this massive short interest battle happening under the surface to see what is actually driving this volatility. Real quick before we get into the weeds, if you're watching this on our YouTube channel, hit that like button, subscribe, and genuinely leave a comment with your feedback. Let us know if you think this stock is a trap or a treasure. >> We definitely read the comments. >> We do. And just to lay our cards on the table right from the jump. We're here to dig into the data and have a real objective debate for your education. We look at the numbers, but this is strictly not financial advice. >> Right. Absolutely not financial advice. You were the one clicking the buy or sell buttons in your own portfolio. >> Yeah, we provide the map but you drive the car and uh the map for HIMS right now is incredibly complex. I mean the divergence between the company's operational reality meaning how much money they're actually making and their stock chart is just staggering. >> Okay, let's unpack this business performance because the sheer scale of the money coming in is well it's jaw-dropping. >> It really is. I'm looking at the fiscal year 2025 income statement here and HIMS generated 2.35 billion in trailing 12 months revenue >> which is huge >> huge and for anyone new to that term that just means the total revenue over the last four quarters 2.35 billion that is a 59% year-over-year increase >> yeah nearly 60% growth at that scale is rare >> right and they aren't just burning venture capital cash in a furnace to buy those customers. You know, they maintain profitability for a second consecutive year with $128.4 million in net income. They are hitting GAP profitability. >> And that is a crucial distinction right there. GAP, which stands for generally accepted accounting principles, right? Hitting GAP profitability means they are making real accounting verified money, >> not the fake money. >> Exactly. They aren't relying on that uh adjusted tech startup fantasy math where you just conveniently ignore stock-based compensation and pretend you're profitable. >> Oh, I hate that. >> Right. But HIMS actually has a self- sustaining profitable business model. And to understand why that is so impressive, you have to look at their evolution. I mean, they transitioned from being a somewhat niche teleaalth provider known primarily for like hair loss and ED treatments. >> Yeah. The subway ads. >> Exactly. the subway ads, but they turned that into a fully diversified healthcare platform offering everything from dermatology to weight loss. >> Well, and I'm looking at their balance sheet right now, and it reflects a company that is basically preparing for war. They are sitting on $577.5 million in total cash as of the most recent quarter. >> A massive war chest. >> But I did notice a wrinkle when looking at the cash flow statement. Their free cash flow dipped down to $57.4 million for the year. if they are making so much more in revenue, why is the free cash flow dropping? Like where is that cash going? >> So that dip isn't actually a sign of weakness. It's a conscious um strategic choice by management. >> Okay. >> They are pouring money into physical infrastructure, compounding facilities and acquisitions to support a massive scaling phase. >> Ah, I see. >> Yeah. They're essentially building the physical and digital plumbing for a much larger enterprise. When you are trying to scale a multibillion dollar healthcare logistics network, you have to spend heavy cash upfront to ensure you can actually, you know, deliver the products to the millions of new subscribers you're bringing in. >> Okay, that makes sense. But building that plumbing and specifically moving into these new medical territories, that's come with some serious growing pains on the margin side. >> Oh, definitely. >> Yeah. Looking at the quarterly and annual breakdowns, the gross margin dropped from 79% down to 74%. And from the reports we pulled, that compression is directly tied to their aggressive expansion into the GLP-1 weight loss segment. >> Right. So the GLP-1 drugs are those blockbuster weight loss medications you hear about everywhere. Right. >> The ones everyone in Hollywood is supposedly on. >> Exactly. Him started offering compounded versions of these drugs and they are massive revenue drivers because consumer demand is just through the roof. but they carry a much heavier underlying cost to produce and distribute compared to say a generic hair loss pill. >> So, it's a volume game. >> Yeah. >> Think of it like a um a local boutique cupcake bakery, right? They normally sell highly decorated custom wedding cakes with a massive profit margin. >> Nice analogy. Yeah. >> Right. But suddenly they land a contract to sell basic blueberry muffins wholesale to a chain of grocery stores. M the overall profit pie is much much bigger because of the sheer volume of muffins moving out the door. >> Thousands of muffins. >> Exactly. But you make significantly fewer cents on every individual muffin compared to those custom wedding cakes. >> Right. The volume makes up for the margin squeeze, which is how they still delivered that 128 million in net income despite the gross margin dropping. >> But here is where the disconnect just breaks my brain. If the volume makes up for the squeeze and the company is banking almost two and a half billion dollars, why did the stock experience such a violent 52- week swing? >> It was brutal. >> Beyond brutal. We looking at a stock that hit a 52- week high of $7043 back in July 2025. Then it absolutely cratered to a 52- week low of $13.74 just last month in February 2026. >> Yeah. I mean, how does a company grow revenue by nearly 60% and lose roughly 80% of its market cap in the exact same window? >> If we connect this to the bigger picture, it comes down to what markets fear most, which is ambiguity. Right. >> Markets are incredibly efficient at pricing in good news, and they can price in bad news, too. What they cannot price in is regulatory uncertainty. >> The gray area. >> Exactly. And with HIMS, you had this massive collision between explosive revenue growth and a looming regulatory gray area. Specifically, the market panicked over how HIMS was sourcing those highly lucrative GLP-1 weight loss drugs. >> Right, the compounding issue, >> right? They were operating in a space that felt temporary to institutional investors. The market looked at that risk, assumed the weight loss revenue stream could be forcibly shut off by the government overnight, and just heavily discounted the stock. >> Okay, so that fear explains the massive drop down to 13 bucks. But it also sets the stage for the incredible whiplash we've seen in the quote and history over the last few weeks. >> Total whiplash. >> Yeah. Because as we sit here today, the stock isn't at that $13 low anymore. It's currently trading right around $19.38 to $20.58, >> which is a huge bounce, >> massive. We saw an explosive 41% single day surge on March 9th, 2026. And the catalyst for that was breaking news of a patent settlement with Novo Nordisk. Yeah, that settlement seemed to part the clouds of ambiguity. It gave HIMS a legal recognized pathway to sell branded obesity drugs safely rather than just relying entirely on the compounded gray area, >> which was the big fear. >> Exactly. But we have to look deeper at the mechanics of the market to understand why the stock jumped 41% in a single day. >> Yeah. Because that's not normal. >> No, it wasn't just value investors slowly waking up and trickling back in. It was a violent repricing event driven by underlying order flow. Right now, short interest on HIMS is sitting at an extremely high 40.2%. >> Okay, wait. Over 40% short interest is a staggering metric. >> It's massive. >> Walk us through the actual mechanism of a short squeeze here because a 41% jump is unnatural. How does high short interest act like rocket fuel when positive news hits? Okay, think of short selling like a highstakes game of musical shares. >> Okay, >> when short interest is at 40.2%, it means over 40% of the available tradable shares have been borrowed by investors who immediately sold them. They are actively betting the price will go down. >> So, they don't even own the shares, >> right? They don't own them. They owe them to someone else. Eventually, they are legally obligated to buy shares back in the open market to return them and close their position. >> So, they need the price to drop to buy them back cheaper and pocket the difference. >> Exactly. But when a surprise positive catalyst hits, like a major patent settlement with a massive pharmaceutical giant, the stock price starts to tick up. >> Oh boy. >> Suddenly, all those short sellers are losing money fast. The music stops. They panic and they rush into the market all at the exact same time to buy shares to cover their positions and stop the bleeding. >> And that forced buying pushes the price up even faster. >> Yes. which then forces the next level of short sellers to buy, creating this vicious mechanical cycle upwards. They're literally forced to buy a chair at whatever price the market demands. >> That is exactly what a squeeze is. That 40.2% short interest is essentially a powder keg. And the Novo Nordisk settlement was the match. As long as short interest remains that elevated, any positive news sets up the potential for further violent squeezes because so many traders are caught leaning the wrong way. >> Wait. Okay. Before we crown this settlement a massive company saving victory, I was looking through their SEC filings this morning. If this Novo settlement is a golden ticket that clears their path to billions in GLP1 revenue, why hasn't a single executive bought a share of their own stock in a year? >> Yeah, the insider selling, >> right? We are tracking who is buying and selling and there is zero insider buys in 12 months. Meanwhile, substantial selling by executives persists. If you're the CEO and you know the stock is a steal at 20 bucks because it was at 70 bucks a year ago, wouldn't you be loading the boat? >> I mean, it is a glaring contradiction. >> It's weird. >> It is. But insider selling is a notoriously complex metric. Executives sell for plenty of mundane reasons. They have scheduled tax obligations. They are, you know, buying a house or they are just diversifying their personal wealth because 90% of their net worth is tied up in company stock, >> right? RSUs and all that. Yeah, it doesn't automatically mean they think the ship is sinking. >> Sure, but the complete absence of buying is what sets off alarm bells for me. >> Yes, that's the real issue. The lack of insider buying at these historically depressed levels signals a lack of internal confidence that the stock is severely undervalued in the near term. >> Exactly. >> And more importantly, regardless of the executives's actual personal financial reasons, persistent insider selling acts as a wet blanket on retail investor sentiment. When everyday traders see the seauite dumping shares, they think, "Well, what did they know that I don't?" >> Right? When retail investors see CEOs selling, they panic. And you can see that exact hesitation visually mapped out on the stock's daily chart right now. >> Let's look at the technical analysis and the current trend direction. >> Let's do it. >> The stock is absolutely battling to find a floor. Immediate resistance, like the ceiling it keeps bumping its head against, is sitting right above the current price at $22.22. And then there's a harder ceiling at $24.30. >> And you know, technical indicators aren't magic. They are just visual representations of mass human psychology. Right now, HIMS is trading below its 50-day moving average, which sits at $2346. In the psychology of trading, the 50-day moving average represents the short-term trend. >> So, staying consistently below that line means short-term sellers are still in control of the immediate narrative. The stock is definitely showing short-term weakness, >> but it isn't in a total freef fall either. I mean, we are seeing key support holding right around the 200 day moving average, which is in that $18.50 to $19.15 zone. >> Buyers are defending that area aggressively >> because the 200 day moving average is widely viewed by institutional algorithms and large funds as the ultimate line in the sand. >> A big one. >> Yeah. It's the border between a long-term bull market and a long-term bare market. The fact that buyers step in every time it dips to 1850 shows that value investors believe the underlying business is too strong to let it fall any further. >> So, what does this all mean? If we look at the momentum right now, right in the middle of this battle between support and resistance, what are the indicators actually saying? >> Well, what's fascinating here is the momentum tells a story of exhaustion and skepticism. Okay, >> the RSI, the relative strength index is sitting at 35.2 on the daily chart. >> And RSI measures the speed and change of price movements, right? On a scale of 0 to 100. >> Exactly. And anything near 30 is considered oversold. So a 35.2 suggests the intense selling pressure might be running out of steam. >> Good news for bulls. >> But if you look at the MAXD, which is a trend following momentum indicator, it is sitting at0.61, 61, >> meaning the broader trend is still pointing downward despite the recent pop. >> Yes, even with that massive 41% surge on March 9th, the MAXD remaining negative tells us the broader market is still deeply skeptical. It is literally a tugof-war. >> Yeah, a standoff. >> On one side, you have value seekers looking at the oversold RSI and the strong 200 day support saying this is the bottom. On the other side, traders and algorithms fear further downside pushing it away from that 50-day moving average. >> Okay, because the technicals show this tugofwar, let's lay out the exact arguments on both sides of that rope. Is this a dangerous value trap or is it fundamentally undervalued growth? Let's look at the valuation ratings and signals. >> Good idea. >> The forward price to earnings ratio is 39.07. >> 39, >> right? Meaning investors are paying $39 for every $1 of expected future earnings. For a traditional value investor, that's a little rich. But then you look at the price to sales ratio over the trailing 12 months and it is only 2.13. >> And that 2.13 price to sales multiple is the absolute crux of the bull argument, >> right? Because for a company growing revenue at nearly 60% year-over-year, trading at barely two times its sales sounds insanely cheap to some analysts. We routinely see software and tech companies with half that growth trade at 10 to 15 times sales. It's no wonder the analyst consensus right now is a blend of hold and buy ratings. There are very few sell signals from major institutions. >> True. >> The average analyst price target is $24.15 implying a solid 20 to 25% upside from where we sit today. And the high target is all the way up at $30 flat. So, let's clearly outline the bull versus bear cases so you, the listener, can weigh both sides of the recovery scenario versus a continuation lower. >> The bull case is anchored on three very strong pillars. First is the GLP1 expansion, >> which we touched on, >> right? Post Novo Nordisk settlement, hems has a clear legal pathway to sell branded obesity drugs safely. That is a multi-billion dollar total addressable market that they are now officially invited to participate in without looking over their shoulder. >> Okay, that's pillar one. And pillar two is their scaling efficiency. They have achieved rapid user scaling with incredibly low customer acquisition costs compared to the legacy healthcare system. >> Their marketing engine is just incredibly optimized. >> And the third pillar is the holy grail for a growth stock. >> Hitting true gap profitability. Yes, hitting gap profitability while maintaining 50 plus% growth. Achieving that in the teleaalth sector is exceptionally rare. Usually companies sacrifice profit to gain market share or they sacrifice growth to turn a profit. >> Right. You pick one. >> Exactly. But HIMS is currently delivering both simultaneously. That is the best case recovery scenario right there. >> But the Bears have a very loud megaphone right now too. And their primary argument revolves around massive terrifying competitive pressure. We aren't talking about small startups trying to steal market share. We are talking about the heaviest of heavyweights. >> Oh yeah, the giants. >> You have Eli Liy launching Lily Direct where the pharmaceutical manufacturer goes straight to the consumer cutting out the middleman entirely. And then you have the ultimate disruptor, Amazon clinic. Both of them are actively moving to directly undercut him's pricing models. >> And this is where we have to look at the mechanism of the business models. When a behemoth like Amazon decides it wants a piece of your industry, investors get rightfully terrified. >> Oh, for sure. >> Amazon doesn't care if they lose $10 on a telealth visit. They can operate Amazon clinic as a loss leader. The goal isn't to make money on the doctor's visit. The goal is to keep you locked into the Amazon Prime ecosystem where they make their real billions. >> Hims cannot do that. Tellahalth is their only product. They have to make a profit on the actual medical transaction. That structural disadvantage is huge. But here's where it gets really interesting. Because even with Amazon and Eli Liy breathing down their necks, competition isn't the biggest elephant in the room. >> No, it's not. >> The ultimate downside risk here. The reason retail traders often get utterly trapped in these high growth names is regulatory risk. We're tracking ongoing Department of Justice and FDA probes into the marketing of compounded drugs. How quickly could that halt sales? Well, this is the primary headwind keeping the stock suppressed. To understand this risk, you have to understand the mechanism of compoundingarmacies. Okay. Hymns is legally allowed to sell compounded generic versions of these blockbuster GLP-1 drugs only because the FDA currently lists the name brand drugs as being in a national shortage. >> Oh, I see. >> Yeah. It is a regulatory loophole designed to ensure patients can get medicine when the primary manufacturer can't keep up with demand. But the second the primary manufacturer ramps up production and the FDA declares the shortage is over, that loopholes snap shut. >> Precisely. And this is why retail traders get trapped. They look at the massive revenue growth. They look at the cheap 2.13 price to sales ratio and they think they found a hidden gem. But they are ignoring the binary nature of this risk. >> Binary like a light switch. >> Exactly. A regulatory crackdown or the end of a shortage isn't like a slow, predictable decline in sales. It is a light switch. The FDA can issue guidance tomorrow that drastically restricts how compounded weight loss medications are prescribed or they just declare the shortage over. >> And if that happens, >> if that happens, a massive, highly profitable chunk of HIM's projected revenue vanishes instantly. The market prices in that binary risk by keeping the stock trading at a heavy discount. >> Wow. So the stock is cheap entirely because of the fear that the government will flip the switch. If the switch never gets flipped, the stock is massively undervalued. If it does get flipped, it is a classic value trap. >> That is the exact dilemma. >> So how do we synthesize this outlook? >> Well, you have to separate your timeline. In the short-term outlook, expect extreme volatility. Traders are going to be anxiously watching that $20 psychological level. If it breaks below that consistently, the technical damage will invite more short sellers to pile in. But if it holds and the company drops a positive press release, that 40% short interest could easily trigger another violent squeeze upward. and the long-term perspective. >> Long-term, the outlook is highly bullish, but with a massive asterisk. It is bullish if and only if management can successfully navigate this regulatory minefield, transition smoothly away from the shortage loophole using their new brand name partnerships and execute on their stated 2030 revenue target of $6.5 billion, >> which is a huge target. >> It is. If they actually hit 6.5 billion in revenue, today's price is around $20 will look like an absolute steal in hindsight. Our goal today was to arm you with the underlying mechanics so you can think critically about those exact scenarios. Yeah, >> we want you to look at that 6.5 billion long-term target, look at the 40% short interest powder keg, understand the FDA shortage loophole, and make an informed decision about the reality of this company's future. >> This raises an important question though, one that should really guide your thinking as you track this stock moving forward. Let's assume the absolute best case scenario. >> Okay, I'm listening. Let's say HIMS navigates the FDA perfectly. The regulatory probes vanish. They hit that incredibly ambitious 6.5 billion revenue target by the year 2030. >> A massive victory for the bull, >> right? But in that same time frame, what if massive well-unded players like Amazon Clinic successfully normalize wholesale rock bottom pricing for teleaalth across the entire industry? >> Oh wow. >> Yeah. If Amazon uses Tellah Health entirely as a loss leader to sell Prime memberships for the next four years, will HIMYM's sheer revenue growth even matter at that point or will their profit margins be squeezed down to absolute zero just to compete? >> A race to the bottom in telealth pricing where nobody wins except the consumer. That is a terrifying thought for a growth investor and it brings us right back to our opening question. Is this a misunderstood, highly profitable powerhouse or a trap waiting to spring? We'll leave you to mle that over. Don't forget to drop your thoughts in the comments. Keep digging. Keep questioning the consensus.

- Tiktok's skinny/chubby trend is toxic: Kind: captions Language: en quick heads up lovelies we're going to be talking about weight gain weight loss and EDS in this video and I'm going to be showing these images of these people with like these filters that they've used on them so they're all altered so if that is too much for you today I completely understand I will see you next time hope you have a wonderful rest of your day for the rest of you let's talk about this disturbing Tik Tok Trend because I asked my patrons if they wanted a video on this resounding answer was yes so here we are so how did this whole Trend start so there were these slim women who were using the cap cut fil to be able to AI themselves to have fat bodies and they were posting about it and laughing at it and then quote unquote fat women started using the same AI filter but in Reverse cuz it was a skinny filter to give themselves motivation and they were posting about that this hell is where technology and AI has brought us I don't think it's a good place so if you are not chronically online like me let's have a look at some of the examples here so we can see what people have been posting see some reactions and also just be I have people linked down below with like what they've posted that's just because I want to credit people for the work that they do just like if someone is referencing one of my videos I would want them to credit me hopping on a hate train and going to Choo Cho town to yell at people I don't think is very productive but what we can do is have a wider discussion and critique this you know in a societal sort of level I couldn't find the first person that did this but it was slim women who were using the fat filter this person's caption says jumping on this chubby Trend I can't cope what a unit it even gave me a new tattoo I am screaming where did my neck go please we've got a group of friends next oh expect this if we keep up with Donna kebs Domino's McDonald's breakfast and going to the gym tomorrow oh dear if this doesn't scare me into sticking to the gym I don't know what will on the picture they have the way I burst out laughing basically just a lot of laughing emojis and oh this is what's going to happen to us if we keep eating as much as we do oh this is why I need to keep going to the gym oh this is why I need to keep doing XYZ and yeah just a lot of laughing a lot of mocking of them if they were fat as if being fat was disgusting and then quote unquote fat women were using the filter to see what they would look like if they were skinny seeing how I look slim for motivation seeing how I look skinny for motivation another seeing how i' look skinny this one really breaks my heart cuz I feel like they're a teenager their face is covered but it seems like a teenager's room they're saying seeing how i' look skinny for motivation they are a very normalized person and this just breaks my heart this one was super popular I had to go on to Google Translate because I believe it's in German this translates to please believe me a little but only a little sweetheart this just really hurts my heart like we are right back in with the diet culture nonsense that we have been trying to shake off for so many years now you know that I love to read people's comments and one thing which I've been seeing so very often on the skinny girls using the fat filter and laughing about it is people noticing oh we found the mean girls these are the Mean Girls from high school sorry you peaked in high school or something akin to that and that has been across so many people's videos you are a mean girl you're a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] as well as a bunch of people commenting manifesting this for you as in like if the skinny person were to become fat so then they'd know just how cruel people are towards fat people and I also noticed for the women who were using the skinny filter people were commenting princess before princess after and actually on some of the ones where the skinny people went to be fat people uh they were saying like oh I actually prefer you if you were bigger you look better in the after now this could be because people have caught onto the trend and so they're trying to comment all of this stuff to be like actually uh there's not just one way that beauty should look and remember that beauty is different to everybody just because I like to be ultra feminine and dress up like a fairy like I have today that doesn't mean that women have to be hyper feminine in order to be considered beautiful but I've also noticed some people in the comments saying oh people in the comment section need to remember what Kate Moss said as in like remember how we've all been trying to get rid of that whole nothing tastes as good as skinny feels and that nonsense it feels like people even though we've got this huge awareness of EDS and issues it seems like people are really starting to re-embrace it and we'll be getting into that a bit more later and this one hurt because they say trying the chubby filter knowing I'm already chubby and this is is from a very normal siiz person when you look at average size ranges in countries this is very normal but they know to label themselves as chubby because that's the lesson that we've all continued to say because it has to be like double zero or a size eight or 10 in the UK otherwise you're chubby which as mother gothal taught us via a very slim Rapunzel that's a terrible thing to be now one other thing I've noticed is Trend pages and Bots or what I suppose to be Bots uh posting these same sorts of things as well like going to skinny um using this as motivation and obviously these are not their own photos that they're using as a before photo so these are photos of other people that they found around the place and they're using them as their before can you imagine being these people and then seeing this photo which you've taken of yourself and being like oh great now I'm the before for these random people in order to be able to boost this trend or gain money off this trend let's be real because you know even though money on Tik Tok isn't huge like you can still get a lot of money if you get a lot of views fact the people are using this filter and it looks normal on them it's concerning this is what a human face looks like this is not the first time that we've heard apps and filters more of people's faces into different shapes more of people's bodies into different shapes but now it's getting more and more accurate as AI gets better and better now I saw this post on Instagram by Alex light LDN about a month ago I'll link the Instagram for you down below they do really great work this AI apparently shows what someone looks like at each and every weight and wouldn't you know it as the person is losing weight they start to smile and I found the same things on Tik Tok too and this is where once again I say that it's not just women that are battling with unrealistic body standards because men have also been participating in this trend sure they may not be posting it as much as what women will but they probably have been actually doing the cap cut thing to be able to see what they look like before and after but this AI has done a man and a woman as they are losing weight but not only that it then goes on to show what they look like when they start to gain muscle so once they've reached kind of like a quote unquote goal weight of the lowest weight then they start to bulk up and it shows what muscle definition looks like and oh this is just another of those things where people are saying the whole oh this is just motivation for me now ai is making the pipeline to EDS that much easier for people because they can visualize themselves in different states they've got these visuals all over the place they are not having to go have secret Tumblr sort of boards they're not having to do what I did which was Pinterest and have all of this motivation stuff for me like yeah I've been very open with you all that I've struggled with EDS and body dysmorphia AI is now making it so you can apparently see yourself at X Y or Z weight so you can see what would happened if I put the work in even though like everybody's body is different and everyone's got different health issues there's like I said there's disability that comes into play there's chronic illness there's food deserts there is so much stuff I brought this up in this video here where I talked about uglies uh both the book and the movie which the book is better for sure but there's this phenomenon called digital dysmorphia coined from this 2016 paper by Isabelle Koy dilby because we've evolved from critiquing ourselves in front of the mirror and comparing ourselves to our friends AKA The Mean Girls effect to now being able to create quote perfect selves instead perhaps this enablement irrevocably changes definitions of normativity as we alter our relations to the body and image and in the past couple of years in particular we've seen the swing to thin is in I talked about this a couple of years ago with the rise of OIC and woi according to this survey 133% or one in8 people in the US have tried a semi glutide you know such as ozan wo for a brand name example it is medication first and foremost as we know which is primarily used for diabetes and also for heart disease I believe however since it became available for weight loss its popularity has absolutely skyrocketed as a PE Research Center shows from this data from 2024 weight loss drug sales reached a 5year high in 2023 71% of semi glutide revenues came from the US but wait a second weren't people also criticizing OIC face and saying how people were really ugly if they'd been taking OIC how their skin had become so salow and Hollow and it was all droopy and it's like o you're ugly now so what's it going to be skinny or pretty it's like no matter what people can't win because you're told that you have to lose weight and so then people do lose weight and if you lose weight quickly like what Dr Dre actually it is Dr Dre yes Dr Dre shares in this video here um when you do that you do get loose skin and then people are starting to call you ugly it's even happened to people who aren't on semi Glu tiddes I saw a Tik Tok of a girl um who was being told that she looks like she takes OIC because she's got OIC face was it's because obviously you have OIC face well it's the reason why your skin is like really struggling it's like hangy and wrinkly now there is this huge pressure socially but at the same time we still tell people even if they're doing the things that we're saying that they should be doing we're still calling them ugly even if people have dealt with side effects when Tak your semi glue re tired like Sharon Osborne has been very open about people are far more focused on shaming her appearance and calling her ugly and OIC face as opposed to listening to like the very real issues that she's dealing with now the problem is that we're just going to keep seeing more and more of this especially as AI gets better and better like has been said many times this is the worst it's ever going to be every day AI is improving because keeps on feeding off stolen worken but if it keeps on learning from itself we're just going to see like more and more weird things honestly but it's so bad for the environment oh my goodness we don't need to keep on with these AI Trends seriously it's terrible for the environment amazing we live in a cruel world Benny I know what it's like to just be grabbing at your flesh absolutely hate yourself and think you are a terrible unworthy person effectively I know those feelings and so that's why I will continue to be blaring like my sort of messages of like please can we not do this stuff because I know what it's like I've had surgery to deal with my body dysmorphia and it didn't deal with my body dysmorphia do you know what did help me with all of that therapy but also just having this whole body neutrality approach to things that's my Approach in life because I struggle with a chronic illness thanks to co great fun and so I'm just like body neutrality is just the kindest thing for me personally it's not even leaning into the body positivity stuff because it's like oh my body still can't do what it used to do because my lungs don't have the capacity and even though not everybody's aware of these trends when they pop up people have children children people teach children people are around impressionable people I know that people always say as I just did that it's kids that are vulnerable to this adults are vulnerable to it too how many of us have seen parents or caregivers say like oh I need to lose weight oh I need to do this that and the other and have all of that diet culture messaging like I've said here like and then they've imparted that onto you so many women especially have been taught to hate ourselves and the way that our body May naturally form or the things that it may naturally do such as aging gosh o disgusting how dare you it is so prevalent and so common and so it really does break my heart seeing gen Z and soon gen Alpha getting into this same thing which we've been trying to fight against for so very many years I don't want to see people's light dimmed because they're trying to starve themselves for some very simple facts about EDS an estimated 9% of the US population or 28.8 million Americans will have an ed in their lifetime 15% of women suffer from an ed by their 40s or 50s but only 27% receive any treatment for it fewer than 6% of people with EDS are medically diagnosed as underweight in fact people with larger bodies are at the highest risk of having developed an ed in their lives and among people in larger bodies the higher the BMI the higher the risk and this again is why that bullying really bothers me like there is no one body type that can have an ed EDS come in many different forms and all the forms of EDS are mental illness and should be taken seriously they shouldn't get marked anorexia has the highest case mortality rate second highest crude mortality rate of any mental illness and of course race plays into this too you know medical misogyny as I've talked about you combine that with racism especially toward towards black women and then you get misogino while bipo people are affected by EDS at the similar rates overall as their white peers they're about half as likely to be diagnosed hm racism strikes once again and members of the lgbtqia plus Community are at a higher risk of having an ed than heterosexual people overall lgbtqia plus youth are three times more likely to have an ed when compared with their straight peers I'm just very sad to see this diet culture cycle keep on repeating and showing its face in Trends such as these and the thing which bothers me the most is the bullying and the people laughing if they turn to fat uh people in these AI images and it's like we as much as I like to think that we keep on progressing when I see this stuff still happening it just it hurts it makes me really sad cuz I know that I've been trying to help influence people same as so many people have been trying to do work in this space to just quite simply say hey bodies are bodies maybe we should value people for more than like just this weird aesthetic thing the world is burning our energy is finite and yet we're spending our time focused on our insecurity is I would love and I mean genuinely love If people could just stop commenting on other people's bodies if you notice they lose weight or gain weight or whatever why comment on it it doesn't need to be commented on basically like if someone brings up oh I've just done a personal best on this bench press or like whatever be like damn that's amazing congratulations but we don't need to keep on valuing People based on if they gain or lose weight or whatever normally let's be real it is about losing weight and you don't know the circumstances that people lose weight under okay or even gain weight under because medications of different things chronic illness disability there is so much stuff which is so multi-layered there are so many varied reasons that people lose weight but for it to always be seen as a positive thing is really scary like there are people who get incredibly sick and then they get complimented whilst they're sick and it's like oh I feel the worst I felt in my life and then oh if I keep on being sick then I'm going to keep on getting these compliments because we're all insecure cucumbers remember really that's what we really are and so many of you have shared with me over the years your experience of being told exactly this like when you've gotten super sick you've lost some weight and then people are like oh you're looking really good and you feel terrible or if you're struggling with an Ed and people are saying oh well that's great even people's doctors are telling this to them and that's what I mean when I say like the fat phobia has a real grip on society even though I know some people won't listen to me I'm going to keep on Shou my message uh that we should just stop commenting on people's bodies that we should just you know accept each other for who we are and maybe you know try and do personal growth that isn't just like focused on insecurities and hating ourselves our energy is so much better used building Community getting to know your neighbors and fostering those relationships learning useful skills helping others out and being politically involved rather than spending our energy staring down at our bodies and using AI to see all the different ways that we could be and being like I need to keep on punishing myself I need to keep on like doing all of this stuff like seriously if you were getting involved in the community garding you'll be getting a really good workout that way and you're not even having to focus on your body because what are you doing you're learning skills you're doing stuff which is better for the community and you're probably getting to know your neighbors and maybe making some new friends maybe broadening people's Horizons including your own that stuff is better like we don't have to keep on this focus on having to punish ourselves and I'm I'm sure that you've noticed it as well as I've seen a couple of people point out anytime that progress happens like there seems to be this real swing to make women feel insecure again I don't want this to become a thing again people are wearing all sorts of beauty Contraptions to bed their bodychecking and essentially Naval gazing all of this picking ourselves apart and self-hate and masking it as like I'm just trying to improve myself it just drains us of our energy that we need to fight all of this stuff because like I said people's rights are getting stripped away it all makes us feel lesser then and like we have so many problems like we need to fix ourselves first like think about how fat ugly wrinkly saggy you are or whatever it may be whatever the new thing soon we're going to have to be like insecure about our ear loses before we know it did nobody watch the substance you know that I didn't because I'm scared of it but like I got the messages from it cuz I watched the video essays about it I don't have any time for any of this nonsense okay people's bodies change over time and having the weird expectation that at the age of like 40 you're meant to still fit into the same clothes that you wore when you were like 16 still have the body of a 16-year-old that's just like metabolism doesn't work that way the way that people's bodies change over time just doesn't work that way and like if people have children your body changes all right if people's bodies do change does their moral value go down should your love for them change because I personally don't think so and once again I'm going to remind people just how bad AI is for the environment and I know that some people be like oh bit Briny you've just made a video on YouTube yeah if this was an AI generated video can you imagine how much worse it would be and plus I do my work to try and do a little bit of good in the world anyway made it all the way to the end of this video I think the a loudspeaker Emoji is right yeah because we need to keep on sharing this message of stop commenting on people's bodies please like that should be just expected and normal at this point of time and if you missed my last video on the Netflix show adolescence go and check it out because oh my goodness I've got so much to say about that and plus you may not see me for a couple of weeks because I'm working on a very big video about the masculinity crisis so we're going to be getting into some big stuff I'm reading a whole bunch of books for it right now it's um it's heavy but I'm going to make it palatable for you all okay that's what I do it's what I live for to help unfortunate oh my God I watched The Little M too much growing up anyway I've also got the housework and unpaid labor survey for you down below please complete it if you can if you're over the age of 16 because as many people as possible like participating in that from around the world we're going to get better and better results okay cuz that is another video which I'm working on too I know I'm working on so much all at the same time how do I cope I don't but anyway that's why I love my patrons so much because they they keep me saying they tell me what I should be working on and what I shouldn't they have a lot of input in what you see here and an extra special thank you my top tier trash Pander labelers Elizabeth S buret Carrie Quake Danielle Laura Bell Jam Megan Connelly Michaela garfinkle Mila gotier Stella sapiente Tammy pyres Tim long Tanya B and veru Cat mama I hope you all have a wonderful rest of your week and I'll see you all next time actually okay for the people that are really great and stayed all the way to the end this is probably my favorite Tik Tok this is the one that I like the most with jet sepy popping up there we go whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa no no we're not doing that no I don't know why you're into this but we're stopping it right now the best use of this meme that I've seen in a while okay bye lovies few Research Center shows from this [Music]

- Mounjaro may be 3 times more effective than Ozempic, study finds: Kind: captions Language: en NOW A NEW ANALYSIS FINDS ONE OF THESE DRUGS IS THE CLEAR WINNER IN GETTING RESULTED. AND MOUNJARO CAN DECREASE HOW MUCH FOOD YOU EAT. >> NOW A NEW REPORT SUGGESTS ONE OF THESE DRUGS IS FAR MORE EFFECTIVE IN HELPING PEOPLE SLIM DOWN. THE ANALYSIS LOOKED AT REAL WORLD DATA FROM 18,000 OVERNIGHT ADULTS USING MOUNJARO OR OZEMPIC OVER A YEAR. MORE THAN TWO AND A HALF TIMES MORE LIKELY TO LOSE 10% OF THEIR BODY WEIGHT. WHILE NOT A PEER REVIEWED STUDY, THIS ECHOED PREVIOUS RESEARCH THAT SOUND MOUNJARO MORE EFFECTIVE WITH HELPING PEOPLE WITH WEIGHT LOSS. THOSE ARE FDA APPROVED ONLY FOR TYPE TWO DIABETES, NOT WEIGHT LOSS. >> I HAVE LOST 17 POUNDS IN EIGHT WEEKS. >> BUT DEMAND IS SOARING AS MORE PATIENTS USE THEM OFF LABEL. DOCTORS SAY THEY WORK BY MIMICS HORMONES IN THE GUT TIED TO APPETITE. >> MOUNJARO IS WORKING ON TWO HORMONES AND OZEMPIC IS WORKING ON ONE HORMONE. YOU ARE GETTING MORE BANG FOR THE BUCK. >> AFTER STRUGGLING WITH OBESITY HER WHOLE LIFE, TARA JOINED A CLINICAL TRIAL FOR MOUNJARO. TWO YEARS IN, SHE'S LOST MORE THAN 100 POUNDS. >> YOU'RE HAVING MORE OF THAT FEELING OF SATISFACTION, OF ENJOYMENT. YOU KNOW, YOU HAVE A FEW BITES OF SOMETHING AND YOU FEEL FULL. >> ELI LILLY, THE MAKER OF MOUNJARO WILL RELEASE A VERSION APPROVED FOR WEIGHT LOSS. THE MAKER OF OZEMPIC NOVO NORDIS SAID IT IS ONLY USED TO STREET DIABETES. EXPERTS CAUTION THE SAFETY OF THESE DRUGS IS STILL UNKNOWN IN HEALTHY PEOPLE WHO JUST WANT TO LOSE A FEW POUNDS. THEY COULD HAVE SIDE EFFECTS LIKE GASTRO INTESTINAL DEFENSE, NAUSEA AND VOMITING. THEY ONLY CURB HUNGER WHILE USED. >> FOR THOSE PATIENTS, WHEN YOU STOP THE MEDICATION, YOU WILL REGAIN ROUGHLY TWO-THIRDS OF THAT WEIGHT. THIS IS NOT A MEDICATION THAT WILL RESET YOU FOR LIFE. >> AS WITH ANY MEDICATION, OF COURSE, EXPERTS SAY YOU SHOULD ONLY USE THEM UNDER THE GUIDANCE OF A DOCTOR WHO IS FAMILIAR WITH THE RISKS AND SIDE EFFECTS. ELI LILLY SAYS IT DISCOURAGES ANY OFF LABEL USE. >> THE COST IS KIND OF HIGH. DOES INSURANCE PAY FOR IT? >> HUNDREDS OF DOLLARS A WEEK IN SOME CASES HERE. INSURANCE WILL PAY FOR IT IF YOU ARE DIAGNOSED WITH DIABETES. BUT INSURANCE DOESN'T COVER IT FOR WEIGHT LOSS UNLESS YOU HAVE HIGH CLOSHOLESTEROL OR OTHER THI GOING ON. IF THERE ARE PILL FORMS, WILL THEY COST LESS? INJECTABLE DRUGS ARE VERY EFFECTIVE? AND WILL MEDICARE BE ABLE TO COVER THESE. MEDICARE IS BARRED FROM COVERING WEIGHT LOSS DRUGS BECAUSE REMEMBER THE PHEN-PHEN DRAMA? CONGRESS DOESN'T ALLOW MEDICARE TO PAY FOR WEIGHT LOSS DRUGS. BUT IT COULD BE AN EXCITING GAME

- How to use the Mounjaro pen: Step-by-step guide: Kind: captions Language: en good hello again I'm Dan nean today I'm here to show you how to safely inject Monaro a medication that helps with weight management monjaro is a prescription medication that contains tepati tepati works by mimicking two natural hormones Gip and gop1 it slows digestion so you feel Fuller for longer this means you eat less and have fewer Cravings which can lead to more effective weight loss the medication comes in the form of a pen which you inject weekly it contains four doses meaning that each pen will last you for a month now let me show you the pen and how to use it the pen will come with some needles and some alcohol wipes and a sharp spin to dispose of your used needles [Music] afterwards step one wash your hands with soap and water and prepare a clean surface for the pen step two remove the pen cap and keep it to one side check the expiry date check the dose strength and the color of the medication it should be colorless to slightly yellow and should not be frozen or cloudy step three wipe the inner seal of the pen with one of the wipes next you'll need to attach a new needle remove the paper tab from from the needle and then attach it to the pen step four before you use the pen for the first time you need to prime it to do this remove the outer cap followed by the smaller inner cap the dose selector is at the other end of the pen turn the dose selector until you hear two clicks and you see the extended line in the dose window this is the prime position with the needle pointing upwards tap the cartridge holder gently to collect air bubbles at the top release some medicine into the air by pressing the dose selector until it stops keep it pressed while you count to five the zero icon will be shown in the dose window priming removes air from the cartridge and make sure your pen is working properly your pen has been primed if a small amount of medicine comes out the tip of the needle there is always slightly more medication in the pen than is needed so that you can prime before every dose step five choose your injection site you can inject into the front of your upper thigh your abdomen or the upper arm clean the chosen area with an alcohol wipe and let it dry remember to mix up your injection sights each time to avoid any soreness or bruising step six each pen will administer a specific dose check that the dose on your pen label matches the dose that you've been prescribed this pen will administer 2.5 mg turn the dose selector until it stops and the one icon is shown in the dose window this will administer the dose shown on your pen label pinch the cleaned area of skin gently and insert the needle at a 90° angle press and hold down the do selector until it stops and count to five while holding the dose selector the zero icon should be visible in the dose window before removing the needle from the skin if you don't see the zero icon in the window you have not completely administered the dose in this case just insert the needle back into your skin and finish your injection by pressing down the dose selector you should not redial the dose step seven put both caps back on the needle and unscrew it from the pen dispose of the needle in the shouts container it's important that you don't put this in your normal household waist bin recap the pen and store it in a dry Place away from direct sunlight don't worry if you're not able to refrigerate the pen just make sure that it isn't kept anywhere that exceeds 30° C remember to always follow your clinici instructions and never share your pen with anyone else to get the most out of your program head on to the Newman app where you can chat to your coach and clinician and dive into our expert content and tools allowing you to track your weight get meal inspiration and manage side effects and more thanks for watching see you next time

- WARNING Do NOT take Ozempic or Mounjaro until you watch this: Kind: captions Language: en for the most part glp-1 Agonist drugs that are used for type 2 diabetes and weight loss things like ozempic wigovi and Manjaro these are incredible drugs and I'm seeing great things happen to my patients who are overweight or obese or have type 2 diabetes and amazing to see how these drugs just they just make an incredible impact in people's lives all you have to do is watch some Tick Tock videos to see some people losing 60 to 100 pounds with these drugs and how much this exponentially improved their happiness and self-confidence now overall they do a great job of causing people to not only lose weight mostly by reducing cravings and they're overall very very safe they even improve insulin resistance they lower blood pressure they lower cholesterol lower triglycerides they reduce inflammation and they protect against heart disease not to mention many women with polycystic ovarian syndrome PCOS experiencing improvement with these drugs now the biggest issue that most people have with them is the cost since most insurance plans don't cover them people usually have to pay out of pocket which costs on average fifteen hundred dollars per month depending on which drug you're talking about which is basically the cost of renting a two-bedroom apartment so most people they can't afford that but there is an alternative way of getting these drugs at a much lower cost as long as you know how to navigate this wild west detour and when I say Wild West detour I'm referring to getting these drugs from a compounding pharmacy most people don't understand what a compounding pharmacy is or what it does so let's talk about that especially because people can run into a lot of danger if they let's say they click on a link that brings them to a telemedicine company and the next thing you know they're doing a brief telemedicine video consultation with most likely a physician assistant or a nurse practitioner that they've met before who then prescribes them this weight loss drug that comes from a compounding pharmacy next thing you know within a few days they have this prescription drug sitting at their doorstep they open up the box and it's a vial that's filled with a liquid containing the drug some magnetide also known as ozempic also known as vigoving or in some cases they're getting terzapati which is also known as Manjaro so they open up the box and they find the syringes and the needles in there they then put the needle into the bottle into that vial they draw up the liquid with that syringe and that that liquid drug goes into the syringe they then inject it into their body anywhere where there's fat they can inject it so typically it's belly fat into the shoulders or even the butt or the thighs that's where it can be injected in fact if you don't have any fat on your body to inject it that's a sign that you shouldn't be taking this drug so is there anything wrong with this well it depends you see in this quest for people to get their hands on these drugs some patients are seeking out Telehealth platforms medical spas and compounding pharmacies for some are talenting as generic versions of these drugs but the company that makes somaglitide the company that makes ozepik is Novo Nordisk and they do not sell some magnetite for compounding purposes in the generic form of the drug approved by the FDA doesn't exist there are roughly 7 500 compounding pharmacies in the United States so compounding involves mixing and altering drugs basically customizing them for patients for their specific needs for example someone who is allergic to an ingredient in that medication might require a reformulated version another example is if someone let's say needs a very specific dose of a medication often is the case with chemotherapy well the compounding pharmacy will modify the dose perfectly tailored for what that patient needs compounding pharmacies have been doing this long before ozempic in Manjaro came out because the FDA currently lists ozempic and Manjaro as currently in shortage that means compounding pharmacies are allowed to buy these drugs from pharmaceutical ingredient manufacturers and then compounded into an injectable medication that they dispense so they typically with these compounding pharmacies will do is they typically also mix it with vitamin B6 or vitamin B12 or a metabolic compound called L-Carnitine which limited research has shown May contribute towards weight loss but when it comes to vitamin B6 and vitamin B12 and totally that might actually reduce the side effects of nausea and vomiting all of this is perfectly legal so long as the FDA lists these drugs as currently being in shortage which as of right now at the time of the making of this video is the case but some and I want to emphasize some not all compound and pharmacies are Distributing a different active ingredient altogether called somaglatide sodium which is the salt form of somaglitide now in recent weeks Regulators have raised concerns about some magnetized sodium which is sometimes sold as a research chemical some magnetized sodium does not appear to meet standards for compounding in federal law in part because the substance is not part of any FDA approved medication and because of how widespread it is this is getting the attention of government officials the FDA does not vet compounded medications and is not reviewed approved or tested for safety or Effectiveness the somagneti drugs that compounding pharmacies offer now with that said there are a lot of great compounding pharmacies out there that take great patient care every single day but there's some Bad actors at the end of April of this year the FDA as well as the National Association of boards of Pharmacy they're aware that Compounders might be using salt forms of some aglotide now functionally when some magnetized sodium is dissolved in water the sodium ion it separates from that somaglitide molecule leaving some magnetide and an extremely small amount of sodium but there isn't data that demonstrates whether some magnetized sodium is safe for consumers or even whether it's effective it might be but it might not be we just don't know in their statement they're saying that drug manufacturers have become aware of the practice of using some magnetized salts for compounding and made choose to initiate legal proceedings to combat this practice so Novo Nordic they're now taking action including but not limited to issuing cease and desist letters against entities that are engaging in the unlawful sale of compounded somagotide or disseminating false advertising and infringing on its trademarks some of these compounding pharmacies they're trying to make a buck for sure but compounding pharmacies the good actors they're attempting to fill a void in the market trying to meet a huge demand for many people whether it's for type 2 diabetes or for obesity so if you're going to get these drugs from a compounding pharmacy make sure you get it from a legit one and I'm going to give you four tips on how to do exactly that tip number one is make sure that a real board certified licensed physician who is experienced with these medications is the one who's prescribing it to you tip number two under federal law compounding pharmacies can compound drug products only with active ingredients that that come from facilities that are registered with the FDA so make sure that the compound and Pharmacy is registered with the FDA tip number three in the case of some maglotide make sure you're not getting some magnetized sodium it's just some magnetite so if it's sodium there don't go with that one and finally tip number four my recommendation is to ask this very important question of is the compounding pharmacy licensed to ship sterile compounds to all 50 states because if the answer is yes you can feel much better about the drug that is being shipped to your door now if you're someone who's interested in losing weight in improving your metabolic health and you want a consultation with me I'm going to put a link right here or maybe it's on this side I'm not sure I'm going to put a link right on the screen for you to click on and there there you can actually book the appointment and also if you want to know more about how these drugs actually affect the body and how they work in the body I highly recommend checking out this video right here

- Ozempic, Mounjaro & GPL-1 Agonists for Weight Loss | Dr. Zachary Knight & Dr. Andrew Huberman: Kind: captions Language: en I mean I think it's important sometimes to distinguish between pharmacologic and physiologic effects so physiologic is what the hormone naturally does in your body and what can be modulated by natural things like eating a different food and you might get a twofold change in your gp1 by eating a different food you know one food versus the other but as we know from those dp4 Inhibitors it's not going to really change your appetite because the drugs increase at 3-fold um these These gp1 agonists are really a pharmacologic effect effect they only have of drugs so you get a thousand to 10,000 fold higher concentrations of these drugs in your blood than uh the natural hormone and so it's just there's no diet that's ever going to give you that and there's no precedent for it either so should we be at all concerned about that I mean they run clinical trials and address safety but when you're talking about a thousandfold increase in a essentially a peptide hormone yeah um if we were talking about different peptide hormone you know pick one um you know oxytocin or estrogen testosterone they're not really you know broadly speaking um most people would be concerned about thousandfold dosing of something like that and obviously there are clinical indications where that's important however my observation of the ever expanding literature on gp1 Agonist um is that there seems to be improvements in like reduction in um alcohol consumption um and by the way why would would uh increasing glp1 reduce um uh craving for alcohol that it seems like there's an ever expanding list of things that glp1 agonism is good for yeah um but we are talking about Su I would say super physiological levels when one takes it and again I'm not um against it nor for it I'm just paying attention to the literature so I would say that that's absolutely right when you're increasing the level of hormone a thousandfold you need to be careful see what's happening um but at the end it's an empirical question what what what does it actually do to a person and it can only be answered through experiments and I think the nice thing about these glp1 drugs that a lot of people don't realize is they've been around approved since 2005 the earliest ones and even something like OIC which maybe only entered the public Consciousness in the last year or two right it's been around for sevenish years I think so so and big clinical trials with these drugs and so um and the evidence so far is that they seem to be incredibly safe and as you said not just incredibly safe but um they seem to have all these unexpected health benefits that we seems to be in some cases even unrelated to weight loss and so so you know because of the reasons you mentioned one of the things the FDA requires from these pharmaceutical companies for diabetes drugs is um these large cardiac uh outcome trials so basically where you measure stroke and where you measure uh uh heart attacks and and death from from any cardiac cause um big trials like 20,000 people four years cost like a billion dollars to run and the data from the semaglutide the OIC trial came out last year and and as expected reduced the rate of heart attacks Strokes all cause mortality according to cardiac uh uh for cardiac reasons but what's really surprising was a lot of that seemed to happen before the people even lose weight lost weight so there was already a difference between the placebo group and the semag gluty group before the people on the drug had lost a significant amount of weight and there was no correlation between the amount of weight they lost and how well they were protected from heart disease and that's led many people to think that some of these effects actually could be due to other things the gp1s are doing that we didn't expect and so one thing is there's an idea emerging that that they are anti-inflammatory so um these brain regions the area postre and the NTS are also really important for this this reflex known as the inflammatory reflex that basically acts starts with the vagus nerve goes to these brain regions of the brain stem and then goes back down to the body to basically suppress to prevent outof control inflammation and so it's thought that these drugs perhaps have an anti-inflammatory effect that explains and some of that um sounds like the patent on these drugs just got extended by another hundred years that's a that's a that's a bio uh Pharma joke I mean just to put context on it um drugs can be patented and sold as a commercial version and not as generic versions until the patent runs out unless companies are able to find another um approved clinical use in which case it can be remarketed only as a um brand name not generic version so a lot of companies once they do do the uh safety testing and uh and all given everything they put into the R&D into the research and development there's a very big incentive to not necessarily finding new drugs but finding new uses for the same drugs and not allowing generic versions into uh into the picture and that's why it's likely to be based on these um uh what sounds like additional uses of um OIC related compounds a long time before there's generic OIC available I think it will be a while I don't know the exact status of the patents but I'm guessing it's going to be a while before there are generic versions but there's a lot of competition coming so every major pharmaceutical company or almost every major pharmaceutical company now has a gp1 program really and uh some of them are really exciting actually um so so I mean the general Trend in this area is what people call glp1 plus which means you take The glp1 Agonist which is already giving you 15% weight loss or so and then you add additional things to that to give it addition properties so one compound is from Eli Lily which makes this other so there's this other drug on the market that we haven't talked about but tepati which is as mojarro for diabetes and Zep Bound for obesity which is even better really in almost every respect a better drug than than OIC um so people lose more weight so it's about 21% weight loss at a year um fewer side effects um at least at comparable doses that seems to be because this this other drug uh tepati um it has two Targets not one so so whereas whereas OIC is just um gp1 receptor Agonist tepati is a dual Agonist of gp1 and this other incretin that we talked about Gip Gip and it seems like having that Gip agonism actually acts as an anti-nausea effect this sort of counteracts some of the nausea caused by the go1 in the area Posta there are Gip receptor neurons in the area postr in this nausea Center so sort of allows you to crank up the dose of the gp1 agonism even further while you're pressing the nausea and just get even more weight loss so now talking about the future things that aren't available yet but will be in the next couple years so Eli Lily the company that makes this drug chatid muaro um they have a triple Agonist that's in phase three clinical trials now so this is now three hormones in one it's the gp1 which all these drugs have the Gip which is the antia component and then glucagon itself and so these these three hormones all combined in one pill and what the glucagon does is it increases energy expenditure this is a well-known effect of glucagon and um so you're basically eating less your nausea isn't as bad and now you're just burning more calories at Baseline and the results from the strugg are incredible so basically um there's been one phase 2 trial published and people lost 25% of their body weight at the end of the of the uh uh uh I think it was 48 we period and they were still losing weight so we don't know where the end point we don't know what the what the maximum is so they bigger Longer TRS going on now to figure that out but but at that point when you get Beyond 25% body weight you're talking about basically bariatric surgery right which is currently the best thing we have you know like these these surgeries people do stomach staple removing a portion of the stomach removing a portion of the gut so really it's a pharmacologic version of bariatric surgery the other one that I think is really exciting there's this compound from Amgen it's called just now it's just a code it's like AMG 133 but um it's like Terra apetite in the sense that Target both gp1 and Gip so it's a dual dual dual uh targeted but unlike tepati which activates the Gip receptor this amen compound inhibits it and for reasons that people don't understand either activating or inhibiting this receptor causes you to lose weight so still a mystery lot to debate about what's going on there but the way this Amgen compound activates um the uh Gip receptor or inhibits the Gip receptor rather is that uh it's an antibody so all these other things were peptides but this is a much bigger sexual protein this is an antibody and because it's an antibody it has a much longer lifetime even than something like semaglutide which is seven days so it like lasts like a month in the blood or something and so you can give people monthly injections of this and they lose dramatic amounts of weight and then at least in this initial trial um at the end of this they stopped and people maintained the weight loss for six months that's impressive potentially because of the long lasting effects of this antibody or potentially because of other things that we don't understand so and those are just two there's all sorts of other crazy things happening so really I think it's just it's just created this explosion of of interest in Pharma um once basically it's one of these things you know it's you once you see that something can be done all of a sudden that changes everyone's perspective and so now obesity drug Discovery has gone from something that 10 years ago everyone wanted to stay away from because there were so many nightmare stories about drugs that turned out to be not safe till now everybody's sort of Allin on this yeah I remember in college the fenfen debacle where a diet drug was released and people had cardiac issues started dying so it was pulled from market and then it was essentially a quiet field for a long time thank you for tuning in to the huberman lab Clips Channel if you enjoyed the clip that you just viewed please check out the full length Episode by clicking here

- 10 Ozempic & Mounjaro MISTAKES That SLOW Your Weight Loss (Avoid These!): Kind: captions Language: en if you're on OIC or monjaro and you're not losing weight as fast as you expected chances are you're probably making at least one of these 10 mistakes and the worst part most people don't even realize they're doing it in the next few minutes I'm going to break down the 10 most common mistakes I see here in my practice on my 350 plus consults every month so you can fix them and start seeing Real Results and trust me mistake number 10 is one that even experienced users are guilty of so let's jump in number one injecting in the same spot every time did you know injecting in the same spot over and over can actually make the medications less effective over time scar tissues begins to build up and and it makes it harder for the medication to absorb properly I had a patient who kept injecting in the exact same spot on her stomach she started noticing that her appetite suppression wasn't as strong as it used to be in at the beginning so we switched up her injection sites and within a couple of weeks her results improved and the weight just started coming off so the fix is to rotate between your stomach thigh and upper arm if you can and even if one of those spots is your favorite don't get lazy remember to continue to switch it up mistake number two eating too little I get it these medications can and will curb your appetite but if you're barely eating your body will slow your metabolism to compensate and that can actually stall your weight loss so here's the fix remember to prioritize protein you need at least 80 to 100 gram of protein per day to maintain muscle mass not eating enough makes you lose muscle instead of fat which is not what we want and here's a trick if you're struggling to hit that protein number try a protein shake or Greek yogurt as an easy boost at the end to get you over the line at the end of the day mistake number three not drinking enough water dehydration is sneaky it can feel like hunger cause you to have fatigue and even slow digestion making these medications even less effective so how do you know if you're drinking enough water here's a quick way to de look at your urine if it's dark yellow you're probably not drinking enough if it's light yellow or clear you're probably good on water intake aim for half your body weight in ounces per day if you weigh about 200 lb drink at least 100 ounces of water and if you're feeling constipated add electrolytes and even more water it makes a huge difference mistake number four ignoring strength training weight loss is great but if you're not strength training you're losing too much muscle and that slows down your metabolism in the long run here's something interesting I had happened um two patients one walked every day and the other did light strength training about twice a week after 6 months they both lost about the same amount of weight but the one who lifted weights burned more fat and kept their metabolism higher over that span of time so you don't need to lift crazy weights it's just about body weight exercise resistance bands or or like dumbbells two to three times per week will absolutely do the trick mistake number five only tracking the scale and we've talked about this before the scale does not tell the whole story I've had patients come in frustrated because their weight didn't change for two weeks at a time yet their clothes were looser and they looked great walking into the room so track your progress photos um do waist measurements and check how your clothes fits if you're feeling better that's progress even if the scale is not moving have you ever had a non-scale victory go ahead and drop a comment below um we'd all love to hear it it's great motivation for everybody in the comment section mistake number six not prioritizing protein we just talked about this but let's talk about it again it's that important protein is key for maintaining muscle keeping you full and preventing plateaus most people on these meds on gp1s aren't eating enough protein so focus on lean proteins like chicken fish eggs Greek yogurt stuff like that try 30% of your daily calories from protein try to start around 30 you can even you know bump it up to 35 if you want to mistake number seven thinking the Medicaid does all the work these meds are not Magic Bullets they help but they don't replace healthy habits I see it all the time people rely on the injection but don't change their diet or exercise and when they stop they regain the weight later the fix here is to use these medications as a tool but don't let it be the only thing driving your weight loss look for a y attach your your weight loss to a y and get going mistake number eight not managing stress and sleep we talked about this on many other videos high stress and bad sleep mess with your metabolism in a bad way and when you don't sleep at all your body produces more cortisol which is a stress hormone which makes weight loss even harder so what do we need to do here aim for about 7 to 7 and a half hours of sleep per night and manage your stress um using exercise journaling or simply taking a break uh disconnecting from screens especially before bedtime mistake number nine overeating high fat or processed foods now this is a big no no obviously even if you're eating less processed junk um food slows your weight loss and messes with your blood sugar so to fix here swap out processed foods for whole nutrient-dense meals like lean proteins rich in fiber uh veggies that are rich in fiber and healthy fats like avocado and here is mistake number 10 skipping doses or stopping too soon skipping doses or stopping too soon or not being consistent with the injections overall ruins your progress these meds work best when you are consistent like you are with your lifestyle modification changes so set reminders schedule injections at the same time each week just about the same time and don't stop too soon unless advised by your doctor got to come gradually off these medications or you may have an issue with bouncing back all right now that you know the 10 biggest mistakes I see here in the office which one have you made if you have made any go ahead and drop that mistake down in the comment below I read a lot of them I'm not going to say I read them all but I read a lot of them and other people want to see them too and if you want to make sure you're doing everything right tonight I've made you a free 10day glp1 boot camp video series to help you maximize your results check the link below to get started stay healthy stay informed and I'll see you soon

- Mounjaro Approved For Weight Loss But Doctors Warn Against Side Effects: Kind: captions Language: en Health boost with me and S morani and today we are going to discuss very important issue s i remember speaking to you a few days ago when we were talking about this drug OIC for diabetes and that's starting to be used for obesity now there's another drug that's come in again being used for anti for diabetes earlier now for obesity what is happening can it really happen which is this drug okay so it's monjaro essentially that has got the approval from FDA so like OIC like vovi which has been made by Novo uh this is another drug now it is are appr appr drugs but what are they approved for for people with diabetes essentially but now the news really is that they've been approved by the usfda for dealing with obesity so these are drugs that are essentially for diabetes why are we talking about these drugs because they become a rage a lot of people Vis anecdotal evidence and some research also because of which the approval of by usfda came through was that they say that there is significant advantage and there are celebrities were taking these drugs and talking about it for example Elon Musk has taken this drug and that's the reason why uh Puja they're gaining so much popularity because they help you lose significant amount of weight so for people who are obese who are clinically obese not for somebody who wants to go on a crash diet and wants to eat whatever he or she wants to eat and not have any physical activity but just wants to lose weight this is certainly not going to be recommended but this only has to come through prescription it won't be available right away on the counter is it popular in India should people use it can it be used what are you hearing very popular and there's a lot of conversation about it yes it is hashash conversation given that uh like you said it's a prescription drug but many people are sourcing it and that's the dangerous bit Yeah the conversation with doctors indicates that a lot of people are consuming it sourcing it some people are buying it from outside India and consuming it here given that it's an expensive drug it's in thousands it's not for not like everybody can it and you know these are injections essentially so the fear and the concern is that there is overuse and misuse of these medic so this is not a pill like is usually Tak basically an injection okay so we'll talk about that in much more a moment from now uh first Puja this report on what this particular new drug is what are the side effects and what are the experts really saying take a look the blogbuster drug for weight loss monjaro has been approved by the US FDA the brand name is z bound and it will be competing with novo's VG V monjaro like vgo and OIC are anti- diabetes drugs Zep bound already is FDA approved as treatment for diabetes FDA now says it can be sold as weight loss drug for which it is supremely popular Charles Barkley an NBA a Hall of Famer and current broadcaster attributed his weight loss to the medication monjaro Elon Musk and Chelsea Handler have taken it monjaro is a prescription anti-diabetic drug that has been shown to have a weight loss effects it contains semaglutide which is a type of glucagon like peptide 1 glp1 receptor Agonist gp1 receptor Agonist work by mimicking the effects of G 1 a hormone that is released in response to food intake monjaro works by slowing down the rate at which food moves to the stomach which helps to reduce hunger in fact one of the hottest topics in Hollywood are the type two diabetes drugs OIC vgo and monjaro but are these drugs without any risks absolutely not say experts it activates two receptors in the body glp1 and Gip it's approved for Diabetes Type 2 and very specifically approved for that with obesity the appetite suppression and the weight loss is quite uh remarkable so it's it should be used where it needs to be used uh people with thyroid cancer or risk of thyroid cancer in the families this uh medication is uh not to be given common side effects are vomiting nausea diarrhea consp Pati and other gastrointestinal problems in the most recent published trial about 10% of people taking this medicine Dro to to the study because of such problems compared to about 2% of people taking dummy shots doctors also say that if patients rely solely on the drugs for weight loss they regain the weight once they stop why should we look at Weight Loss only as exercise and diet we have to look at it holistically because that's the right way that'll keep the weight off if we can just not go for quick fixes and we can fix this holistically we will have such a healthy population these drugs aren't for everyone but in India like in many other places the rich and affluent are sourcing it so if somebody is suffering from a lot of problems due to morbid obesity or D diabetes this is the choice of drug but patients are coming to ask for it and people who don't even qualify but they're still wanting it and they still saying okay this one's taking that one's taking and people are taking it so it's just become like a so-called peer pressure these medicines experts say are not foolproof methods and not your best bet far from it in New Delhi s morani for India Today [Music] TV so you watch this report that means there's another drug that's coming to the Market but be very cautious always take medical advice which you'll have to but even then SN let's also talk about side effects are there in this cases because it's for an for a diabetes and OB obesity it's very different still yes you know so there are side effects even when those who are diabetic take it there are side effects for them as well but imagine taking it for weight loss and the doctors obviously have said that the approach is to be more holistic than just you know popping these uh you know or having these taking these injections essentially so side effects include nausea vomiting research has shown that a lot of people actually who are in fact wanting to lose weight stop taking these medicines because of the fear uh essentially that uh fear not not just fear but because of the serious side effects of it as well so these are some medicines that only should be taken under supervision like I said obese people who are clinically obese as defined by experts as those being clinically obese perhaps should be considering this only on the advice of of the doctor the situation has to be monitored it is not something that is fashionable it is something that needs to be taken with a pinch of salt a lot of caution to be exercised and only and only consult the doctor uh if at all you feel that you need to lose weight in a fashion but the fear and the concern really is Puja and and this is pretty shocking is that doctors actually say people who are uh who are just uh you know who are fat but may not be clinically obese so there's a world of a difference difference and the most popular customers so to speak or those people who are demanding this medicine at the most are to be Brides who want to drop you know five more kgs 10 kgs and it suddenly so that is really dangerous I mean clinical obesity is a medical condition you know for which the medicine has been and don't take a medicine or or an injection that just before a wedding for example she's saying this could cause long-term damage or damage that you've not predicted thank you much they're effective you know Puja I just want to put in this word there a lot of research says that perhaps they're a little more effective than OIC for example but let me just Qui but still but still it is imperative that medical advice is taken in all these cases and keep uh watching Health boost because we tell you exactly what what is trending so to say but should you jump on this trend or not that is what we'll tell you about thank you so much SN murani and I will continue to bring you health boost daily morning on India today the issue that concerns you and I directly do notore know health is wealth

- How to Use Mounjaro (Tirzepatide) UK injection Pen - Step by Step Guide: Kind: captions Language: en hi everyone I'm Melissa from London slimming Clinic I'm going to show you how to correctly use the monjaro pen monjaro is a once weekly injection which contains tepati and is prescribed for weight loss when jaro is delivered in chilled and insulated packaging to maintain the correct temperature during transport each pack of Monaro contains an instruction leaplet patient information Lether which you should read before first use and the Monaro pen itself comp ible needles will also be supplied the mararo pen contains four fixed doses one dose taken weekly therefore one needle is to be used each week check the expiry date to ensure the medication is within date remove the pen cap to check the liquid mojarro should be colorless to slightly yellow it's important to note that the medication is contained here in the pen and not in the needles next you'll need to attach a new needle wipe the red inner seal of the pen with a swab pull off the paper tab then push the cap needle straight onto the pen and twist the pen needle on until it's tied remember to always use a new needle every time you take the medication to help prevent infections and block needles each time before you use the pen you'll need to prime it check that the pen is functioning correctly pull off the outer needle shield and keep it this will we reuse later when removing the needle pull off the inner needle shield and discard it slowly turn the dose knob until you hear two clicks and the extended line is shown in the dose window this is the prime position hold your pen with a needle pointing up now push the dose knob in until it stops the zero must be shown in the dose window you should see a drop of liquid on the tip of the needle if there is no liquid then repeat the step to select the dose turn the dose knob until it stops and the one icon is shown in the dose window the one icon is equal to a full dose you are taking in this case it's 2.5 mg monjaro can be injected into either the abdomen the upper thigh or the upper arm do change and mix up your injection sites each week to allow the skin to heal and avoid any potential soreness or bruising insert the needle at a 90° angle into the skin press and hold down the dose button either with your finger or your thumb and the dose counter returns to zero then count to six and remove the needle you may see a drop of liquid at the end of the needle and that is normal and nothing to be concerned about put the outer needle cap which you saved earlier back on the needle and unscrew it from the pen dispose of needle in the sharp container do not put these in your normal household waist bin once you start using the pen you'll notice that a plunger begins to appear this is normal and it just indicates how much liquid is remaining once the plunger reaches the end the pen is empty and you've used up all four doses put the cap back onto the pen and store it away until the next use the used pen can either be stored in the refrigerator 2 to 8° or unrefrigerated for up to 30 days as long as the temperature does not go above 30° Centigrade if kept unrefrigerated the pens must be discarded after 30 days and that is it that's all there is to it if you have any questions or concerns don't hesitate to reach out to us at the London slimming Clinic

- Managing Mounjaro Side Effects: Strategies for Minimizing Risks | Wave Plastic Surgery: Kind: captions Language: en one of the things that patients have been asking is what are some of the common side effects so let's tackle on the most common side effect quite honestly for most people Nothing a lot of patients you really don't feel any adverse reaction the only thing that they feel is what's therapeutic which is loss of appetite and early satiety however some patients do experience some nausea diarrhea or constipation the GI symptoms this is really dose dependent and how acclimated they are to the medication and that's why it's so important that when we first start patience Hunters appetite they start off in small dose and that has significantly reduced degree of nausea constipation or diarrhea some of the other reported side effects associated with with her's appetite are things such as higher heart rate fatigue sleepy as well but quite honestly like if we look at all of our patients that type of complaint is extremely rare and again it has to do with slow incrementation of the dosage that we use there's appetite comes in increments of 2.5 milligrams so a lot of times we are starting patients off at 2.5 milligrams or in some patients five milligrams and we slowly increase that dosage by 2.5 milligrams and what we have found is is this ad that has been extremely effective in controlling GI symptoms foreign [Music]

- Ozempic, Mounjaro, Wegovy, Zepbound: Who can take which one? | Ohio State Medical Center: Kind: captions Language: en-US Currently in the United States, there are two FDA-approved medications for treatment of obesity or overweight with individuals who have medical comorbidities like high blood pressure, sleep apnea or abnormal cholesterol levels. The two medications are semaglutide and tirzepatide. Semaglutide is also a brand named Wegovy when it's used just for the treatment of obesity or overweight with a comorbidity. The exact same medication is brand named as Ozempic when it's used to treat individuals with type 2 diabetes. Tirzepatide, the brand name is Zepbound when it's used, again — to treat obesity or overweight with comorbidities. The brand name, when used to treat individuals with type 2 diabetes, is Mounjaro. This is pretty confusing for a lot of people because all of these names are not necessarily interchangeable — because when your doctor's sending in a prescription, it needs to be for the right diagnosis. However, for individuals who are considering these medications, it is important to realize that they are the exact same molecule, depending on if it's semaglutide or tirzepatide. There are two GLP-1 medications available for weight loss treatment currently approved by the FDA: there's Wegovy and Zepbound. Wegovy and Zepbound are both approved for individuals with a body mass index [BMI] greater than 30, or a body mass index greater than 27 with a medical comorbidity. Wegovy also has indications for individuals with those body mass index criteria who are at risk of having a major adverse cardiovascular event — nonfatal heart attack; nonfatal stroke; or peripheral arterial disease. Clinical eligibility for either semaglutide or tirzepatide really depends on the FDA indications and if you meet the qualifications. Again, this can be very confusing for individuals because the medications semaglutide&nbsp;&nbsp; and tirzepatide have indications without diabetes, as well as treatment for type 2 diabetes. It's really important to talk to your doctor about your medical comorbidities or medical conditions that you want to treat. And your physician will be able to guide you best towards choosing the medication that's right for you.

- The Best MOUNJARO Alternative (Without the Side Effects) - Dr. Berg: Kind: captions Language: en I recently did a video on of zembic but now I want to do a video on monjero now manjero is a very similar medication apparently in several studies it works a little bit better than ozembic more weight loss less time both these medications were primarily used for regulating blood sugars with diabetes but they also found that it helps you lose weight which makes sense because anything that improves blood sugars will obviously help you lose weight so the first thing I want to say is monjero does create some really interesting effects with weight loss and blood sugars there's no doubt actually it can even improve insulin resistance and decrease your A1C which is an average blood sugar for three months so I'm not going to say that it doesn't work but it's expensive it's like a thousand dollars to thirteen hundred dollars a month and it does come with other side effects other than just being expensive but the big question is what happens when you come off the medication does it actually correct the problem the answer is no you have to keep take taking it for it to work do you end up taking it the rest of your life is it healthy what are the long-term effects well we don't know but the short-term effects are the following nausea vomiting diarrhea constipation gastroparesis which is a situation where your stomach is a bit paralyzed food goes through very very slowly another side effect would be abdominal pain dizziness lethargy low blood sugar as in hypoglycemia various kidney problems like kidney disease could happen as well and even retinopathy which is a problem with your retina let me just kind of touch on that for a second the slow metabolism people that have a slow metabolism actually have a very efficient metabolism probably from dieting in the past you go on some diet and then your body adapts and compensates especially if you go in a lower calorie diet and then becomes more efficient so now it can run on a smaller amount of fuel it doesn't want to waste this energy so it's very conservative so it's like a car that gets a lot of miles per gallon right versus a very inefficient motor which is a gas guzzler so this is really a survival thing that we have in our genetics so anything like fat storage is survival to the body and so anytime you try to lose weight the body will resist it because you're getting rid of this potential survival so when we use a drug to bypass this whole mechanism to try to help you lose weight you really have to understand what's happening to the body internally you're artificially mimicking these two hormones because these drugs act to mimic two different hormones that are in your small intestine one is called glp1 and the other one is called Gip they're drugs that mimic these hormones so my question is is it possible to create this similar effect but without the side effects can you use something more natural is there such a thing as some type of maybe herbal or plant-based Agonist for these two hormones and the answer is yes there is and I put a link down below of the research on that and it's called phytomedicine you're using plants as medicine but the cool thing about it is there's very minimal toxicity and there's all sorts of properties especially things that relate to blood sugar control and many other effects in Plants I mean there's probably about at least 400 different chemicals that can help blood sugars from different angles these two hormones that these drugs are mimicking raise insulin to lower the blood sugar and also reduce the production of glucose from the liver that's called gluconeogenesis and they also affect the digestive system they actually make you feel full they help reduce the appetite so it's going to curb your hunger and help you eat less so my question is number one is there something non-toxic without the side effects and is there something you can do long term to create this same effect to add it as a part of your long-term healthy lifestyle instead of a short-term very expensive drug approach and I forgot to mention lowered stomach acids so when you start lowering your stomach acids that's going to create all sorts of issues with ability to digest protein absorb minerals kill pathogens so there's a whole series of consequences that can happen just from that so I always like to think long term is that the best long-term solution for a person I understand that your metabolism might be very efficient and it's more difficult and this is part of the phytomedicine data so there's four herbs that can create this effect number one berberine number two curcumin number three cinnamon number four panics ginseng now I'm not recommending taking all of these I would just pick one and try it out in addition to two other things I would highly recommend especially if you want to lower your appetite and be able to do something that fits within your lifestyle and that is this the healthy version of the ketogenic diet which is a low carb diet with intermittent fasting that ultimately is a wonderful way to correct problems with your blood sugar and help you lose weight and keep it off now if you want to know how to do healthy keto with intermittent fasting in a very simple video you should watch this one right here

- MOUNJARO: All Your Questions Answered!: Kind: captions Language: en hi and welcome to another edition of your health with Dr Christie my name is Dr Christy Reisinger and today I'm going to give you all an update on a highly discussed medication for diabetes called Manjaro the generic name of this medication is tercepatide this medication is approved for diabetes treatment but also has a wonderful side effect of causing weight loss and I foresee this being approved specifically for weight loss in the coming months Manjaro is similar to my favorite glp-1 Agonist called semaglatide also known as ozympic or wigovi but it also has another medication in it as well that's in a class of medications called Gip agonists this stands for glucose dependent insulinotropic polypeptide similar to somaglatide Manjaro reduces hemoglobin A1c which is a three-month average of blood sugars by about 2.3 percent but it also leads to Greater weight loss about 10 pounds more weight loss than somaglatide which is really significant and exciting this medication like The glp-1 Agonist is a once a week injection and works by stimulating insulin release making people feel Fuller for longer periods of time and helping the body decrease glucose production but while glp-1 agonists like some aglotide have been shown to lower cardiovascular risks like heart attacks and strokes the data on Manjaro about this won't be out until 2025 because it's so new on the market and a disappointing finding is that when these injectable medications are stopped patients gain the weight back this is true for ozempic wegovi and probably Manjaro II the reason for this is because these medications are actually hormones that the stomach reduces in response to food to help the body understand when to stop eating and it's felt to be underproduced in people that struggle with their weight so it would only make sense that when these hormones are stopped these signals to the brain are lost and weight gain will occur but the biggest issue I've had with Manjaro is simply getting it for my patients there's been a supply shortage and of course the cost is outrageous it costs about a thousand dollars a month if insurance doesn't cover it and while patients without diabetes can use the medication for weight loss it won't be covered by insurance for this sole purpose at least at this point it is awaiting FDA approval for weight loss and I'm hoping that will change in the future if you're interested in using either a glp-1 like somaglitide also known as wegovia or azympic or the glp-1 Gip combo with terzapatide also known as Manjaro and you your health insurance won't cover it call the human resource manager at your company and ask them to consider opting in for coverage of weight loss medications the change for coverage really has to happen at the company that you work for that's providing your health insurance and stay tuned for even more weight loss injectable medications to be coming out in the future there are others on the horizon which is really exciting thanks for joining me

- How to use and inject a Trulicity or Mounjaro pen: Kind: captions Language: en hello and welcome to this instructional video on how to use an inject trulicity and mojarro Pen the pens reviewed in this video will be trity and mojarro as they work the same way trity and Manjaro are taken once a week so mark your calendar so you take it the same day every week it is recommended to store the pens in the refrigerator and to check the package insert for how long they can be left outside of the refrigerator before we start make sure you have your trity or moonjar pen and an alcohol swab first wash your hands with warm soapy water or with hand sanitizer as shown it is important to ensure your hands are clean to prevent any potential infection at the injection site now check that the pen is the right dose prepare the injection site site now you'll need to choose your injection site for this video demonstration we'll be using this injection pad the areas where you'll be injecting this medication or either the back of the arm the abdomen leaves 2 in from the belly button or thigh clean the area with alcohol swab and allow it to air dry avoid injecting into scars or areas where the skin is broken or irritated as this medication may not absorb correctly it is also important to rotate injection SES so you're not injecting the medication in the same sight pull the gray base straight off when you're ready to inject place the clear base flat against your skin unlock by turning the white knob from the black or red lock symbol to the green unlock symbol on the pen inject by pressing and holding the purple or green injection button the first click will let you know the injection has started the second click will let you know the injection is completed it is important to wait until you hear the second click before removing the pen from your skin after injection dispose of the pen hope you found this video helpful to reinforce how to use and inject your trulicity or mojarro pen call your Healthcare team with any questions regarding this medication

- Diabetes drug Mounjaro shows heart benefits: Study: Kind: captions Language: en to a new study on the popular diabetes drug Mangaro showing more potential health benefits. ABC News medical correspondent Dr. Darien Sutton is here with more. Dr. Darien, it's always great to see you. So, there's been this constant trickle of like new data on the benefits of these GLP-1 drugs. Uh, this study you say though is different from what we've seen before. Why is that? >> Well, you know, this class of GLP medications has grown in popularity year after year. Well known for their injectable weight loss medications, ompic probably being the most popular. Well, now research is coming out more and more that their benefits are potential beyond diabetes, beyond weight loss, but in reducing the risk of death from cardiovascular disease. And for the first time, researchers were able to compare two popular products. One being Mangaro, which is a more modern version, I would say technically it targets two hormones. Its active ingredient is tzeptide, the same in zepp. And it compares it to truly, a more traditional version. It targets one hormone in a similar way that ompic does. This is really fascinating because we continue to hear more about what these drugs are capable of. But what did this study find in real numbers? >> Well, in real numbers, it found that both of these medications, Trulicity, the more traditional version, and Mjaro, the more modern version, reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease. But Mjaro seems to do it better in terms of reducing the risk of cardiovascular death from heart attack and stroke, 8% lower risk compared to Trulicity. And in terms of overall risk of death, a 16% drop. So it's really significant and it broadens the scope and helps us to understand more about the possible future of these medications and guiding patients to options dependent on their risk. >> Well, and with that there are so many options out there right now. So what should someone consider here? >> Yeah, there's no doubt this market is crowded and with the investigation and research that's coming in the pipeline is going to even grow more. So there's going to be more medications in this class. I think it's important to understand that there's no clear winner. When you're trying to understand these medications, you need to know that they have variation in effectiveness. There's different dosages. Some have different insurance coverage options and also some have different side effects. So that's why it's important to talk to your provider. But you most important with these medications understand that they're lifelong medications in the most part because these are chronic diseases and conditions. So you want to make sure that you pick the the choice that has the ability to be more sustained and more comfortable in g in general of your own life over time because this is a medication that you'll likely be on for a long time. I >> I don't think there's any medication we've talked about more over the past couple of years. It's just incredible what it's done. All right, Dr. Darian, thank you so much.

- Ozempic, Mounjaro users talk about changes to family life after weight loss: Kind: captions Language: en today Oprah Winfrey sent Weight Watchers stock prices tumbling when she stepped down as the company's spokesperson after confirming recently she's taken medication to lose weight tonight we look at the ups and downs of weight loss from prescription drugs like OIC Real Housewife star Heather gay says she's never been happier but for others that Journey has had some unforeseen twists here's ABC's Deborah Roberts you represented body positivity and now some women are saying it's kind of a cout yeah like I've sold out I've given up the banner of you know relatable accept yourself love yourself and it's disappointing to sad to know that body positivity was all a big lie because it's better to not be overweight known for her funloving and bold personality Heather gay has cemented herself as a favorite on the Real Housewives of Salt Lake City proof timeline screenshots in everything but lately it's her changing appearance that's making headlines that so-called OIC look that's seemingly everywhere these days everyone I knew was taking these gp1 medications losing weight and just bragging about how great it was and magical one of your co-stars on the show made a joke about your designer outfit do you think it's a f I do I've never seen a corate in like size 14 you know have you pretty cutting yeah oh cutting but I've been called worse than size 14 Gucci I mean I've been called a manity been called Shrek I've been called um horrible things in private and public by my co-stars and by the general public so Heather tried something new the latest gamechanging weight loss drug it's the drug that's taking Hollywood and America by storm OIC originally meant to treat people with chronic medical conditions like type 2 diabetes one of the biggest and most controversial weight loss crazes right here television icon Oprah Winfrey revealing she's using medication for weight loss I think that we had this rise in this interest in anti-obesity medications that really came from social media and television oh zic wovi and Manjaro are drugs experiencing a big surge in use for weight loss first it changed their bodies now it's changing their relationships now that I've lost the weight I want to experience more I missed out on so much because I was so worried um about my size I don't have to shop at Big and Tall the good your sex life it's hotter yeah right it's hotter C the bad he wasn't noticing how happy I was with the weight loss it really told me that I deserve something better and all the Fallout if you had known that your marriage might be a casualty on this weight loss Journey would you take those pounds back some argue it's undoing Decades of progress in the body positivity and fat acceptance movements it is furthering The Narrative that thinness is the goal people don't need to be shamed about the size of their body the pressure to be thin experts say can cause real damage some of the content that I see online regarding weight loss it just feels off often that phobia is either subtle or overtly within the conversation and just widely accepted well welcome to Beauty Lain laser this is the med spa where we say all the best no BS after talking to her doctor she took her first dose of semaglutide the active ingredient in OIC I didn't want to show up that at another party and see all of my friends 20 lb thinner and just be resentful so there was almost a pressure there to try it absolutely a pressure and also just maybe a last hope you know so what are the key side effects so nausea is a component of the medications followed by vomiting potentially constipation some people that can say that they feel fatigue or tiredness these drugs can have serious side effects in including risk of thyroid cancer pancreatitis and hospitalization Heather says she's treated differently now better both on screen and off what do people start to say you look great you look thin what are you doing are you on OIC I started to feel seen for the first time even after being on television writing a New York Times bestselling book for the first time I was being valued by my castmates by the public in a way that I had never been valued before and that felt to me sad I think it is important to recognize that looks and identity can be interwoven and if you change your look so much that you feel like a different person then your identity is changing unfortunately when we're dealing with obesity often there is an overlay of of mental health disorders or maybe some issues with disordered eating May emerge and I want to make sure that I'm not doing that you know in this process there also may be issues with body dysmorphia the societal pressure to be thin is leading many to take these medications off label even when it's not medically necessary I am very adamant to not prescribe these medications in people that are solely using these for aesthetic purposes I really believe that this supports disordered eating eating disorders there's been a more than 93% increase in patients getting prescription semaglutide in the past four years I really think that we need to be thoughtful and mindful about this we have a shortage of these medications for people that do need them after losing close to 30 lb Heather says there's a lesson in all of this not just for her but also for her daughters so what does that say to your daughters though you've tried to teach them you said to love themselves but you've been able to really finely accept yourself as a smaller person because of a drug so what does that say to them I want them to feel empowered but as a mom of daughters it is a very nuanced Razor's Edge because I don't want to lie to them and say it doesn't matter matter what matters is on the inside but it does matter I don't know why that's the way it is in the world but that has been my experience that's a tough message it's a tough message and I don't know how to deliver it to him I have beautiful vibrant impowered daughters and I would hate for them to think that their value is limited to their dress size our thanks to Deborah the full episode of the skinny confessions after OIC is now streaming on Hulu hi everyone George Stephanopoulos here thanks for checking out the ABC News YouTube channel if you'd like to get more videos show highlights and watch live event coverage click on the right over here to subscribe to our Channel and don't forget to download the ABC News app for breaking news alerts thanks for watching

- MOUNJARO (Tirzepatide) | What to Know Before Starting!: Kind: captions Language: en Today we're talking about Mjaro, one of the newest and most effective treatments for type 2 diabetes. But it's not for everybody and there are some side effects that you need to know about before starting it. So the question that you need to answer is if this medications for you. We're going to try and help you answer this today by discussing what exactly it is, how effective it can be, and most importantly, what kind of side effects can you expect so you can decide if you want to give it a try. Menjaro or Epatide was approved by the FDA in May of 2022 for the treatment of type 2 diabetes. And it's part of a class of medications known as GLP-1 and GIP receptor agonist. What this means is that it mimics two different gut hormones that help regulate blood sugar levels, making it one of the most powerful diabetes medications available. It works in three key ways. First, it helps stimulate insulin release when blood sugar is high. Second, it reduces how much glucose is produced by the liver. And third, it slows down digestion, which helps control appetite and leads to weight loss. Because of these mechanisms, it not only helps lower blood sugar, but also aids in weight management, which is a huge benefit for many people. Mjaro is an injectable medication that comes in a pre-filled single dose pin. It's taken once a week with doses starting at 2.5 millig. The typical dosing schedule includes increasing to 5 milligs and for those who need more blood sugar control, doses can go up to 7.5, 10, 12, and even the maximum of 15 milligs per week. The gradual dose escalation helps minimize side effects while improving the medication's effectiveness. The injection is typically administered in the abdomen, thigh, or upper arm. And it's important to rotate injection sites to reduce irritation. Now, let's talk about how effective it really is. Clinical studies have shown that Mjaro can lower A1C levels by up to 2.1%. What makes it one of the most effective diabetes treatments available? Now, an A1C is a lab that measures your average blood sugars over the past 3 months. and lowering it significantly reduces the risk of diabetes complications like nerve damage, kidney disease, and vision problems. Not only does it help with diabetes, but research also suggests that it may have cardiovascular benefits, reducing the risk of heart disease, heart attacks, and strokes. This makes it a medication that offers multiple health benefits beyond just blood sugar control. Now, let's get what you really want to know about, though, and that's the side effects. Most people tolerate Mjaro pretty well, but there are some common side effects to watch out for. The most frequent ones include nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, constipation, abdominal pain, bloating, and heartburn. These side effects happen because manaro slows digestion, which can cause food to sit in the stomach longer. But the good news is that for most people, these side effects tend to be mild and get better as your body adjusts the medication. Now, if you're experiencing nausea, there are things you can do to help, like eating smaller portions, avoiding greasy foods, and taking your time when eating can make a big difference. Some patients also find it helpful to stay upright for a while after eating instead of lying down right away. There's also a rare but serious risk of something called pancreatitis. That's when the pancreas gets really inflamed. It can cause symptoms like severe abdominal pain that doesn't go away. Nausea and vomiting. So if you ever experience any of these kind of symptoms, stop taking the medication and call your doctor right away. Another important consideration is who should not take. If you have a personal or family history of medularary thyroid cancer or something called multiple endocanoplasia syndrome type 2, you should avoid it. These conditions are rare, but since Monjaro has been associated with potential increased risk of thyroid tumors in animal studies, it's best to be cautious. It's also not recommended if you've had pancreatitis in the past since this medication can increase the risk of another attack. It's also important to keep a close watch on your blood sugars, especially if you're taking other diabetes medications. While Mjaro on its own does not usually cause dangerously low blood sugar levels, when it's combined with other diabetic medications like insulin or salonas, it can increase the risk of hypoglycemia. Now, symptoms of low blood sugars include dizziness, sweating, shakiness, and confusion. If you experience any of these kind of things, check your blood sugar right away and follow your doctor's instructions on managing low blood sugar episodes. Now, let's talk about cost because this is one of the biggest issues with the medication. Ando is expensive. If you're paying out of pocket, you're looking around $1,000 a month. Insurance will usually cover it, but it depends on your plan. If your insurance doesn't cover it, there are some manufacturer savings programs and some patient assistance programs that can help lower the cost. But definitely look at those if you're considering this medication. Some patients have been able to use savings cards to get their prescription for as little as $25 a month. So, it's worth going to their website to see if you can qualify for anything like that. So, the big question is, is Magaro right for you? Well, it is one of the most powerful diabetes medications available, offering significant blood sugar control and weight loss benefit. While it does come with some side effects and a high price tag, for many people, the benefits can outweigh the risk. So, if you're thinking about starting it, talk to your doctor and see if it's a good fit for you. And remember, medications are just one part of the equation. Lifestyle changes like diet and exercise are key to long-term success in managing diabetes. Even small changes like cutting back on processed foods, increasing daily activity can make a big difference. Now, if you're looking for ways to improve your health naturally, check out this video right here where I break down simple lifestyle changes that can help you take control of your diabetes. Thanks for watching and we'll see you in the next video.

- Ozempic and Mounjaro causing Muscle Loss ???: Kind: captions Language: en be careful because there's some rumors going around out there that ozempic wegovi and Manjaro are causing muscle loss I recently saw a tick tock video with someone claiming that people proportionally speaking are becoming fatter with these glp-1 Agonist drugs yes claims about these drugs making people fatter I know let's debunk some myths with some good old science it's true that these medications cause a small decrease in lean body mass basically a small degree of sarcopenia which is the medical term for muscle wasting or muscle shrinkage however these drugs proportionally cause much more fat loss than muscle loss before we get into how we can prevent muscle loss while on these drugs let's take a look at the evidence what does it actually show how about this study from 2017 which showed that after 12 weeks of somaglotide which is ozempic and begovi there was a three-fold greater loss of fat compared with lean body mass or how about this 2020 study showing some maglotide increase the proportion of lean mass by 1.2 percent and of course the famous study that was published in the New England Journal medicine in 2021 showing that some maglotide had a proportional increase in lean body mass of three percent so yes people will have some overall loss of lean body mass in this study they lost five kilograms that's about 11 pounds or so of lean body mass but they also had an eight kilogram fat loss so the actual proportion of lean body mass increased by three percent what's also interesting here is that the placebo group actually lost more lean mass specifically 1.83 kilograms compared to Fat Mass which was 1.37 kilograms so when compared to the people who received ozempic proportionally they actually had a greater loss of lean body mass in that placebo group and here's another thing to consider the dexa scan it's not the most accurate when it comes to splicing out the details of body composition so in other words it's not the greatest at differentiating adipose tissue fat Mass from lean body mass like muscle so it's pretty clear that cementide also known as ozepik and mcgovi they do cause a decrease in lean body mass but proportionally wise the glp-1 agonists cause much more fat loss compared to muscle loss in fact this study showed that people who underwent bariatric surgery they demonstrated over eight kilograms of a fat-free mass and lean body mass loss within one year after they had the bariatric surgery which reflected 21 and 22 percent of total body weight loss respectively anytime someone loses weight about one quarter to one-third of that weight is going to be lost in the form of muscle or lean body mass and the faster that we lose weight the higher the percentage of muscle loss so there are three specific things that you can do to counteract this process when losing weight before I get into that real quick you might be one wondering about Manjaro also known as terzapatide this is also a glp-1 Agonist but unlike ozempic it's also a Gip Agonist which means it also acts as an adipokinin which is to say that it mimics a hormone in our body that specifically burns fat that's what the Gip does but not the glp-1 well in this study the surmount 1 trial showed that participants treated with Manjaro had a percent reduction in fat Mass about three times greater than the reduction in lean mass resulting in an overall Improvement in body composition so the ratio of fat Mass loss to lean mass loss was basically the same compared to other forms of weight loss including bariatric surgery so back to the question what are the three things that you can do to preserve or even increase your lean body mass because yes it's possible to gain muscle while burning fat possible but not easy for one it's exercise specifically resistance training this can be in the form of lifting weights or calcium Linux or even high intensity interval training in fact your muscles they're filled with mitochondria and the mitochondria are the powerhouses of your cell they provide the energy to your cell and your mitochondria actually increase both in the size and in the number when you engage in moderate high intensity exercise so ideally about 150 minutes of moderate to high intensity exercise per week so you want to do that resistance training and or high intensity interval training for that purpose the second thing is making sure you're eating enough protein the exact amount will depend on the person it ends up being around 75 grams of protein per day but again it's going to come down to that individual person studies show that higher protein results in less lean mass loss and more fat Mass loss compared to lower protein intake the third thing is getting enough high quality sleep so having healthy restorative and consistent sleep patterns impact various hormones involved in body weight regulation and muscle strength for example growth hormone it's made in our brain in the pituitary gland it's mostly secreted at night during our sleep this hormone stimulates the mtor enzyme in our cells including in our muscle cells so this mtor enzyme is responsible for growth of the cell or at the very least preventing shrinkage of that muscle cell so having optimal circadian patterns of these hormones helps contribute to a healthier body composition on the flip side sleep deprivation can lead to increased levels of your hunger hormone so that's going to cause more food cravings the risk of muscle loss while taking glp-1s is just one important reason why people on these medications should be under the supervision of a weight loss expert who is familiar with these drugs and who deeply understands that lifestyle is incredibly important especially especially when it comes to nutrition understanding metabolic Health exercise and sleep it's also important that people be monitored while taking these drugs by a physician who knows them well that way it can be custom tailored and adjustments made as necessary and if you want to book a consult with me go ahead and click on the link in this video or in the link that I put in the description below and I'll see you soon

- Ozempic, Trulicity, Mounjaro: The Best Time To Take For Best Results!: Kind: captions Language: en when is the best time to take ozempic or trulicity or monjero or bidorion hey everybody it is your friend here talking about a question I get asked a lot in my clinic when is the best time to take my once a week glp-1 medication which includes Eurozone pic trulicity mungero by Darion you name it while your doctor is always the best person to ask for a specific advice on when to take each type of medication but I'm your doctor too right I can give you some general advice not a personal one but I can give you some general advice there are some consistent rules of thumb that you can follow taking a medication that has a long Half-Life might give you some Freedom when it comes to what time of the day you take it for example if you take the medication once a week and it has a long Half-Life just like those once a week medications typically after the fourth dose you will have pretty consistent medicine levels in your system so it won't matter whether you take your doses at 8 am on Monday or 6 p.m on Sunday you are still getting the same thing because you have consistent levels in your system however starting a new glp-1 medication on Monday when you are heading to work may seem like a great idea but you may be in for a nasty surprise why because it can take up to 48 hours for the powerful side effects of for example trulicity to kick in so if you don't want some explosive diarrhea disrupting your nine to five the very next day it is best to start your medication on a day without plans or obligations don't let your workload get in the way of an effective and comfortable work week schedule so your new glp-1 routine should be starting at a time when you have some free time in the next few days if you accidentally miss a day that happens a lot right don't fret just make sure to jump back into your routine as soon as you can remember as long as the next dose isn't less than 48 hours away you should be able to get back on track without a hitch skipping one day one set you back too much but it is important not to make it a pattern just do your best and keep moving forward so listen up while it can be really tempting to take those meds no matter what if the side effects include vomiting don't do it because some people just keep vomiting and they say oh you know I lose weight on this medication I'll keep vomiting not a good idea the warning about kidney failure due to dehydration is some serious stuff okay so medication can diminish your appetite which is great and but also make you puke like nobody's business and if your blood sugar is already high that is a Surefire recipe for dehydration so just say no to vomiting mats so if you're vomiting don't take it if you take any of these meds and your back is aching Don't Panic there's also a side effect it's not your kidneys don't worry the kidneys don't hurt in a kidney failure so it is typically a side effect of a medicine which has no Rhyme or Reason but it's typically like a muscle pain in Your Flank area in the back it's like the universe went oh let's make this experience just a little bit less enjoyable and added an extra helping of back pain to the mix not very fun huh but uh hey at least it isn't anything serious right so I guess it is time for me to go I think I talked too much you guys keep telling me keep it short keep it short keep it short well don't worry I'm leaving you with plenty of Mystery we have only scratched the surface in this conversation and although we have come to a timely conclusion here there is still so much more left to be explored with these medications I know a lot of you are on them so you hide it or not I know you you love those medications most of you do and uh most of you also have trouble affording them uh most of you also have side effects but anyways knowing is the power knowing what you're doing is the most important thing and until next time stay healthy stay happy hey guys I hope you are enjoying this channel so far and I hope you subscribed already if you didn't do it and if you did watch this video right there I think that will help you too

- 12 Things You Should NEVER Mix with Ozempic or Mounjaro: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome or welcome back to the channel. Um, today we're tackling a big one. 12 things you should never mix with WGOi or Zepound and even those Zepic or Mjaro if you're on one of those instead. Now, some of these are common sense. Um, some may surprise you, but all of them all of them matter because they can either make side effects worse or completely derail your weight loss progress. And trust me, over the years, I've seen patients accidentally mix these medications uh with things that seemed harmless at the time only to end up with serious side effects or sabotage results or needing to stop the medications altogether when it could be avoided. So grab a notebook or just go ahead and like this video so you can come back to it because knowing what to combine and what not to combine with Wobbio and Zbound could save you from a lot of unnecessary frustration. And here's a spoiler alert. Number nine is something I guarantee most people watching this video right now have done without even thinking twice. And no, it's not Taco Bell, though we might talk about fast food before this video is over. Let's dive in. Starting with number one, alcohol in excess. A glass of wine with dinner, no big deal. The uh occasional margarita usually fine, but mixing way or zeppbound with heavy drinking is a recipe for disaster. Why? Because alcohol and GLP1 medications both affect your digestive system and your pancreas. Together, they dramatically increase your risk of nausea, vomiting, and dehydration. And in the rarest of cases, even pancreatitis, a potentially lifethreatening condition for some folks. And here's a kicker. Dehydration is already a concern. And you add alcohol and you've just doubled or tripled your alcohol um hangover before the party even begins. And not exactly the lifestyle change we're aiming for. So, does this mean that you can u never enjoy a drink? Not at all. Moderation is key. And if you choose to have a drink, hydrate well. Pair it with food and keep it occasional. Remember, your weight loss journey isn't just about the scale. It's about protecting your long-term health. And overdoing it with alcohol is never worth the risk. But keeping a well- balanced, healthy lifestyle um makes it a lot easier to maintain for a longer period of time. Number two, sugary drinks, sodas, energy drinks, which for for me always is a nogo for for many reasons. Doesn't matter if you're on medications or not. Add on sweet teas or those giant coffee creations loaded with syrup. These are some of the biggest culprits I see. Mixing them with wiggle beer zepp is like pressing the gas and the break at the same time. The medications are working hard to regulate your appetite and blood sugar while that sugary drink is spiking it right back up and keeping it there. What happens next? Your body gets super confused. Blood sugar swings make you feel sluggish. you get irritable and more likely to crave even more sugar in the long term. And that's a vicious cycle that completely completely undermines the progress you're trying to make. Now, if you crave flavor, you don't have to resign yourself to just plain old water for the rest of your life. Sparkling water with a squeeze of lemon or naturally flavored celzer can give you variety without the um sugar crash. And if you need more, try naturally fresh squeezed juices or or thin smoothies um with your favorite fruit. Small swaps like this make a difference, a big difference. And remember, you're not just cutting calories, you're rewiring habits for lasting health. And number three, skipping meals entirely. Yes, OB and Zapbound are powerful at lowering appetite. That's why some patients think h well if I'm not hungry, I'll just skip eating altogether. That's wrong move. Skipping meals doesn't mean your body is thriving. It means your body is being starved of essential nutrients. Now, I'm not talking about intermittent fasting. That's a plan. I'm talking about people who are supposed to eat and just forgot to eat or don't eat. And over time, that leads to dizziness, fatigue, nutrient deficiencies, and even slowed metabolism. Think of it this way. Not eating at all isn't the same as eating healthy. There are zero healthy nutrients in an air sandwich. Then the medication should be a tool to help you make better choices, not an excuse to avoid food altogether. Instead, aim for balanced meals. Remember, eat lean proteins, vegetables, healthy fats, good fruit, and fiber richch carbs, even if the portions are smaller than before. That's the beauty of the GLP1s. They give you the appetite control to make smarter choices without feeling the pride. The goal is nourishment, not starvation. Your body will thank you with energy, clearer focus, and sustainable weight loss. On to number four, ultrarocessed fast food. Here's the fast food dragging part of the video. We need to talk about drive-thru culture. And on Rego Up, your stomach empties more slowly, and that's part of how the medication work, and it keeps you feeling fuller longer. But then you combine that with greasy, ultrarocessed fast foods and create a digestive equivalent of a traffic jam in Miami at like 5 in the afternoon going north. Don't want to be there. Fried foods, double cheeseburgers, loaded fries, while they may taste great, they tend to sit in your stomach like a brick, especially on the GLP ones. The result, bloating, nausea, indigestion, and sometimes even vomiting. Patients often come back saying, "Doc, I don't know why I felt so terrible after that meal. It tasted so good." Well, your body was trying to tell you something, buddy. And now, does this mean you can never enjoy a treat again? No. But when you do, keep it intentional, not impulsive. Instead of grabbing the greasiest option, consider light of choice, even at a fast food spot. Small upgrades prevent major regrets. Remember, your medication is a tool and not a shield against poor choices. And number five, highfat heavy meals. This one deserves its own category, even after our trip through the drive-thru. Creamy Alfredo pasta, fried chicken nuggets, or triple patty burgers dripping with cheese. These highfat calorie dense meals, even at home, already take a long time to digest. add wiggo or zbound which slows digestion further and now you're setting yourself up for hours of discomfort. Patients often describe it as PLA as a food just sits there and and that food coma you used to joke about once it's amplified. It's anything but funny beyond discomfort. Consistently eating this way sabotages your weight loss results. A smarter approach, balance your plate. You don't have to eliminate fats entirely. They're essential for hormone health and satiety, but keep portions reasonable and pair them with lean proteins and fiber. It's about eating smarter and not stricter. That way, you enjoy your meals and support your health and avoid regretting dinner all night long. Numero dehydration. I already touched on this a little bit ago, but but let's go deeper because this one sneaks up on people and sneaks up pretty quickly. WGO and Zbound don't just reduce appetite. They actually directly cause excessive uh urination through a process called nitriesis or salt wasting. And this is a good thing in a way because that salt wasting also causes a slight drop in blood pressure which is a problem for many overweight patients. That's hypertension is a problem. And the issue is you can't pee salt alone. So you end up losing water at the same time. Couple that with the fact that these meds sometimes pull your thirst signals too hard and that means it's easy to forget to drink water. Before you know it, you're dehydrated. Constipation, headaches, fatigue, and dizziness may all set in. And if that keeps on going without being addressed, we can even see kidney function slowing down. And here's a mistake I see often. Patients think coffee, soda, or wine count as hydration. They don't. In fact, they can make dehydration worse. The fix: Build water into your daily routine. Keep a refillable bottle nearby. set phone reminders or flaming your water to with cucumber or citrus if you need to. Aim for a steady intake throughout the day, not just guzzling at night. Here's a general rule. During the day, drink half your body weight in ounces of water. If you weigh 150 lbs, that would be about 75 ounces of water daily. And if you sweat a lot like me, you need to do a little more to replace the extra losses. Hey, let's take a quick pause right here because if you want deeper support, we've already helped over 100 women inside my online lifestyle community group. You'll get two live calls with me each month, my full GLP-1 boot camp, 14 step-by-step videos, a place to uh compete in our monthly challenges for prizes, and direct access to myself and to my team for ongoing counseling all through the month. So, you're never alone. Click the link below. I'd love to see you inside. Let's keep this list going though. Number seven, skipping sleep. This one surprises people. How does sleep connect away goi or zepout? Here's the deal. Sleep deprivation reres havoc on your hunger hormones even though the medication blinks appetite. Poor sleep drives cravings for carbs and sugar. Think again. This guy go away. So, you may not feel hungry, but suddenly you're reaching for snacks late at night or overeating at breakfast, and that's your body's survival mode kicking in. Studies show that one night of poor sleep can spike cravings by 30% or more. And on top of that, lack of sleep disrupts insulin and sensitivity, uh, slows recovery, and increases stress hormones, all working against your progress. So, don't sabotage your own results by burning the midnight oil a little too much. Aim for 7 to eight hours of sleep, quality sleep a night, and building routine. Dim the screens before bed and treat sleep as non-negotiable. Because in lifestyle medicine, recovery and planned downtime is just as important as diet and exercise. Here's number eight, other diabetes medications. And that's without supervision. This is a big one. WGO and Zeppon are often prescribed alongside other diabetes medications. But here's the danger. If you mix them with drugs like sulfuras or insulin without careful supervision, someone who knows what they're doing, your blood sugar may plummet to dangerously low levels. Now, it doesn't happen often, but the risk is high due to lack of appetite as soon as the correct dose for each person is met. Now, hypoglycemia isn't just uncomfortable, it's actually unsafe. The shakiness, sweating, confusion, even fainting is common. It's not something you want to risk or want to go through. That's why communication with your doctor is non-negotiable. Don't play pharmacist at home. Your medical team needs to know exactly what you're taking so doses can be adjusted safely and appropriately. The takeaway, be proactive. Bring a list of all your medications and supplements to your appointments. Ask your provider, are there any adjustments I should make while I'm on WGOI? This shows you're a partner in your care, not just a passive patient, and it keeps you safe. Now, let's talk about number nine, the one most people barely talk about, um, unless I ask, and that's taking over the counter supplements without telling your doctor. This is one of the most common mistakes I see. Um, and patients start WGOI or Zepound, but they're also sipping detox teas or or popping skinny gummies or trying fat burner powders they order online. They think they think because there's no prescription involved, no doctor, and they and needed to purchase that it's no big deal. That's the issue. Just because something is herbal, quote unquote, or over-the-counter doesn't mean it's harmless. Many of these supplements mess with blood sugar, hydration, or even your heart. and some interact dangerously with prescription medications like the GLP1 agonist. The solution is simple transparency. Always tell your doctor what supplements you're actually on, even if it feels silly. Bring the bottles, write a list, or take snapshots on your phone. That one step, that one step could actually prevent a serious complication. Now, remember, supplements in the US are unregulated. What's on the label? Is it always what's in the bottle? Protect yourself by being open and asking questions. And a good doctor like me won't judge you. They'll will actually appreciate your honesty and help you separate safe from sketchy. Here's one that may happen in the middle of your journey, and that's no fault by of your own, and that's antibiotics and steroids. Antibiotics and steroids are common prescriptions, but if you're taking white goi or zapbound, you need to be extra cautious. Steroids in particular can spike blood sugar and blunt the effects of your GLP1 medications. That means slow progress and more side effects. Now, this doesn't mean you can't take them. It only means sometimes antibiotics or steroids are absolutely absolutely necessary and the problem comes when patients don't mention they're on Wiggoi or is zbound without that context. Your doctor can't adjust your treatment plan. So always speak up if you're prescribed new meds. Say hey by the way I'm currently on way do I need any adjustments? That one question keeps you safe and ensures your progress stays on track and keeps the stress down from your doctor. Trust me, healthcare works best when it's a collaboration, not when you leave your doctor guessing. Number 11. Now, don't shoot the messenger. Too much caffeine. Coffee lovers, don't panic. You don't need to give up your morning brew. There's a difference between one cup of coffee and slamming three coladas for energy drinks back to back. Here's a problem with Goian and Zepbound already increase your risk of nausea and dehydration. And add in highdose caffeine and you're compounding the effects. Shaking hands, erasing heart, stomach cramps, and even nausea. Caffeine in moderation is just fine. In fact, it can actually support focus and performance. But know your limits. Stick to moderate intake, hydrate alongside it, and avoid using caffeine as a substitute for lack of sleep. Think of it this way. The medication is helping you build consistency and health. Too much caffeine just adds chaos back into the system. And finally, number 12, shady medication sources. And here's the one I wish I didn't have to say, but I do. Please do not mix Obi or Zepbound with questionable shopping decisions. Every week I hear stories. I got mine from a Facebook group or my hairdresser sold me this out of the mini fridge by the wings or the nice lady at the dollar store had extras in the back and she sold it to me for half price. No. Just no. Your health is not a bargain bin purchase. And unregulated sources mean you don't actually know what you're injecting. Wrong doses, contaminated products, expired pens. These are real risks. And the consequences can be serious, deathly serious. So protect yourself. Stick to licensedarmacies, trusted providers like myself, and legitimate sources. Saving a few bucks isn't worth risking your health or your life. Quick reminder, only 20% of you watching are subscribed right now. And if you've made it this far, you're clearly committed to your health. Subscribing is the easiest way to support this channel and help more people access real medical education and you will automatically see more of this helpful content. It's a win win. So, hit that button. It truly means a lot and helps grow the channel more than you know. So, there you have it. A helpful list of 12 things you should never never mix with or Zepout. Some were obvious, I'll admit it. some sneaky and some may be even funny, but all of them, like I said, all of them are real risks. And here's something you should absolutely positively mix with your journey, and that's my free GLP-1 boot camp. You'll get my nutrition guide and 14 days of practical strategies to maximize results safely while you're on these medications. The link's in the description below. So, uh, go ahead and check it out. And now it's time. Stay healthy, stay informed, and I will see you soon.

- 12 Months on Mounjaro- I'm Done: Kind: captions Language: en It's been exactly 12 months since I started taking Mounjaro and I never thought I'd be in the situation that I'm in now. So today I want to explain exactly what that is. I want to talk about some of the common pitfalls for people who've been on these medications for a little bit longer and I want to share with you my exciting news and what I've been up to over the last few weeks. First let's talk about maintenance. If you've ever been on a diet, somebody has probably said to you that losing weight is hard but maintaining that weight loss is even harder. So when it came to GLP-1s, I wanted to know how people were doing this differently and I've been looking at clinicians all over the world and how they're approaching maintenance with their patients. And so commonly the approach is get them to weigh themselves regularly, keep them accountable, keep them focused on keeping that weight off. And it almost feels like you've committed a crime of being a fat person and must forever be accountable to that. And I know that's not what it is. I know that's not the way it's intended and this may be necessary for some people given whatever their underlying causes of obesity are. But for me the ultimate goal of being on these medications isn't just about the smaller body. I keep putting down the smaller body aspect in my videos but it is a big deal. It does make a big difference and it is wonderful but it's not everything. And actually the bigger win is to free yourself mentally from the mental aspects of obesity, the constant checking your food, the constant obsessing over your body size and weighing yourself, all those things. And what is so exciting to report in today's video is that I didn't realize that I'd achieved that a few weeks ago. I was out for dinner with some friends and they were just being very complimentary as to how I looked and told me about my body which they meant really really well. And they said to me, "How much have you lost now in total?" And I realized I didn't know because the batteries went in our scale a few weeks ago and I haven't replaced them. And they said, "Oh you must be dying to know." And I thought, "No, not really. I'm not actually not that bothered about how much I weigh on the scale cuz when I wake up every day I feel happy in my body." And they said, "Do you worry about gaining weight back? Do you feel like you're monitoring for weight regain?" And I said, "No, I don't really think about it." And then they asked me how many calories I was eating a day and again I wasn't really sure. So they asked me what my approach to food was and I don't have any food rules whatsoever. I eat pretty much what I fancy but also mindfully. I really try and think about what I'm eating and have I eaten enough of different things and I'm really trying to incorporate more and more different foods into my diet and eat as many veggies as I can. And so I eat to really nourish my mind and my body and feel like it's indulgent but I don't really have any restrictions whatsoever. And when I was sat there I just suddenly realized that I'm not even trying. I'm not even trying to lose weight. I'm no longer part of all this diet culture stuff. It's all completely gone and it is so freeing. And it was a real moment of both extreme excitement because being free of that stuff is as big as losing the weight. But at the same time there was a little bit of sadness because this has been a lifetime battle. Trying to have a really relaxed and healthy attitude towards food and my body has been a lifetime in the making. And I sat there and realized that there was no fanfare, there was no party, it was just kind of a quiet contentment and as great as that was, I wanted a party. And it's so nice to know that you can get to this point. So many people that I see talking about being on these medications for longer are exhibiting a lot of really quite eating disordered views and are really obsessive, obsessed with their body in a way that I don't think you have to be which I do think we can guide people away from. But while you're on these medications, whilst you're working on the body, you also have to work on your mind. I talk to a lot of people who've been diagnosed with ADHD and autism as adults. And what is a really common thing to hear in these patients is them say things like, "Oh I wish I could go back and tell my former self not to worry about all these things that were so problematic and not to blame yourself for all these things." Because actually once you get the diagnosis, it's like you understand yourself so much better. There's been a bit of that for me with a GLP-1. Going on it I thought, "Oh why did I beat myself up for years? I have spent decades reading books and studying myself and overanalyzing everything and trying to work out why I'm so useless." And then I've gone on this medication which has fixed things that I've realized were beyond my control. And I've spent so long regretting that over the last year. And actually what I realized over the last few weeks is that all of that study and all of that effort has resulted in me molding a mindset where I can actually get completely free of everything and I am now so grateful to it. I'm so grateful that I spent all this time because particularly when I talk to a lot of people on these medications, so many do not have a healthy mindset cuz they're not getting any support to do that. But I've no desire to change my body anymore and that is really really exciting and it is a place you can get to. From a very rambly point to one that's less so, I am currently taking 2.5 mg of Mounjaro. This is the dose that I've always taken throughout my whole weight loss journey. I intend to stay on it for the long term. Not just because I want to maintain the weight loss but because I want to maintain the health benefits that I've talked about in my previous videos. And I don't know how to clear up my acne rosacea without the medication. So I'm staying on it. The only negative for me staying on Mounjaro is the cost and obviously the worry about how do you get a hold of it because it's not available through the usual channels for somebody like me on the NHS. But I think it is worth staying on the medication for the amount of benefit that I get. Do I worry about the long term risks and side effects? Honestly no. I worry a lot more about how I used to be. I had a lot of health problems in a bigger body that have now cleared up and those are more threatening to me than the risks of the medication. A common question that I get is have I ever considered microdosing particularly because I've mentioned before on this channel that if I miss a dose or I take a dose late I don't feel any different. I am not going to consider microdosing because on 2.5 mg I get maximum benefit. I have no side effects. I'm living my best life. Why would I try and reduce it? The only reason to reduce it would be to try and save money. And for me my most important thing is always the health over the money aspect of things. Everyone's allowed to again differ in their opinion on that. But when it comes to taking a dose that hasn't been studied and tried and tested, why would I do that when it's not even going to benefit me financially because I'm not somebody who's going to use the pen beyond its expiry. There are some people out there who will say use the pen beyond its expiry, it'll be fine. But I don't know how we can say that cuz we have literally no studies on that. And so in the same way I wouldn't eat moldy food, I'm not going to inject an expired medication. The other thing to bear in mind is that this medication has brought me such incredible benefit that I really want to try and make sure I can take it for as long as possible. And one of the reasons that I might have to stop is if I develop side effects. And if I develop side effects because I've been tweaking and playing with my dose, I'd feel very different about that to if I develop them when I've been taking it as is recommended. The thing that I see people again commonly doing when they've been on this medication for longer is people get more confident with it. You get those going from "Oh I can't bring myself to give my first injection" to "Oh let's crack open this pen and do a golden dose. I'm going to I'm going to change my dosing regime from whatever's recommended to what I saw somebody on the internet say." And people get more confident at tweaking and playing with things and they keep tweaking and playing with things that we don't need to play with. We should be tweaking and playing with our lifestyle with the support of a GLP-1, not tweaking and playing with the medication to try and obtain a lifestyle. People are using it the wrong way around and I think some get bored after a few months and start doing this and just get a lot more confident. The other thing is novelty wears off and for a lot of people in those first few months you can get rapid weight loss for some, the changes in how you feel are amazing and then the novelty wears off. And that loss of novelty and that loss of dopamine I think for some people results in them feeling like they're not getting progress even if they're still progressing just because it doesn't have the same intensity. And so that's why they start doing this stuff. Don't be one people. If you are losing, if you are heading towards whatever goal you have with your current regime, you don't need to keep playing around with it. Just let it work, let it take its time and focus on something else because ultimately we're all going to get to points in our lives where our weight is not the most important thing, we're trying to focus on other things. And so maybe having that lack of intensity sometimes makes your journey much more manageable and realistic in the long term as well. So yeah, for me I'm staying on it long term. I'm more than happy with that and that is my personal assessment. I know that won't be the same for everyone. I do find it very interesting that there's no controversy about people taking this long term for type 2 diabetes or lots of other medications that have come out after GLP-1s that people are taking long term and nobody's worried about the long term side effects of those. It's just the weight management medications. So my weight loss journey is over and it is so exciting to be moving on to the next thing which is supporting other people with theirs. And that's what I've been up to over the last few weeks. I sat down with the BBC to give an interview for our documentary they're making on GLP-1s. Now I'm not sure I was the most coherent at this point because that morning I had spent hours sat down with the medical regulator here in the UK and they gave me the green light for my own clinic here which will be an online remote clinic that people can book into and I can do one-to-one consultations online and support people with weight management and GLP-1s. So I'm really really excited for that. I'm not opening a pharmacy, it's not actually the medications, it's the consultation and the information and making sure people are doing what's right for them and being able to support them with that, that's what I'm looking to offer. Though I have partnered with a lovely little pharmacy that I found here in Manchester. So if people do want to get their medications through the clinic, that is a possibility as well. So yeah, all the information will be live on the website. The clinic opens its doors on Monday the 20th of October, so that's next week. And obviously those are online virtual doors. The website will be going live this Wednesday so people can go and have a look at it from then which I'm really excited for. It would just be so nice to actually work with individuals. And while I've been waiting for the clinic to open over the last few months, I have actually gone back to working in the NHS. So I've been working in an NHS practice and I picked one that's very innovative and I've kind of gone back on a scheme where I can do longer appointments with patients. So it pays peanuts but I actually get to do a job I enjoy. But it's been quite heartbreaking going back into the NHS after a few years away, seeing the difference and the deterioration in the standard of care has been quite shocking to me. At the same time, when I'm supporting patients in my private clinic, I want to be able to know what's available on the NHS, how the NHS is actually working, what services are actually running, um and how things are going, and also to have that wide view of health care. As much as I want my focus to be on obesity, obesity affects so many systems of the body, and being up-to-date with everything else is so incredibly important. So, yeah, that's what I've been doing over the last few weeks. I've been working a few days in the NHS, getting the clinic open, doing lots of things allied to all of this, but it's been really, really exciting. But yeah, when it comes to my own weight loss journey, I'm done. I do want to share with you more about my running though, cuz I'm really, really enjoying that. It makes me very happy. So, that is it for today's video. I am done when it comes to the weight loss, and who knows, maybe in the future that will change. Maybe I will suddenly develop side effects, or I'll lose all the benefits, or something will happen. And if it does, I'll share that. Because if I'm prepared to share the positive, as we know, I'm more than happy to share the negative as well. So, that's really, really important. And you might think, well, how much have you really been done with the weight loss if you're open-minded to things like that happening in the future? But that's life. There's always twists and turns in life that you don't see coming. People's health can change at any point, and that's something I really have gained an appreciation of with 20 years in health care. So, all you can ever say is that right now, this is where I'm at, and I am really happy, and I never thought I would have a right now like this.

- Scientists find that the weight-loss drug Mounjaro can reduce the risk of some diseases: Kind: captions Language: en Let's get you some health headlines now. More people are turning to weight loss drugs to shed unwanted pounds. -- And -- with so many options to choose from, a new study found that one type that does more for your overall health. Doctors at the Cleveland Clinic compared two popular medications, daglutide, which is sold under the brand name Trulicity, and Trizeettide, which is sold under Zebound and Manjaro. While they found both medications work the same way, doctors say that rizepetide was linked to lower risk for heart and kidney disease. There was about a 16% lower risk of all of the six endpoints pooled together, but very impressively, there was also a 16% reduction in death due to all causes. And the study also found that side effects in the stomach were more common when using medications like Zebound and Manjaro. A 3rd wave of weight loss drugs already in the works, and experts hope that it can push weight loss further without the health risks. Let's go.

- The Exploitation of Anna Nicole Smith | GRWM: Kind: captions Language: en let's see how you look let's pull the camera back a little sassy and has trimmed about 80. i love all of you guys how many things you should gain a few pounds [Applause] how many things it's just right right now yeah this is so not right hello lovelies welcome back you're here on a tuesday and tuesdays is where we do deep dives into the environmental social ethical issues with the world and we also do deep dives into a person a tragic icon we're talking about anna nicole smith today you don't know anything about her well i'll give you a very brief introduction in just in case so she's actually the playboy bunny who married a millionaire who was like about 60 years her senior she got labelled as a gold digger and a druggie and people used her as a puncher bag for literally like 20 years of her life as well across all forms of media oh and also she's regarded as like one of the most beautiful women around in the world uh but she's only mostly known for her body so does that sound about right when we we're talking about women in general right yeah yeah everyone in agreement yeah cool so that's what we're talking about today the real person though so you my lovelies actually chose the look that i would recreate this was the hardest thing to be able to like narrow down as well if you aren't following me on ig as well because in my stories that is how i get information about what topics you want me to cover so that's how we've got like all of our spooky stories for halloween sorted for the whole month of october so if you're not following me do check me out right there until i hit that 1k mark and i can finally make my marilyn monroe video that's just how we communicate that's just the best way to do it obviously i really really do appreciate you commenting and subscribing because that's how i can grow on this channel it makes a massive difference to me so thank you so so so much if you do that and also special thanks to kimmy as well one of my subscribers you've been here for many years and also you're the one that actually put me onto many of these resources that i've used for this video so thank you so so much because i know that you're an anna nicole smith fan so thank you all of my sources as always are in the description box down below as well as all the products i've used on my face everything is cruelty free vegan not owned by parrot companies that tesla animals as always we know that she didn't like to wear fur she still ate chicken but hey she's still kind of an animal advocate in some sort of way now my loves we do have some trigger warnings i do want to talk you through today because your mental health matters there's going to be mentions of death overdose fat phobia and body shaming in general pill taking an addiction now whilst it wasn't actually proven that she had a pill addiction or anything i know the topics i'm going to be bringing up especially for a big portion of this video is actually going to be triggering if you have had a pill addiction in the past so i just want to raise that with you because i want you to leave this video able to have a good day at the end of it i do not want to ruin anybody's day that's never really my intention yes let's get right on into it if you think we're not having some wine with this then sorry her childhood oh vicky lynn which is her real name i'm pretty sure that you'll know that so her childhood was not exactly what we would refer to as being a good one she grew up in what i consider to be a pretty big household in the outskirts of houston texas her father left when she was like two months old he was like a really really bad person according to her mother her and her mother did not have a very good relationship she actually really didn't like her mother wow isn't this becoming a theme with a lot of these people bad parents wouldn't you imagine that stuff that happens to you in childhood can actually affect you all the way to adulthood therapy should be free so her mother was like super super strict she remarried and allegedly allowed terrible things to happen to anna unspeakable sort of stuff like she doesn't talk about that time very much that's kind of like this vibe of the fact that her parents wanted stuff from her like for example there was a christmas that she threw for them and she was really excited because she could finally actually afford to do that and they left after like 30 minutes after taking like the very expensive gifts that she bought for them so whenever her mother talks in interviews basically i don't really trust what she says because of what anna has said about her and i'm i'm more inclined to believe the victim and a lot of you will know that she actually moved to america in texas like just a little further out like tiny tiny little town she dropped out of school when she was a freshman so she didn't actually complete her high school so this is obviously important because we know that the prejudice that comes with not completing your schooling blah blah blah like the real story behind why she dropped out was because like there was a fight that happened from her friend who beat her up no one stood up and no one did anything including the teacher that saw it eventually broke it up after five like knockout punches she was just humiliated so she went to work and him and the brothers they were like come out here we want to finish a job and like luckily another fry kirk was there that like stood up for her but it's like this awful traumatic experience not only that but she really really struggled at school just don't get me started on the way that school is actually like fail children in a lot of cases and then she was just working at jim's crispy fried chicken she married the fry cook and she had her son daniel then as well because like she was lonely she was literally trapped in this house and she couldn't get away she couldn't do anything like he wouldn't even let her go to like the store and so she figured like the way to not be lonely anymore is to have a child please don't do that not a good reason to have a child she was still working at this time and like her husband would call up and then she figured out that he was actually abusing her son after six months she was like okay i actually need to go and so they left i haven't found a single interview of her actually talking about that experience and if she don't want to talk about the trauma that's absolutely fine but then after she left she then got into stripping and she went to a gentleman's club in houston texas like she moved back to texas so then she could earn more money be away from this abusive husband in this small town that would very easily find you but of course when she went to this gentleman's club like she didn't actually realize like how seedy it was and so she went in there and she like basically ran out she was freaking out she was not prepared for this right then again she went back because it's like she got fifty dollars and she's like this is so much money like oh my god life changing and so then she went back and she continued working there for three years and during this time is when she got her boob jobs done but then this is not really talked about but those boob jobs would actually come to haunt her for much of her life actually this is just what happened to her because they were so darn big you know by getting them bigger you get more money right now the exploitation but around this time like close to the three-year mark like jay howard marshall rolled on in the oil tycoon so we kind of know where the story goes from here so he paid for a lap dance from her and this was after his wife had passed so heartbroken he went to a strip club like i don't know exactly how soon after she had passed away but yep whatever whatever you do to deal with your grief and basically from there he just plucked her out of it and was just like no you don't have to live this life anymore i'm gonna take care of you so who wouldn't take up that opportunity instead of being literally manhandled in the worst ways for the past three years poor anna so let's talk a little bit about love so j howard marshall was in his eighties when they met and she was like very early twenties so there was like over a six year age gap between them now the thing is that he actually proposed to her many times during their time together but she was always like i want to make something of myself first because i do not want to be labeled as a gold digger guess what still happened then love was sincere but it's not like being in love in the way that we think of like why people would get married today now i need to remind you once again like marriage was a thing as like property ownership literally historically it's like you go from your father and you get sold to the next person that's gonna own you it was about connections it was about security of assets that was what it was about it was the transaction but they had like this deep affection for each other a bit more like the way that you think it's like a grandfather or like a role model figure has towards a child which when i say it sounds super super creepy but that was just kind of how it was but it wasn't the fact that they didn't like have a deep connection together because honestly like i've watched way too much of the anti-coal show to know how much like she deeply cared for him and sam was in the court cases sims and everything like she really did have like this deep affection for him almost like he was a savior of her like it was like legit it's not the fact that she was just like i'm gonna manipulate this old man and get all of his money no it was actually like this connection that they had because he was dealing with heartbreak she was dealing with a whole bunch of like dark stuff too and it's like you can create that connection and if you go saying about gold digger bs i'm actually just gonna delete the comments so buy hater leave the comment leave the engagement but then i'm gonna delete it can people just acknowledge the fact that we don't know what everyone is dealing with in their lives which drives them to do certain things that they do so he actually gave her the resources that she could never actually afford for her son he cared for her heaps they had a lot of fun together they lived a good life together and then after they've been together for two whole years she then got married to him so it was only after two years and of course like all of the playboy stuff happened during this time as it as well so that was when of course like the famous like photos came out about their wedding and then everyone was like oh my god look at this girl figure oh what a piece of trash because you know hating on women is just like such a fun pastime they get married nuptials lovely and boom she gets branded with being a gold digger which is a label that doesn't really shift ever people didn't actually care that they were both happy they didn't care that neither one of these parties were being taken advantage of and also the fact that she had actually said no so so so many times for that whole relationship like he asked to marry her in a week of being together and she's like if she wanted the money she could have just married him instantly his son was executor of the estate and kind of like looked after the will and all the paperwork and all of that fun stuff which kind of determines who gets what when someone passes away you know all that fun stuff yeah he was in charge of that it wouldn't be up to him to be able to manipulate stuff now would it in the conversations that anna and jay howard marshall actually had he was gonna leave her half of everything all of that good stuff however none of that was actually put in writing and then of course let's use the decade-long court battle which i won't go into too much detail on here because i would really love a lawyer to react to this the person that was representing j howard marshall's estate is like the typical kind of lawyer that you think of in your head when you think of an evil lawyer rusty even all the way up to supreme court and this is where the very famous line screw you rusty comes out honestly i'm with anna on this the public everyone was actually on anna's side until rusty came after her in like awful awful ways now anna was not a smart person she dropped out of school at 15 and she'd never gotten like further education anything like she's learned how to survive effectively like if you think of it on the streets and so you get a particular kind of smart sim but you don't get smarts when you're able to actually stand up for yourself in court and understand all of the manipulation tactics the huge words that are being used against you everything so basically the way that this caught like proceeding all went down was really awful for someone that isn't educated enough in this but this is also where she met helen k stern i had a lot of thoughts on him which we'll be talking about in a whole separate section wow so anyway getting back to love so a while after his passing she met photographer larry birkhead and when she did she was like okay i actually want to hire you to do the photography for me when i do like this like children's camp thing so that's exactly what happened and this is where larry actually saw her in a way that wasn't actually just playing up for the cameras or for men so he saw her in this like more natural state and it just saw like the amount of care compassion joy happiness that she actually had when she was around children and this is when he was like dang this woman's amazing so they get into a relationship soon afterwards which goes on for many many years it was quite a tumultuous relationship like he described it as being like a war of the roses thing that was what they would joke about a lot that's a movie on disney which i think i'm gonna watch tonight because uh i actually want to have a weekend rather than spending all of my time researching for this video like for real for real split up this time she told him that she was pregnant and then obviously everything changed and then she started to get weaned off her many medications as well which we'll be talking about again later this is where things start to get like really wild because and then close to the time that danny lam was about to be born like she actually escaped her the bahamas and she didn't take larry with her but she took howard yeah how he cased it and that dude that one yeah her manager lawyer agent lover so many things that this person just happened to wind themselves up in within a nicole and it was actually really at the bahamas everything bad absolutely started to happen and at the bahamas too a month after the thing that we would have wish upon our worst animes happened um there was actually a commitment ceremony between her and howard like honestly i don't think there was any love there only possession but we'll be talking about that okay so there is the love life summed up really like she also had some dates here and there with some people who honestly give me like a sex object with the key word here being object so you start your life to fame as a stripper right there it's gonna be one heck of a sticky label to try and get rid of it's a bit more like being branded for life sadly because the way that we treat women is just either or category with a madonna hall complex which i'll link up here as well and then if you actually become like a playboy cover girl oh my god it's almost like you're just wearing like the red scarlet letter on you all the time that's literally kind of like what happened to anna because it was like everyone's just gonna be thinking about them titties you know no one's gonna be thinking about anything else i could say so so so much about hugh hefner and the exploitation compound that he ran and the way that he completely exploited and abused women many women actually um in order to actually gain himself like further fame and glory and money um but that's a separate video strictly objectification it's not appreciation there's no connection there it's just object and this was how anna nicole smith was 100 branded object and trying to shake this off was like trying to i don't know you know when you use glitter and it just never leaves ever even if it's years ago that's kind of what dealing with this was like but it's almost like you just exploded a confetti cannon of glitter in your house and you're still trying to clean it up like 20 years later because that was the case for anna nicole smith so she absolutely struggled to fight this label that she was like being brandished as and like she really wanted to be a serious actress like she had this dream of being able to recreate all of marilyn monroe's movies so when she actually did the playboy stuff she really genuinely struggled to be able to actually do this as well like she was hiding in the dressing room just like oh my god oh my god like just freaking out she talks again in this interview the one interview where she gets treated as a humor which is funnily enough done by a swedish woman even though they still talk about her bobs the thing is that she knew to be able to get anywhere she had to do this opportunity like because it's how it gets sold an opportunity not an opportunity for other people to see you and objectify you and brandish you as being a terrible person for the rest of your life no and then also ask your son how do you feel about the fact that your mother's pose naked wow it's almost like as soon as you become a mother you're not allowed to be a sexual person anymore because obviously like she knew as everyone else knew that as a female your value relies on your youth your beauty your body and that really is it and of course we all know that as soon as you hit the age of 30 you turn into a soggy brown paper bag and that is just it but also it's like once this can be a thing of opportunity it also branded you as to which path you can go down it's very handmade's tail you know it's like do you get to wear blue or red so you get to wear red now because you've done this work and as soon as you've done anything to do with like some sort of sex work um you're not a human anymore and so that was kind of how she was treated again and again and again her whole life so even when she was doing acting so she did like these bit parts where she was just like she had a line and then she also got to go growl and that was it and i'm like okay she got a starring role eventually and then she gets put in like skyscraper and like there's a version of it on youtube and i was like okay let's see like i want to see if she can act and i was like this is softcore oh my god i was i wasn't expecting that but again that was because she kept on getting put in these roles where it was literally just about that part of her i wanted to see how she could act not if she could fake no because traditionally men wanted to do traditionally and sadly still in many respects men wanted you to be like this one particular thing and she knew what that was and she managed to play into it very well the whole marilyn monroe comparison because people would compare her to that even though in my opinion she's more like jane mansfield in terms of like her structure her body structure everything she reminds me a lot more of jane mansfield and she had like this very strong obsession with marilyn she thought that she was marilyn incarnate at one point she wanted to remake all of marilyn's movies she actually lived in the house that marilyn monroe died in as well like for a period of time she was obsessed with marilyn and she also carried around her vhs tapes but she never actually thought of herself as being like literally maryland because she recognized herself that no one could be as good as marilyn like no one can replace her but she almost saw her as being like this guardian angel of her you know so what people literally see when they look at anna and nicole is this object that's made specifically for playing chess with so she absolutely uses her advantage and played into it as well like you can see it like she loved the camera she loved the fans like she would do anything basically that they asked her to do because she's like this is positive attention that i'm getting and i need attention like like every woman is always taught like you're taught that you're meant to be appreciative of the value that you're given based on your looks you're taught that you're meant to want the attention and everyone's always taught that oh you want to be famous right like you're so pretty you want to be famous of course and so the more of that you get becomes like this high that you get as well the infamous incident with the 2004 amas let's talk so she goes on stage she appears to be out of her mind drunk or on something like slurring her words it's an infamous take which many many many many many people have actually you know parroted made into like skits and stuff including people like tina fey and amy poehler um i love amy poehler so this is very disappointing for me but this was actually just how it was at the time and of course like anna cole smith had become like the punching bag for everyone let's just talk about this because that never left her life like even though she passed away in 2007 for three years that was an incident that just haunted her so do you want to know the real story of why that actually happened well the night before she actually had a seizure like a full like grand mal seizure larry had no idea what to do but then when she came to afterwards like she was still like i'm not going to hospital i don't want all of the press to know where i am that would just not work well for me so what i'm going to do is i'm still going to hold my promise to kanye west because he had actually recently had her in his new video like he was an up-and-coming artist at the time because this was like 2004. and so she makes herself go to this thing i don't know if you've had any experience with people that had a seizure i have and depending on the person it can take days to recover from like some people have to get hospitalized for it but in my experience like speeches slurred for ages like they're just very much out of it and this was exactly what was happening to anna so she couldn't really function at all and so this is why you see like what appears to be a high mess on your hands when she actually just wanted to uphold a promise that she'd made to kanye west if people actually knew the truth i'm kind of hoping that they would have treated her better because it was disgusting to say the least the treatment that she got for most of her famous life after that court experience it was the courts that just ruined her image forever screw you rusty i hate rusty i hope he never gets the cold side of the pillow we need to talk about her body mostly her weight this covered most of her life sadly because that's all that woman's worth your looks the media and press disgusting to her everyone in general disgusting to her mostly about her body and her weight she was almost like this poster child for cringe culture because everyone regardless of where you stood would attack her and make her into the butt of the joke like constantly all the time always there's just elitism sexism fat phobia along with of course the classic staple of like shaming sex workers because they're not people right now i watched shan spears video this morning and i left her a comment about it because it just fit so perfectly in so i'm going to link her content down below for you so you'll understand if you watch that after you've watched this like what i mean by the fact that she was like kind of like the cringe culture sort of person that everyone could punch down to so you see in the early days she was objectified in every single way possible so especially in her like guest days any interview that i've seen of her she's made to stand up to show off her body audio and to just allow people to learn her and be like oh i'm loving this because like she did have this thing where she loved the attention from the camera i'm not going to deny that we're not also taught that we're meant to do that in particular as women there's a difference between like respecting someone and admiring their beauty and as a whole person like i've got no shame in doing that for people but i also like to point out there's a difference between that and objectification so when she actually gained weight which she actually talked about in her interviews as well because not only were they asking her about her weight gain and saying that she used to be the most beautiful woman in the world that she used to be beautiful that she used to be gorgeous what happened what happened to your body she said in the interviews i was really depressed i'm just struggling the way that they talk about her to her face saying that she doesn't care anymore saying that she's disgusting and she does the thing that we do right like she asks them it's like i don't understand can you explain like the same way that we do when we get asked or when when we get told like racist or sexist jokes or like asked inappropriate questions or something it's like can you explain that to me she says it to them and they outright just say well because you're fat now like how much weight have you gained they outright say that to her and you can see that she's struggling she's playing like she's absolutely trying to play the game of like not making anyone mad i felt phobia is a thing that big time existed and nineties and naughtiest if you don't know anything about it like it was very much okay to tell people it's like oh you've gained weight that kind of destroyed her quite a bit so what happened was like she was filming the anna nicole show is that theme song for you again and after the first season of that she kind of went into hiding for six months right that was when she teamed up with trump spa baby so she used these pills for the six months that she was actually gone and you take them six times a day and they stop you from being hungry and they're just like shrink your tummy it wasn't the fact that she went back to being anorexic or anything no unhealthy eating habits no there wasn't a lawsuit at all about like the misleading marketing that actually involved anna nicole smith as well no no stop it no there was nothing wrong with it so anyway she became like the ambassador for them and then because of all of this fat phobia all of their shaming against her and stuff she then came back afterwards like a beautiful butterfly and just got to show off her body or yachty again and people were like oh my god you look amazing oh we want to pay attention to you now because she kind of knows that the only way you can make it in hollywood is if you have a particular body type and you're able to actually make it that way so i don't know if she had to go for liposuction i don't know if she went into terrible eating habits i don't know if it was just the pills but all of it terrible the worst of all was the way that people treated her the fact that she succumbed to all of this like mental like manipulation that she was dealing with and bullying like i'm not surprised i more feel sorry for her that she felt like she had to do that and go to such an extreme it was around about like 68 pounds that she lost which is like 30 kgs like she lost close to 30 kgs which is huge for six months like that's dangerous so there wasn't something that was above board happening there is what i'm getting at but you know i guess that's internalized misogyny for you right gross gross gross gross the prescriptions now in case you didn't know anna actually suffered from chronic pain like i mentioned before about her boob jobs because because she had issues with them she had pain from them she had to have multiple ones to get like the bigger bigger size because she used to be a double a and went up to a double d i can't imagine the pain that she went through she also suffered from migraines now this was something that kind of like ran in the family as well and then of course like later on due to like the press and the pressure of everything she got so much anxiety that she couldn't sleep so she was on pills for that as well the pill she was on for that were incredibly dangerous too so because her bust was so large she had like this massive back pain that she was dealing with every day and so she'd go on those drugs since like her early 20s she's such a carefree spirit and she didn't really like have massive plans for stuff like she just sort of did things it wasn't seen as like a step-by-step thing so when you're given like these very toxic medications to someone i'm saying toxic in the way that they can be easily toxic by overdosing on them which doesn't take very much in order to overdose on them she also had people around her that should have been stepping in so what she would do is like she may skip pills on some days and then just take double the dose she wouldn't be the person that would like prestigiously measure stuff she'd just drink straight from the bottle and so it's kind of hard to keep on top of like the 10 11 whatever medications that you're on when you're trying to like be on multiple shows and do all sorts of like charity events all of this stuff now of course as time went on the prescriptions grew and grew and when larry actually like started living with her he saw like about 10 prescriptions just on the side and he's like this is a lot like do you need some help or something and just made like some side comments she said no but i need them for my pain and i need to be able to sleep and it's like this this was a lot for anyone to be taking in particular the kind of pills that she was taking especially in the hazard nature that she was doing so there's nothing wrong with having prescriptions i don't want anyone to think that i'm judging people for like needing prescriptions or anything because i i've definitely needed them in my lifetime too um the thing is that they need to be taken properly they need to have the instructions followed like the thing is that say for example you're on the pill right like you know how you can't have grapefruit when you're on the pill so you imagine that and then you also imagine taking pills from multiple different sources which all have like different ways of interacting with each other sometimes in very negative ways because the thing is even though she had her doctor kapoor who was diagnosing her with pain medication and stuff she also had her neighbor that she was friends with who was also diagnosing her with pills except for the fact that her neighbor was a psychiatrist who was not trained in pain medication so anna was taking them from both of these sources and then howard was also getting pills for her as well howard what now look i'm not her doctor and all of this is speculation i have to point that out here like everything i'm saying is speculation right now but like the thing is that the autopsy report showed that she had been taking nine different prescription pills and all of which none of them were actually prescribed to her as a person they were all prescribed to different people and people like oh but this is just what happens to stars they don't get stuff prescribed to themselves because then that will get leaked i'm like if they're already like serving a star i'm pretty sure that if they're getting flied across the bahamas they'd know who it was going to like there's literally laws in place around this stuff so yeah again in the bahamas the thing is that she was also taking human growth hormones as well as like vitamin b injections to try and stop the whole thing around aging because she was terrified of aging because all of us women sadly are those pills along with the flu along with the blood infection along with those injections like all of that combined lead her sadly passing away as well there's a separate video all about that i'm more focused on her life but i just want to point out the seriousness of the fact that these pills went unmonitored really for such a long time that kind of led to this sort of space as well as the fact that she was grieving from the loss of her son let's talk about her children now so daniel her little boy who came from her first marriage which was very abusive like it was him and her against the world effectively like they were super super close anything that she did in life it was to focus on him any time that she'd actually be asked in like a proper interview that respected her at least a dash of respect was in these interviews what's the best part about being rich to which should be like well i can give my son daniel the life that i would never be able to give him otherwise and that was like her first response to actually come out of her mouth everything was for her child all of her friends knew around her like her partners knew it like everything was about daniel sadly daniel passed away literally next to her just after she'd given birth to her newborn baby danny lynn like three days afterwards he had an overdose i don't really want to get into it too much but she woke up to him dead next to her and she was in such a state of delirium that she thought he was still around it was oh it was just an absolutely awful horrifying experience i cannot imagine the trauma that she like had to like endure then um and she wouldn't believe that he was dead because she'd see him on tv because of course they were casting all this onto tv she would see it and she was like see look he's coming back it's absolutely fine he's coming back and yeah sadly it looks like he actually went into her like drugs um and overdosed on it so a very very very sad story and so i can completely understand why she would have just been numbing the pain afterwards like that whole month afterwards like her friends when they described how she was after that is they just said that the light just went out in anna which is awfully sad like i don't think that anyone would wish this on the worst enemy like i said before it's just terrible and she'd also wanted a daughter for such a long time she'd been gathering clothes for literally like not just baby clothes but like as she grew up she really wanted a baby girl so her having danny lynn and then not having the experience of raising her like it's just utterly heartbreaking i need to talk about the biggest piece of work how would kay stern and control because control over women is of course a key component here she had really properly cupid bow like lips so i'm going to try but my lip shape is not at all like hers he went from lying in her court case over her deceased husband to then live in lawyer to then her agent to then her lover okay i'm gonna try and believe that so he was honestly by her side from the mid 90s until like she passed away basically now i do think that larry was right when he says that he thinks that howard was just with her for control for possession any time you see photos with him in the background because like he was literally by her side all the time it's kind of like this hawk watching over its prey it was never like the way that larry was which was just in a more supportive role like just in the background like chilling it was always like it was also one of the people that got her the prescription medication and he also very heavily featured in the reality tv show as well he also tried to say that he was the father of anna nicole's baby as well even had his name put on the birth certificate so i don't know how much manipulation had been happening because he went over to the bahamas with her and just left larry like completely just left him so it's like a lot of me really thinks that he was like a huge part to play in how she had like this ultimate dismiss whether it was like due to like manipulation or the fact that they had been sleeping together i don't really care the thing is the fact that he actually like outright went and did that and he enabled her to have like these thoughts that larry wasn't the parent and of course like when paternity tests came out and said that larry was the parent he was like oh okay cool this is how like you look after the baby is so this really was a power play that was really what it was about but he still manages anna nicole smith's estate and still fighting that whole court case that we were talking about before so all right oh also his talent agency name hot smoochy lips anna was his only client i honestly don't really trust this man like he's still practicing law today and i hope same as i hope for everyone that's done bad things in their life that he's changed as a person hot diggity damn there better be enough charge in this camera to get me through this last bit of filming because it's already been two hours so i want to talk about how we treat women in society and how anna nicole smith reflects on that and what we can learn from all of this now modern girls actually have already done a video on this and they've touched on a bunch of points that i already had written down to talk about but that's okay i'll just link that video down below and the thing is like there's no escape from the fact that you are bad enough of a person to enjoy sex like anna did like anna was actually bisexual as well but like if she even like came out openly to say that then that would just be sexualized even more it wasn't seen as like a sexual orientation then it was seen as fetishism and of course if you're involved in sex work of any form then you are no longer valued as a human being anymore because you're no longer human you're now an object and that it is an object well that's been the case historically but baby history repeats she just knew who she was as a person the thing is this comes again into the whole cringe thing it's like if you see someone enjoying their way of life and if it doesn't like adhere to like what society deems is okay then you're just brandished as like cringe and that was very much her case it's kind of like self-confidence has already been beaten out of a child by puberty and that's the way that it's wanted to stay and she was confident in herself no matter what size she was at until everyone else told her that she shouldn't be now look and i actually knew that she wasn't a smart person but the thing to me is right why do we have to make people like tick these arbitrary boxes are they pretty are they young are they smart do they have interests that are worthy oh you like makeup [Music] no not good enough i think that you should be interested in geology in order to be important why aren't you a paleontologist how dare you have interests that are like anything that could be remotely feminine it's like this whole thing around what is seen as like a worthy thing of being allowed to like and same as with people that you're allowed to deem as being worthy it's like if you don't take all of these boxes then you're no longer worthy just because she was a high school dropout doesn't mean that she's a failure it doesn't mean that she can't be seen as being a whole human being so much classism and elitism comes into the way that she's attacked same as like you see it when um talking like aave but there's just so much elitism and classism and i think that we just need to shake that as a whole because it keeps so many people out of like feeling like they belong and that's disgusting and of course all of this comes into the whole ageism thing as well because like i said before 30 or we just decompose um we're women can't cope so it's a lot of that also comes into it as well with anna as well like he even saw this with the whole tarty thing last year it's like a woman of her age and i'm like excuse me sorry as soon as you hit the age of 30 you're not allowed to have emotions and feelings you're meant to be entirely rational and a robot and that's just it and the thing to me is right that anna suffered from the most insidious parts of like the underbellies the undercurrents of like grossness of western society not actually being available for her except for larry i don't have anything against larry he has raised their daughter incredibly well i want to again come to larry's defense like it seems that he is fully listening to what their daughter wants and is just fully there for her and is like if you don't want to do this stuff because guests wanted her to do these campaigns and she didn't really enjoy it when she did it so he's like sweet you're gonna be a kid that's it like i don't need to milk you for your worth is like a commodity because that's kind of what they were like they keep getting phone calls about it like still i tried to think what's going to happen to that child when she turned 16. because the thing is like they don't train you unless you're a politician i'm rich how to handle all of this media stuff as well which is part of like what led to her ultimate demise as well and if you don't have people around you that are capable of like educating you and their stuff supporting you properly and their stuff and they're just kind of enabling you and waiting for you to fall because that's kind of the way that it seems from the outside anyway i'm like it just feels icky and nicole smith is one of the reasons in my opinion why we as a society have been working on this thing of not having to compartmentalize women into particular boxes and i think that she's like a great case study for this which is why i wanted to make this video about her it's like a tragic warning of what happens when you allow this stuff to just run unleashed into the world because the thing is that sex work is still work sex workers are still people but you get vilified if you enjoy sex you get vilified if you go down one of the oldest like forms of work in history like like i said the thing is that as women we've only been able to actually work proper jobs for a couple of hundred years and only be able to get paid equally which is still not happening for the past like 30 years so when people start vilifying women for using their sexuality to their benefit i'm like well you're actually mad at the system you're not mad at her as a person like you need to shut the hell up because the thing is that we shouldn't be boxing people so tightly that they're only valued for a short shelf life and if they only act in certain particular ways now of course it's like the situation around only fans have highlighted this and then also with mia khalifa like she's another person that has absolutely highlighted these issues as well and i feel so sorry for her and i really do admire her as a person as well if you know nothing about her story watch philip defranco's podcast on her and watch anthony padilla's interview with her i think they've both taught her and honestly it's it's really important like just go check out her work it's really good like i'm not on about the prawn that she did where she didn't really want to have to do it with the terrible contracts in place but that's a separate issue about the sex industry that we should discuss like genuinely what's it matter like a person is still a person a person still has feelings a person is still vulnerable to the systems through a play against them and the thing is i don't hold anything against someone that goes into sex work because i'm telling you it's very hard to make a living especially in this day and age oh you want to buy a house and you don't have rich parents good heck and luck i want to be able to live on just one wage as a single person obviously that's not allowed intergenerational wealth is the only way to go now look again if you haven't seen my videos on femphobia or ageism i highly recommend that you go check those out as well as the video about why we hate each other as women all of those three videos are very important to the topics i'm talking about right now until then if you made it all the way to the end of this video i really really do appreciate it please leave the sparkle heart emoji because i think that that is the most fitting one for anna nicole smith and um don't forget of course love liz screw you rusty i hope this has been a good part about serving a bit of justice for anna nicole smith because she wasn't the villain that she was painted to be she was actually just a sweetheart that got taken advantage of and just didn't know what she was getting herself into whenever i do these videos i really try and get into the mindset of the person and it's been like every time i do it it's always really really hard and harrowing and i just feel so much for her and so i'm just gonna go to watch something light and fluffy after this to bring myself back up because this has been a lot editing it will be a lot everything will be a lot but i hope that you get something useful from these videos anyway and i really really do appreciate you making all the way to the end because i know this was very very long because i've been filming for three hours now and anyway i'll see you again on tuesday there will be a video on sunday with a review i guarantee it because i've been loving some products recently and i really want to talk about them and those are way lighter oh just got my lipstick on this anyway lovelies thank you and cheers bye i bet my finger so much when i was doing my hair i did try with my hair i followed a tutorial and everything i really did try

- Podcast Episode 17 - Interview with Larry Diamond, IDM coach & low-carb and fasting advocate: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] and welcome to life in the fast lane podcast we exist to help you live healthier longer and more fulfilling lives through fasting and low carb feasting we're gonna cover all kind of topics related to intermittent and extended fasting a ketogenic diet and all topics that help or hinder those two things each week we're gonna be here to educate you challenge you and encourage you along the way you can check us out at fasting Ling comm and where can they find us on Twitter and Instagram Instagram on Twitter and Instagram we are at fasting Lee Levi is my co-host today and he's gonna tell us a little bit about our guest Larry diamond so our guest today is Larry diamond Larry is a low-carb and fastening advocate based in Austin he's a coach with the IDM program started by dr. Jason Fung and Meagan Ramos which was based in Toronto and he believes that lifestyle medicine is the fundamental healing medicine one that addresses root causes and solutions holistically and systemically so Larry thank you so much for joining us today we're thrilled to have you here thank you guys and we got to meet Larry recently at low carb hust and very briefly but we've heard a bit about him before through the IDM program if you're listening and you've heard us before I think you already know that we are worshipers would be a good word dr. Jason Fong the obesity code Metis code the complete fasting and Meagan Ramos and big fans of the IDM program and Larry is part of that program so Larry I've just met you a couple times you're super skinny and my assumption of skinny people and fit people is that they have always been in this perfect ethereal way of life with this perfect body Larry tell me a little bit about your history and if you've always been super hot like this no and actually not only was I morbidly obese for over 20 years I actually spent over 10 years over super super morbidly obese which means over a 50 BMI and for the twenty years and actually I had a write the day before I made changes that haven't stopped for five years I was actually at a concert and this was my reality for twenty years as the obesity epidemic I've always lived in the US has become typically on any given day I had the highest BMI of anyone I would meet that day so I happened to be at a concert so I wasn't just overweight I was actually usually although I I think there's now unfortunately more super-super morbidly obese I've been obese most of my adult life I'm five nine I was over 350 for ten years and then I was between 260 and 300 for over ten more years so Larry I used to be 300 pounds and I understand what you're talking about because at 300 pounds I went to Japan and I think I never experienced a more stark representation of how different I was from everyone around me because it was one thing to be 300 pounds in the u.s. it was a whole nother thing to be 300 pounds in a country where most people were a healthier weight and I realized what an oddity I was and I realized exactly what you're talking about when you walk into every room and you're almost always the heaviest person in there and so now I want to hear your journey of how how did that change what made you decide to change the way you live and how do you get here sure so it has both what I would say on happy elements and fear but also joy and hope and very unhappy elements to it so in retrospect I've been around hyperinsulinemia metabolic syndrome my entire life my I come from a very small family were kind of um switch hitters in a way that and we get both physical and mental difficulties on the standard modern diet standard Western diet or standard American diet um my grandmother passed when I was seven in her early sixties from type 2 diabetes after she had her leg amputated and then so my family was very small it was my mom who always struggled with mental issues my uncle who was my best friend and father figure growing up who called himself a depressive depressive in retrospect I think that was largely lifestyle driven because I I've had lifelong depression that has been solved with fasting keto and paleo real food low carb so um he retired and we were trying we in fact bought our house with his help and we chose our floor model to have him move in with us but he declined even though almost on a daily basis I was calling him and saying hey we'll help me move we'll help you move so we didn't know this so we visited him after about four or five years of retirement and he had pretty obvious fairly advanced dementia at that point um and we couldn't get him to move at that point about five months later he was kind of emitted by strangers to a hospital because at that point he could clearly no longer take care of himself so I had to fly out to Los Angeles where I was born from Austin he was the kindest warmest human being I've ever met um but he was actually under guard in the hospital because he did not know where he was and he was clearly agitated so that was one of the most traumatic sorrowful experiences of my life um we brought him he lived with us for about a year almost exactly a year and about six months into that experience it took what had happened to him for me to finally decide to make health my priority and one of the things I'm an environmental scientist so I decided to throw everything out I had ever heard about health and nutrition decided to follow no one and I literally sat at my computer one day and I didn't tell my wife this but I said this is the science project of a lifetime figure out how to Hill or or die I had an epiphany I was 47 at that point almost a vision that I was gonna pass by 50 actually before my uncle and my wife was in very ill health so we had adopted our daughter we were too sick to conceive um that's a whole nother story we can talk about that but we went through the foster system and it's she is the joy of our life and she is a real food kid and it's been amazing to see her thrive and all this knowledge I've acquired I've been able to share with my wife and daughter and it's been that happiest thing that's ever happened to me so there was that sadness and I hate I absolutely hate that part of my motivation to get healthy was to see what my uncle was going through I know he'd be proud of it but I have a big regret that I didn't think that health was possible and I didn't go on this journey in time to at least give him the option to present the science tomb he was very much a scientist he has a mathematics degree from Berkeley and was a systems analyst for his whole life I just wish I had given him a chance to had adopted by I'm sure he would be thrilled just amazed that um what we've been able to do Larry thank you so much for sharing that with us how old is your daughter now she is eight she's eight and she's a real food kid meaning she eats the same way that you and your wife eat now is that right she eats real food that works for her so she's in a different context than us she's literally growing and one of the joys specifically before we switched to real food she has a genetic deletion that's associated with small stature and she had a test on human growth hormone and it was at the very lowest level before and was considered out of range and her geneticist thought that she might only get to be about four and a half feet tall max so they were considering giving her human growth hormone at two or three those painful shots so she was third percentile for height when we were eating the a fairly good quality but still standard Western diet and she's now about 50th percentile for height so that that's rock and roll right there that's that's and she's continued to get fewer and fewer colds her bio mom was homeless she was behind the eight ball and now honestly she is about the healthiest kid that at least in our circle of kids that we know so that's the power of real food and knowledge about lifestyle but so she doesn't fast as much as me and my wife but she on the other hand she doesn't have free juice she doesn't have that much high-fructose containing fruit she has tomatoes avocados and cucumbers and then wild blueberries and so and she has treats in the actual sense of a hundred years ago what a kid would have as an actual treat not as a daily multiple-day dietary yet so Larry I think your story is interesting because it started with you it started with a change you want to make in your life and you know I'll share a little bit about Levi and I I think that our journey and Aikido and fasting was fair to say started by me I have definitely struggled with obesity my whole life Levi's been a little overweight here and there but an athlete like as you can see if you're watching the video crazy hot so yes not worry about it as much but you know we've taken this journey together and it's really motivating I know there's a lot of people out there who have a partner or have a spouse or have a roommate who doesn't understand or isn't supportive or is very concerned and so could you tell us a bit about of course you and I are dealing with the best case scenario where your partner joins you and goes along that journey he tell us a bit about how you approached your wife about this and what you said cuz of course I think even it's even tougher sometimes I think for men to say hey would you like to go on this weight-loss journey with me right I feel like a lot of times guys might be more open some time set so can you tell me about that what was that like when you approached your wife about this and and how how did you take this journey together and men are also super annoying to women because on average we have more initial fat loss yeah yeah yeah it there's so much you know where do we start but I'm glad you brought this up because I think it's actually one of the things I've brought up in other podcasts that I've done and to me I've met so many people interacted with so many people strangers lifelong friends family co-workers and to me and the science and getting the science right and is super important for success but in terms of people deciding to heal or not it's so much more than the science it's so much more than that and one of the keys and my wife thanks me all the time first um I helped her but she saved herself she was also very metabolically damaged and I think she may not actually have been around just like me now without this journey so we were both very very sick um she saved herself but I served her with my example and it's called finding your why when you find your why and it can be a mixture of positive and negative it can be fear and hope and it is a combination for a lot of people I call it go time there's very very few even me and my wife seem to have a very close relationship and make each other happy and complement each other very well it's not always perfect oh but it's a very weak call at being better together and and we're we're very fortunate to have that in our lives she was not ready her go time was not my go time so I actually this was an important part I remember when I had reached my go time it was May 2013 I specifically had this thought I cannot if my partner my life and my best friend whether or not she's ready now I have to do this for me and for the family and had I not done that she says we don't know where we'd be both as individuals and the three of us we call it the power of three she was very supportive but she was not ready to go all in which I actually think would be more common but what she was very supportive of one day I said we're never buying bread or pasta ever again and she gave me two thumbs up so she was all in on that we changed how we ate at home but she was not in to changing at her work or social engagements like I was and then interestingly enough I never brought up that loss to her what I found which was super empowering was my appetite came down naturally and for somebody who was always hungry always hungry and it confused the heck out of how do I have this hundred and fifty two hundred pounds of extra wait yet I'm always hungry and dr. Fung and Megan can tell you exactly like why that is and IDM can tell you why that is it's not commonly known but I knew that I was always hungry and then after a couple weeks that constant hunger went away and what I wanted for her I kept saying hyung this is an incredible upgrade to life not living constantly hungry so I didn't even mention the waiter the fat loss to her but I did I was so passionate about wanting her to feel the freedom of not being constantly hungry that I was kind of annoying as I was in my annoying annoying phase but I think it's really interesting I know as even I in her distress analogy might not be the right way to describe it but she tends to jump off the cliff all at once and I'm I'm more of a climb down to the bottom type of person so she did research and read the obesity code and immediately tried a multi-day fast because why not let's let's just get right into the deep end and I much similar to your wife like I was very supportive and and it was easy at home when we were cooking to say you know if you're cooking I will certainly whatever you're making I'm happy to not buy the bread and pasta but I would still have a cheeseburger for lunch when I was was at the office or do something like that and eventually you know you see the benefits and you come along and you start adopting slowly step by step the process and it's interesting to hear other people going through something similar but having that support there I know is incredibly valuable I can't imagine going through an environment where you're preparing two completely separate dinners when you're at home or you're shopping on two completely separate lists and and trying to ignore that half of the refrigerator for a while yeah and we've we've met people we call them mixed couples that do do that so Levi thank you for supporting Eve and I'm indebted to my wife for supporting me because that that's not always the case you would think that's always the case but I've met plenty of couples where that's not the case and we had another advantage with our daughter she was 2 as I mentioned when we started so she really couldn't put up a teenage resistance to switching the real food she under we understand we were lucky with the time well Larry our daughter is just turned today and you know you would think we're having a little of the teenager eat behavior beginning but my daughter had been sick every month I would say or at least every other month but usually every month at the doctor upper respiratory infections major allergy issues bronchitis and my whole life I've been like that too as a child as an adult probably every other month and on antibiotics and say and I remember years ago telling my kid you got to get up and go to school you're five years old but this is your life we are just a sick family we are just sick and you still have to go to school and you still have to get things done and if you're not if you don't have fever and you feel bad and just have to power through it I'm sorry but this is how life is and she saw that as I started eating keto and started doing fasting I stopped getting sick I've been sick once in a year which has never happened to me and my it's never happened and she just sat there and she watched it and I asked Levi you know like what do I do like I want to take her along this journey he said just wait just just do it in front of her and just see what happens and tell him what happened yeah I mean we when when I met our daughter she's my stepdaughter but when I met her she was about eight years old and and candy was a thing that we just had around and I finally told her like you get one per day like that's perfectly fine you want to have one sweet per day so that was the only hard rule i sat down for it and she really admires her mom and looks up to her and Cesar is a role so I said like you are modeling behavior and I know I have older children from a previous life and so I know they watch everything they hear everything you say they may not act like they do they may not you know act like they respect what you're doing but they take it all in and they process it and and you have that advantage so I said just wait so now she when she eats lunch at school she still eats a dessert every day but now she eats salad instead of the panini she eats you know meat instead of soup that has lentils in it or something like that and she's you know she slowly started asking questions about well why do you guys eat this and not that you know I've heard other people say that bacon is bad for you why you guys need so much bacon like well these are the reasons and then because she asked a question it wasn't us forcing that down her throat it was us you know just providing information and her observing and and she's come along she I think she eats what we eat when we're at home we don't again we don't have a separate shopping list or a separate set of meals for her we don't have sugar in the house we had all Brad in the house down when she when she was out much like I did at the beginning of this when she's at school and there's a piece of cake we don't say don't have cake we don't say you know if it's somebody's birthday party and there's a cupcake like you just can't do that because we don't do that cuz that would there's a lot of issues wrapped up with that in social scenarios but she is very slowly coming along and she absolutely noticed that she doesn't get sick as much anymore she has more energy she has more mental clarity there's you know it's like my homework isn't as hard as it was before all right the kind of comments we're hearing so yeah I totally you know kids observe everything in it and if you model that behavior for them then whether you mean to model it or not that's the behavior they're gonna adopt and she has been saying once in the past six months which also has never happened again and she is actually I don't even know if I told you this but she has actually told me thank you for learning this stuff and for teaching of this stuff because like quite honestly she didn't want to grow up and be overweight she didn't want to grow up and be healthy you know she's 12 years old she cares about she's just starting to care about how she looks right and she's like I'm never gonna have to go through all those things that you went through so thank you for teaching me that and like part of me was so touched by hearing that and then part of me still was like well crud I am the person who taught you all the bad things in the first place and I just apologized and I said I just didn't know I think that's what you were saying before that it's that it's that bittersweet mixture of motivations right there's there's the fear and the and the hope they go together to take you on that journey so Larry we have five minutes left and what I want to talk about is your relative that you said that lived with you and taught you these things and you wish you would have you know changed things it sounds like this person gave you an incredible gift your entire family and incredible gift of knowledge that you began down this journey to seek but I'd like you to share you know what you were doing full-time and what you've recently made the choice to do full-time and why because it sounds like this relative is part of what brought you to where you are now right right and and he was he unfortunately he taught me to be a great scientist but he unfortunately had he was the one with severe dementia so what I mentioned earlier is that I had many decades where I could have I felt discovered some of this and I wish that I had put my mind and energy towards thinking about chronic illness and and diabetes and obesity he was very obese earlier so that I could have presented it to him when he still had the faculties to to make a choice I'm very cognizant now having observed my interactions with people for five years and it's very common like you were mentioning with your daughter for it to be long term and to stick it has to be intrinsic motivation I think be that a 12 year old or an 82 year old and we all have access hopefully to good information people do live in food deserts and but if they don't most people have access to healing food but it comes down to that intrinsic motivation which can also be extrinsic in terms of wanting to be your best and so forth but yes I had a government job that I was very proud of that I helped it's a important job it was actually wastewater permitting for the state of Texas so no development nothing works if people can't flush their toilets and and so it was an absolute necessity is an absolute necessity for society but as I healed it it didn't challenge me as much number one my brain kind of came online I became more of I think I'm very much an extrovert although I love research and reading so I'm this I like my combination of extrovert and introvert but it became too introverted for me and then I had all these passions to want to pay it forward so it's interesting that you mentioned my uncle he passed in a couple years ago and I could not heal or get over that until I accepted my responsibility and what happened to him so I call it if there's this great tradition in Ireland called the Hound of Ulster so people should look up the Hound of Worcester as a young man he inadvertently by mistake killed a hound in the Chieftains house this hound protected the Chieftains house it was a mistake he didn't do it intentionally but he decided he took on this what he called a sacred burden so it wasn't actually a burden but even though it was a mistake and he didn't intend this he became the Hound of his people and so in order for me to be my best I almost feel it's a say grid burden but it's not really a burden because I'm freely wanting to do this so IDM has an opportunity they're doing amazing work I've been training with them I can see every day that I'm in training that they're helping people transform their lives and get off medications become the person that they always dreamed of being actually exceeding people's expectations on what they can live in terms of wellness and health and I love the slogan is progress not perfection and that they invest people they require people to do 11 hours of training before they can even sit down with a health coach which is awesome because the average if you have health insurance it's 15 minutes you know a year that you get to spend with somebody so that's 44 years of different doctor visits before you can sit down with an educator so what they're doing is they're having people invest in their own wellness and I think that's the new model and it's awesome and I want to do incredible with it and yeah so I don't know so I want it's it's not a burden it's something I want to do with my life um ironically I don't have healthcare so but you know will that will sort itself out and yeah IDM is amazing so for people they don't know I TM program comm is megan ramos and jason dr. jason songs program and larry recently left his full-time position to become a full-time health coach with the IBM program is that correct yeah it'll it'll be in the new year so we're recording this in December early december and i'm you know i DM i it's not privy for me to share but there's been there they're growing by leaps and bounds and and people are reaching out to them and Jason and Megan are amazing I've got to meet both of them and talk about flat that we might get when we go low-carb healthy fat from relatives and stuff they got so much flack professionally and people just everyday oh what are you doing what are you doing and now they're being invited to conferences all over the world Megan's having to turn them down because otherwise and she'd be traveling all the time so they they could see how this was transforming first Megan's own life she has an incredible healing journey and then they were seeing day after day the the successor was having with thousands of patients and they have gotten better and better and refined things and they're very contextually driven and it's an amazing thing to see it's not an equals everyone and there's one type of fast it's very individual context-driven and yeah it's it's I'm I'm thrilled to be part of it that's amazing so Larry one more quick question we kind of try and get this from everyone as we go through so obviously the website for us fasting Elaine calm is about we focus heavily on keto but also intermittent fasting as as a way to start that and you're right when you say that like there is no one blanket set of things to do but if somebody wanted to get started with low carb and or intermittent fasting like what's what's the first step to take to start that journey if they're just waking up this morning and thinking oh my god it's it's New Year's I've made my new year's resolution to be healthier I have no idea where to start what's what's the first step they could take yeah so what's interesting I didn't do what Eve did I kind of gradually did it so that's not gonna be my confirmation there's no one way because people have different personalities so it should be congruent with your personality if you're like that I'm gonna do it an all-in then that's your personality then work with it right yourself if that's what keeps you motivated for a life change do that but one of my go-to ziz to just have no carbs for breakfast for a couple weeks have bacon eggs avocado and then observe when you become hungrier if if that improves your morning's if that improves your mental clarity if you can go to lunch rather than have to eat again at 9:00 or 10:00 just make that one change maybe keep lunch and dinner the same get that win under your belt right a lot of people need an initial win so yeah I was able to give up my toast in cereal and and skim milk I didn't make this up but I loved it somebody called skim milk the devil's urine so you're welcome thank you so much for joining us what are the best places for people to go and find you online my biggest and where I'm most regularly add is Twitter and it's Nature Boy are our I live in Round Rock so Nature Boy was taken and that's very that works with the whole lifestyle medicine you know living more congruent with how humans naturally lived until the last hundred years or so is really powerful medicine so Nature Boy are our I'm Nature Boy are our on Instagram and although I'm mostly on Twitter and I just started a website it's not built yeah and but it's on Facebook healthy happy AF so people know what AF stands for healthy happy AF but mostly on Twitter right now perfect well thank you and important question as our honored guest today will you be going for the gray is butter a carb life in the fast lane t-shirt or the black DTF down to fast life in a fasting Lane t-shirt Oh since I grew up in LA and you know and kind of and my wife likes me in black she's always complimenting me when I wear a black shirt I'm gonna have to go with it DTF but that's a hard decision that's we got you covered thank you so much and take us out Levi thank you so much Larry really appreciate it and we look forward to talking to you again in the future let us know when your website is up and we'd be happy to make mention of that as well everybody else thank you so much for listening to this episode check us out on fasting Lane calm and on twitter and instagram at fasting lane to your health and hotness thanks for tuning into the life the fasting a podcast

- Missing Key Element to Sustainable Weight Loss - Part 1 of 20 Interview: Kind: captions Language: en what is so good about the mindset of weight loss the thing the best thing about the mindset of weight loss is it deals with the underlying issues it cuts straight to the root cause of what's going on and it's obvious that there's a key element missing I mean we all know what we shouldn't shouldn't be doing so why is it that we're not um the interesting thing is if you actually look at the weight loss Services industry uh it's a huge massive industry 776 million per anim more in 2010 in Australia and it's $4 billion in the US this is increasing um over over time so the amount of money that we're spending on losing weight is increasing so this excludes your gyms personal trainers and things like that so you would think that if this this this industry is increasing that at the same time um obesity level should be going down but that's not the case so we're spending more and more money shouldn't we be getting Slimmer and it's not it's because there's a key element missing so it's not about what food and exercise program we follow so there's countless things out there and it's not about which one we do it's actually about what makes us follow the food and exercise program right so unless we it doesn't matter how much weight we lose through dieting and forced exercise there'll always be that element there that'll sabotage our success and many people find that they're continuing on a yo-yo or going around in circles and it's because this key element is not addressed um I I like this to an iceberg you know where you've got 20% of the iceberg that peers over the water and that's the part of us that says I want to lose weight um I don't like the way I look I don't like the way I feel I'm going to start ding I'm going to start an exercise program but see the thing is it's the 80% it's it's under the water under the surface it's the underline you know near the habits the beliefs the emotions and things like that is standing our way saage absolutely you know if we have a belief that says I'll never get to my go W it doesn't matter how much what diet and exercise program we do uh that's always going to be there to sabotage us so that's the missing and I'm talking about it's what's under the surface and once we can clear that out of the way we can just reach our goals easily right

- Study hints healthier school lunch can reduce obesity: Kind: captions Language: en That's when we make the news makes it the United States considering updates on school meals that would put more limits on added sugar and sodium. It comes as a new study found the last major push for better nutrition at school may have actually worked. Getting healthier school lunches really reduce obesity. Let's connect the dots. Childhood obesity has been rising for decades, and now it affects about one in five US kids. Back in 2010, a federal law championed by then First Lady Michelle Obama increased the quantity of fruits, vegetables and whole grains required in school meals. That change impacting millions of kids across the country. A national study found a small but significant decline in the average body mass index of more than. 14,000 school kids, their heights and weights were tracked before and after the healthy hunger Free Kids Act of 2010 was implemented. Experts note this flattening is important, as holding kids weight steady as they grow can help keep their obesity in check. Doctors add that more changes could have the potential to impact excessive weight gain over the course of an entire childhood, and that is connecting the dots.

- Killer Fat!: Kind: captions Language: en from ABC News around the world and into your home the stories that touch your life this is 2020 with you downs and Barbera Walters fatty fat bat America can't get enough of it but new study show fats more dangerous than salt or sugar expert say start counting fat Gs this man did and lost 25 lb I was consuming somewhere between uh 200 and 300 G of fat a day now I average somewhere between 20 and 60 Dr Timothy Johnson shows you where to start counting this yeast donnut for example has 14 G of fat look better live longer cut down on killer [Music] fat let Taste show good but it does look gross fat killer fat how much of it do you eat on average each person in this country consumes 60 to 70 pounds of fat a year but new knowledge has affected people's attitude toward fat evidenced for example by the success of McDonald's new lowfat burger called the McLean which is selling better than expected and the FDA is cracking down on food labels that mislead consumers about fat content for our part tonight ABC news medical editor Dr Timothy Johnson has news that may change the way you think about fat help you keep track of how much of it you eat and in the end maybe save your life this actually got cold so I'm going to just stick it in the microwave just a few minutes warm it up okay it's a typical weekday night at the Benjamin household The Hectic schedules of parents Joel and Ben have resulted in a takeout dinner tonight it's Pizza a favorite meal for Sons Kellen and Adam good and it's a meal that would be typical in a lot of American homes I find Monday comes and we do kind of uh catches catch can what's in the refrigerator already or something that's already been cooked or something I cooked and previously had Frozen um or we'll do pizza um as we did this evening because the kids like it the usual Daily American diet contains much of what experts worry about salt sugar and fat but evidence has confirmed that of all these fat ranks number one in in terms of danger if you're talking about sodium sugar and fat Fat's got to be number one nutritionist Dr Jean Goldberg says there is a good reason why we eat so much fat fat adds satiety it makes us feel full and if you look at any developing Nation as soon as they become more affluent and they can buy more their diet becomes higher in fat so it's it's sad but true every year thousands of people are k killed with a frying pan reduce your intake of high fat fried foods and help reduce your risk of canc when we eat fats they are chemically digested in the small intestine and converted into substances like cholesterol the chemical products of fat that are not digested pass on to the large intestine or colon the fats and oils in foods are divided into two main groups animal fats which come from red meats and dairy products are saturated fats and thought to be dangerous unsaturated fats are primarily found in vegetables in liquid form these fats poly or monounsaturated are thought to be less dangerous but not as safe as some advertising would have you believe what's more some vegetable oils like palm and coconut are highly saturated and therefore more dangerous obesity expert Dr Martin Katan that is the single greatest nutritional hazard in the United States fact you could take all of the herbicides and pesticides and preservatives and toxins in our food put them in a it all together they don't even do a fraction a tiny fraction of the damage that's done by too much fat in the diet in fact scientists have long agreed that fat is bad for the heart because it gets converted into cholesterol in the human body and there have been hints that fat might be related to certain cancers now two recent Studies have convinced even Skeptics that fat is related to colon or bowel cancer last year the nurse's health study which looked at over 990,000 women drew a lot of attention to the subject of fat F and colon cancer we found that women consuming red meat as a main dish daily had about a 2 and a half fold increased risk of colon cancer compared to women who infrequently eat ate red meat as a main dish the study's definition of red meat included Beef Pork and lamb in other words Meats high and fat the study found that the women who ate less animal fat and more chicken and fish had a much lower risk of colon or bowel cancer in the nurses study about 150 women identified with diets high and saturated fat indeed developed colon cancer 57-year-old Charlotte Nelson was one of them I thought that's me I've been uh active in this study and here I'm one of them that has had colon cancer so I really felt it was definitely me in that study Charlotte is lucky most of the other cancer victims in the study died but her disease was caught early after Her diagnosis Charlotte changed her daily diet of red meat to one which included lots of chicken fish and vegetables she and her husband Don now eat lowfat meals heavenly father bless his food to th glory and are good amen so I feel that uh it's really very easy to change your diet but I believe also that the public needs to be better educated and also there needs to be more help for us out there when we go to the grocery store so that we do have the items available that we can have that have no fat or a much lower fat content if changing eating patterns to include healthier foods can improve your chances of fighting off cancer the reverse is also true nearly 30 years ago Mr Ki Wong's family left Shanghai for America they brought with them the tradition and values of a rich culture but left behind a diet which protected them from the risks of heart disease and cancer Stanford University's Dr Alice whittimore led the study comparing the diets of Chinese in Shanghai to that of Chinese Americans like Mr Wong in San Francisco the rates for colon and rectum cancer among the Chinese Americans were four to seven times higher than the rates in Shanghai the researchers looked at various elements of the two diets and confirmed once again that saturated fat was the primary disease-causing factor we did an analysis and we looked in which we looked at all the different components of the diet whether it was from protein whether it was from fats saturated and unsaturated and whether it was from carbohydrate and we found when we did that analysis that only the saturated fat was important in these particular data last year in this country alone there were 155,000 new cases of colon cancer 60,000 deaths scientists say that many of those cases could be prevented by simply lowering the fat in our diet but for many of us that's easier said than done Boston businessman Ben Benjamin Str struggles every day I I'll go to to one of the stores in the building uh that I work in and I'm not going to find fruit I'm going to find cookies cakes and gum and candy and no problem scientists now often recommend counting fat grams for women no more than 40 grams of total fat a day and for men no more than 60 but even health conscious consumers have a hard time figuring out those numbers I guess if I had a measure of some kind I could sort of quantify what a gram looks like to me and say 20 of them looks like a whole lot of grams I mean you know it's kind of you know it's uh it's just hard to know and I think it's confusing for people Dr Martin Katan is author of several best-selling books on diets one of them the TA Factor diet has given Millions a practical way to begin the process of reducing fat intake Dr Katan says it's all a matter of educated substitution for example this quason has 15 gr of fat one piece of bread good 15 gram of fat and if they just chose this Bagel the Bago half a gram of fat there's 30 times more fat in the quason than there is in the bagel we're in that the benjam might be surprised to know that just one slice of that cheese pizza is 10 gram of fat one qu the total daily recommendation for women and Jones quick investigation of the refrigerator's contents also yields a big surpr and this has a lot of fat in it this has 20 G of fat in the beef pot pie and that's onethird the total daily fat recommended for men or 1/ half the fat recommended for women this for the quick night this is for me the kids and husband does not they do not like these and they don't they don't say what the fat content is but even when they do tell you the fat content you have to be careful for example in the cereal section what could be more healthy than Supernatural granola except when you read the label it has 5 G of fat per serving on the other hand Corn Flakes have no fat in them and even Frosted Flakes with a lot of sugar has no fat you can even count fat grams today in an ice cream parlor by looking at labels or asking for example this half cup of no fat yogurt contains no fat if you go to lowfat Yogurt the same amount will contain about 3 gram of fat if you jump to premium ice cream it's going to contain 12 G of fat however people can get into real trouble when they're buying unlabeled food as at a deli counter for example a half a cup of German potato salad is 3 to four gram whereas the same amount of three bean salad in oil can be 11 to 12 gram of fat finally this warning about cholesterol free advertising often the product didn't contain cholesterol in the first place but it can still be loaded with fat this yeast doughnut for example has 14 G of fat we did about uh 205 dinners last night Randy rurn says he's proof that counting fat grams can make a difference rurn a chef and restaurant owner has lost 25 lbs by counting I was consuming somewhere between 200 and 300 grams of fat a day and now I average somewhere between 20 and 60 typical day before would have been you know three eggs over easy stack of cakes you know two or three pieces of toast several pieces of bacon um maybe juice at that time I was being healthy you know today rayburn's diet is mostly lowfat a challenge because as owner of Nashville Sunset Grill he works around food all day I see you again how's everything going just fine thank you he's made it a bit easier for himself with menu items that are low in fact you have to understand what it is your body is consuming you are what you eat it's so important to know that and only by paying attention to that uh knowledge is awareness right now fat is 40% of the average American diet but with growing evidence that both heart disease and some cancers are related to this overindulgence making changes in the diet is no longer something to put off now in counting fat grams on a package that does mean per serving yes all the ingredients in the label are perserving so you've got to know the size of the serving and some of them can be pretty small obviously I would imagine can we live without fat no we have to have some fat but we can live without animal fat like strict vegetarians do if you know what you're doing you can live without animal fat right now there's talk about oh on the market there are fat substitutes are these viable well if you like the taste that's a way to go because you do avoid the fat or at least it's very low amounts of fat however they can be high in calories so you still have to count calories right but you avoid the animal fat that way now what about a possible link between fat and breast cancer we've heard about that I think the only uh honest answer today is that's uncertain people are looking at it there are some studies underway but unlike the link with colon cancer which I think now is certain it's not that way with breast cancer very very good thank you Tim well that's 2020 for tonight we thank you for watching and remember we're in touch so you be in touch I'm Bob Walters and I'm Hugh DS 2020 is a presentation of ABC News more Americans get their news from from ABC News than from any other source

- He Lost 275 Pounds To Save His Life - Chuck Carroll Interview: Kind: captions Language: en for this episode i have the honor of interviewing chuck carroll and for most of his life chuck battled a severe food addiction that almost ended his life at just five feet and six inches tall chuck weighed 420 pounds and was eating 10 000 calories per day despite trying again and again to lose the weight his weight kept creeping back up every single time that he tried to lose the weight and his weight just kept increasing out of desperation he decided to have weight loss surgery in 2009 at the age of 27. he was pretty sure it would just be one more failed attempt to lose weight but when he woke up from the surgery he never looked back although surgery was a critical component to kickstarting over 260 pounds of weight loss for chuck he only attributes 10 of his long-term weight loss success to his surgery the rest he credits to a plant-based diet and changing his lifestyle the confidence that he gained from his weight loss enabled him to pursue his dream of becoming a reporter where he covered sports and news for cbs and later nbc news radio after deciding that he wanted to pursue a career in the world of health chuck partnered with dr neil barnard and the physicians committee for responsible medicine to launch the exam room podcast which has become one of the most popular vegan podcasts in the world i hope you enjoy my conversation with chuck carroll [Music] so at your heaviest you weighed 420 pounds and had a 66 inch waist you thought that you would not live to see 30 you were hopelessly addicted to fast food and you were even told that you eat too much by a taco bell employee so bring us into your mind at that time who did you really see when you looked into the mirror that's a deep question uh boy who did i see when i was in the mirror i saw somebody who wanted to really change but was afraid that by changing physically changing my health improving my health and losing a lot of that weight would be detrimental to my career at that time i was working in radio and and doing stuff in in radio was like a lifelong dream for me right so like well a lot of kids would go and they would play outside or they would watch tv after school i was turning on the radio and listening to either sports talk radio or even just a ball game and so i was working at radio station wbig can't make this up big 100.3 in washington dc and i thought that i needed to be this big chuck character in order to be on the air there and so like that's what i would tell myself at least looking back i know that that was an excuse and certainly i think that i would have been able to work there um had i not been this big chuck guy um but yeah you know i i would just use every little excuse that i could find to continue down that unhealthy road even though when i looked in the mirror i knew that i wanted to change and as we get further down the road if i didn't change it would be the end of the line for me at a very very early age so what did being 250 pounds overweight really teach you about life and about people oh man um it taught me that and this is the sad truth is that you are treated differently when you're overweight um i think that for a lot of us when we are struggling with our weight we kind of become this character whether you're working in media or you're just working a regular nine to five type of a job a lot of times you feel like you need to be this larger than life kind of personality you know the the jovial chris farley type character at least that's how it was for me you know everybody i had to work just tirelessly to be everybody's friend but you know even still um because i didn't feel like i would be accepted you know otherwise and and part of that also goes to i didn't feel like i would be accepted if i wasn't big chuck on big 100.3 either um but it's it's also the little things man it's like people don't really hold doors open for you or you know there were little quips that people would make from time to time and people it didn't happen very often but i always thought that it was so off color and so rude when it did like i'd just be in a grocery store or something like that and i remember distinctly one time this this family came up and and we just had a load of well junk food in the cart but you know somebody came up and they were like what are you like junk food junkies and i was like that's so out of bounds like even though what that person was saying theoretically was correct like it's just like you have no idea what you're doing to this person so i think that you're treated less than when you're overweight and and that is a sad reality i think that that's shifting as a society right now and that's kind of a fine line to walk um but it's it's it's just weird man um it's just weird how you are treated differently i don't know how to describe it unless you've been there and if you have you know exactly what i'm talking about yeah so i haven't been there uh and i would love to know what do you wish that more people knew about struggles with obesity and food addiction oh it's it's that it's not completely that person's fault you know i think that when somebody from the outside looking in sees somebody who's struggling with their weight they think well this person is lazy they just don't like to cook they just like fast food and it'd be so easy for them to just start eating more fruits more vegetables and having a healthier diet but it's not that easy right what people need to know is that there is research out there that backs up the fact that these highly palatable foods can be just as addictive as any narcotic on the market right now you know i i'm i'm working with dr mickey whit from the university of miami she's a neuroscientist she's brilliant and one of the things that she's taught me using actual brain scans is that the brain actually does react identically and she showed me she's like okay this is a picture of a brain somebody who's eating a highly palatable food for the very first time and this brain i mean it lights up like a christmas tree right and it's the same type of reaction for somebody who's using say cocaine for the first time that was what was used in this model and then she's like now this is a brain scan of somebody who is a food addict eating something that is highly palatable high fat high calorie just a heart attack and a sac kind of fast food meal this is what happens to the brain over time and so that really really illuminated area of the brain where you get that dopamine release it was really kind of blunted right so you're kind of chasing the high at that point you're never going to get that same high that you got the first time that you ate that food but you're going to be chasing it and then she showed me the scan of a cocaine addict and it was exactly the same it was exactly the same regions of the brain exactly the same type of reaction in the brain to the same level and so people don't think that it's a cinch to kick a cocaine habit people know that it's hell and it's torture and you go to rehab and you might fail many many many times before you finally are able to do it successfully and it's the same thing for losing weight and when you think about it how many times do you hear about somebody say well i've tried to diet i've i've gone up the scale and down the scale and up the scale and down the scale i've tried and i failed so many times it's exactly the same right so going on a diet is like going to rehab it's going to take a number of times before you actually get it right and if people actually realize that it's as much up here as it is down there in the belly then i think that there would be a lot more compassion and understanding because it is a war that you're waging to get that stuff out of your system so in that war how many times did you have to go to battle before you really triumphed how many times did you work on losing weight before you were successful one two three four five six i mean just i i'd run out of fingers you know i would absolutely run out of fingers i was and and i was i was young right so like i was i was only in my uh 27 when i was finally able to turn things around long term but you know from the time that i was in elementary school i remember being in third grade and that was the very first time that i thought about going on a diet you know realizing that i was over 100 pounds in the third grade i was the only person in my class who was that heavy and so that was kind of that planted the seed for stigma and i was like that's that's what i got to do and then i really started to try to diet for the first time when i was in high school um i was on the wrestling team needed to cut weight just to make heavy weight for god's sakes um and and that just wasn't it wasn't happening and then it was just like every year without fail it was you know get that gym membership and go on the latest fad diet and you know hope hope that this is the time and i was never able to sustain that long-term success man that roller coaster was one heck of a ride for a very long time so take us back into kind of a day in the life when you were going through that period of struggling with food addiction what did your days look like and how did food how did kind of your life really revolve around food oh man it absolutely revolved around food like i was a slave to taco bell man so i actually had it in my mind where i thought that i was eating kind of a healthy diet like i knew that i was indulging uh toward the end of the day with with a ton of taco bell and we'll get to that in a second but my day began uh with breakfast which i skipped because i thought okay well i'm not going to eat this meal so that i can save those calories no fat no calories here i'm in good shape for lunch when i was at my absolute worst i would go across the street there was a boston market and i would get a half of a chicken like a whole rotisserie chicken i get half of that and then three big sides which was usually like macaroni and cheese and mashed potatoes with gravy which i didn't think that those were all that bad i knew mac and cheese probably wasn't the greatest but uh mashed potatoes and gravy no problem there and then cream spinach right so it's spinach that's got to be healthy forget about all of the cheese and you know the fat that they've added to it it's spinach so that's healthy and then a piece of cornbread so that was my healthy lunch uh and oh by the way i was drinking a diet lemonade so zero calories that's healthy there too and come to find out i mean that was like well over a thousand calories every single time anyway going home i was like okay well doing pretty good so far let me stop by 7-eleven and get a snack and usually for people when they go to 7-eleven like a snack is just like one of those small bags of chips or whatever right not me i would go and i would get those things that they have on the rollers next to the hot dogs called taquitos and i would get six of the buffalo chicken taquitos and two big bottles of gatorade and i thought gatorade you know how bad could that be for me right michael jordan drinks gatorade and i want to be like mike so that was my snack on the way home when i would get home it was pizza time and we would get these coupons in the mail that it clearly were intended for businesses like if you're having a big meeting you order four pizzas we'll give you a fifth one for free and i was like all right let's do this so i would order up five pizzas and i would eat you know one and a half sometimes two entire large pizzas by myself and then save the rest for the next day um and then uh four hours after that no matter what else i ate earlier in the day there was some variation in that diet but no matter what else i would eat i would always always always go to taco bell and if i didn't go to taco bell bad stuff will happen and i do hope that we can dive into that that was the hardest thing in the world for me to kick was taco bell so i had a standing order there and they knew as soon as they saw my car pull into the parking lot what that order was gonna be and by the time i got to the menu at the drive-thru they were just like hey chuck you want your usual 20 bucks please pull through so here's what the order was it was two seven layer burritos two beef grilled stuffed burritos a chicken quesadilla a nachos bell grande a cheesy potato burrito which was fried potatoes uh with nacho cheese sauce and probably grade f ground beef chili and it was just i mean a sodium bomb if there ever was one but i lived for this thing at the time so the cheesy potato burrito i would eat that and because i was such a good customer they would also give me a free caramel empanada so when you add all of that up right that was more than 4 400 calories right in that ballpark a hundred and some odd grams of fat more than ten thousand milligrams of sodium so when you're eating that every day i mean no wonder i have been on high blood pressure medication since i was in middle school right so i mean as a sophomore my blood pressure was already like 185 190 over a hundred and it terrified the doctor so much so that i was put on blood pressure medication at that early age so that just continued the diet never changed and so that's why i got up to 420 pounds man and if if i did not eat that way man i was it was a total dr jekyll and mr hyde situation i was two entirely different people so you tried to stop eating like that and you just were uh you just turned into this different person and that started affecting relationships and was that part of the struggle in sticking with a diet and being successful and losing the weight yeah i mean not so much the relationship part although there there were elements there that absolutely sucked um you know it's hard being a young guy that overweight and then trying to be in the dating pool as well right your confidence is shot you don't feel like you have a lot of options like who's going to want to be with me at this size anyway like i actually dated a girl who hid me right and she begged me i mean we were together for like a year and a half and and the entire time we were together she said well look you know we can't tell our friends we can't tell our family we can't tell anyone that we're dating and the only reason that i could figure why was because she was ashamed to be with someone who was my size she wasn't struggling with her weight but she was clearly ashamed to be with somebody like me so like that that part sucked the the biggest part though was like if i did not go to taco bell specifically again this is this is why i talk about taco bell so much if i did not go to taco bell so much um like by day three i would be freaking out like you know day one i'd feel eh i'm motivated i'm on a diet i'm gonna be okay day two i'd start to get irritable and maybe feel a little bit sick day three i was angry i mean you talk about hangry i was freaking angry to the point where i was punching my fist through walls and through doors just because i couldn't get my taco bell fixed and i remember one time specifically i was actually being paid to endorse a diet on the radio and i mean i'm being paid to lose weight right who wouldn't want to do that and i still couldn't go without it i was so angry i punched the wall punched the door and snuck out in the middle of the night to the 24-hour drive-thru just to get my fix and that was actually the first time that i realized that i was a full-blown addict to this food because as soon as i ate it everything kind of calmed down and then i was kind of sad because it was like in that instant realization that oh my god i'm hooked on this just like it was a drug and what am i gonna do and it was still years after that realization that i was finally able to make lasting change so i knew every single time i went to the drive-through that i was killing myself but i couldn't help it wow so you lost over 260 pounds and you saved your life by simply choosing to do so you just made the conscious choice of changing your life so i know you're not a fan of the word can't uh but when did you decide i can't keep living this way and when did that just really change for you uh things got real when i was about 25 and i have a grandfather on my mother's side who had had a series of heart attacks and needed quadruple bypass surgery right just a long history of heart issues uh on my father's side my grandfather died of a series of heart attacks before i was even born i never met the man and then my own father at this point was struggling with his heart and so i knew that i'm just on this accelerated plan and as much as i was tired of certain things in life like being depressed and being hidden and just kind of feeling like shamed by by life and and things and i just i still despite all of that had this just like desire to live and i knew that if i didn't make changes i would be dead before i was 30. and so when you're staring down the barrel of death within the matter of years like that really puts things into perspective right it wasn't live like you're dying it was like live so that you can live and you know i couldn't walk more than 10 feet without my chest beginning to tighten up at that point like literally i'm i'm in my early to mid 20s and i was about to have a heart attack at 420 pounds dead series i would have to stop catch my breath and then walk another 10 feet stop catch my breath again wipe all of this sweat that was coming off of me i mean i was just sweating profusely it was gross looked like i was actually just coming out of a shower that's no way to live man like if that was truly how life was going to be i wouldn't want to stick around i also knew that change was possible and so yeah simplistically i have written and i have stated that you know i just wanted to live it's a it's a little bit more complex than that because that drive to survive was really um it was a fiery one man i i mean i was just so ultra motivated and there are a few other reasons that that that occurred but that was it man i just i wanted to see 30 bro so change is really difficult and we can often get stuck in our own heads thinking that the cost of change is too great or that we don't need to change right now we can just push things off for me it was a cancer diagnosis for you it was facing the realization that you might not see 30. for what would you recommend to people in terms of breaking through any kind of excuses and just drawing a line in the sand if you don't have something so tangible and real staring you in the face oh boy so now that is a hard question to answer because everybody's motivation is different and if a person isn't ready to make changes and they don't have that kind of catastrophic event occurring in their life that that horrific diagnosis or the realization that yeah you know you're going to check out if you don't change if a person doesn't have that type of motivation and they're not ready to change themselves i mean i don't know what can be done honestly to to move that needle for them but what you know i will say is that when you are ready to change you'll know it um it's it's a different kind of a feeling that i had when i finally was able to break through than every other diet that i was able to go on and so the advice that i would give somebody as they're embarking on that journey is any excuse that you have as for why you shouldn't diet or why it won't be successful that's something that you have concocted in your own mind right that is a figment of your imagination it is not real that is an obstacle that you have put in front of yourself just so you don't have to deal with going through change and change is difficult man right it's not a walk in the park you know it can be hell and it can be torture and so anything that we can do to postpone that all of the effort that goes into it um a lot of times that we do and and and we also tell ourselves that we can't live without these types of foods right like i at one time you know was convinced i would never be able to live without taco bell and i know that it's foods are different for everybody but whatever the vice may be i i promise you this you can live without it and not not just live without it i mean really live you know thrive without it and you're gonna be just fine so realize that all of those obstacles are just illusions and they're really when you think about it something that you put there yourself so you don't have to face a difficult choice in that moment but you also have it within you at this very second to make those changes and put in that hard work and be successful long term anybody who's ever done that is not superman or superwoman they're just a regular person we're all born with the same set of tools to make these radical amazing incredible changes in our lives that we never thought were possible we're just ordinary people and because you're an ordinary person too you are also capable of making these radical amazing extreme life-changing changes everybody can do it yeah i love that i always look to other people and i think if they have accomplished something that i want to accomplish it is by definition possible and the only thing holding me back from accomplishing that is my thoughts about what's possible for me so just putting those aside even though it's scary and just moving forward is really important and that's how i've accomplished um things in my life that i didn't think were possible for me and it's really changed my life so i totally agree with that you've talked about how your taste preferences have shifted from craving burritos cheesesteaks pizza taco bell to craving kale carrots bananas other plant foods what was it like to detox from your food addiction it wasn't fun man um i mean there's so many times that you know i would try to diet and it just it wouldn't last because the detox was intense so it begins with we were talking about that irritability earlier right and that's the biggest one right you were just a raging bag of emotions and really none of them at the time seemed positive like see somebody would say good morning to you and and you might want to rip their head off or somebody would say wow you know it is a beautiful day and you're there's nothing beautiful about it and you know bleep you and bleep your family too like it was just anger and rage so that part really kind of stinks um and that takes a while to get past because you know the majority of us have been eating that unhealthy diet for so many years which means that that addiction is so very strong but you can get past that but the other thing is with me the detox i also started to feel sick physically you know because there was a lot of healing that was occurring inside of me and that means like major changes are happening uh with your microbiome with literally every organ in your body that you've been gunking up now for decades and so you're gonna feel sick like like almost having the flu and i i kind of liken it to again going back to drawing that parallel with uh drug abuse is when somebody detoxes off of that you often see them get sick and it's not necessarily going to be to the same extent where you're running a high fever and you're throwing up for days or anything like that but you are going to feel like you have a really really really bad freaking case of the flu or a really wicked bad cold or something like that and you're going to have the aches you're going to have the chills that was my experience and it takes a while to to get past that you know and then the cravings man i mean even when you pass them physically they can linger so here i am and in this regard i'm not sure that you ever completely detox off of a food because there are times when i'll be watching a game right and an advertisement for pizza hut or taco bell or whatever the latest and greatest at the drive-thru uh is you know they'll pop up on the tv and i'll be like huh that seems pretty good you know and then it's just like you know like what are you thinking like no like you can snap back to your new reality at that point but for whatever reason the brain is still wired to think that those things are are something that your body needs um and so it's kind of funny and that's very similar to i used to be a smoker too and i'll still have these fleeting cravings every now and again for a cigarette as well and they just come out of the blue and it's the most bizarre thing so um the detox period itself stinks it does get a lot a lot easier and almost comical uh as the years roll by and you've got it lit like i i do think honestly man it's it's hysterical that those ads still kind of trigger me um now knowing full well i will never give in to them but it's just hysterical knowing that with everything that i've been through everything it took to get back to this point you know it's like dude and i'm still craving this like what what are they putting in this garbage man so you went to detail in describing what your diet used to look like so what does your diet look like now and what kind of foods are you really prioritizing ah healthy foods so number one uh nothing but tea um water and uh plant milks and and that's pretty much uh my my drinks exclusively these days um so no more diet sodas no more regular sodas no more anything unhealthy no more gatorade uh sorry mike um but i'm eating breakfast now um and just like you know it seems like 99 of everybody who's eating a plant-based diet will tell you the same thing i eat oatmeal for breakfast and then i throw a bunch of fruit in there maybe some flax or some chia seeds in there too so i mean nothing special whatsoever um in in the morning but you know what you know what the funny thing is man so it's like taco bell used to be my jam but really my jam now is two things it's kimchi i freaking love just spicy kimchi the kind that doesn't have any added sugar in it there's a there's a brand out there that i'm just like gaga over well there's two um and and i would desperately love to to mention them but for the love of pearl you know i would love to be an ambassador for them too but anyway kimchi is great roasted brussels sprouts cannot go a day without roasted brussels sprouts either and it doesn't matter oh dude they are man they're so good and it's like no matter what i'm eating like it can be like a bowl of pasta right which is some regular marinara sauce and you know some vegetables on top of that and i'm still gonna want that side of roasted brussels sprouts or um you know it could be tofu give me the roasted brussels sprouts on the side it can be a big salad give me the roasted brussels sprouts on the side it doesn't really matter like you know those are just that's that's my thing now um i don't think that there's there's a a jekyll and hyde type of situation where i would have to detox off of brussels sprouts but man they are tasty so lunch typically is i mean it's it can either be leftovers from something that i've made here um or it could be you know something is as simple as a wrap you know nothing nothing real special uh dinner for me historically has been just a big old kitchen sink salad i'm a huge fan just said of roasted brussel sprouts but like really any roasted vegetable is good so if you open up my fridge there's always like a bunch of different things in there roasted cauliflower roasted red pepper roasted brussels sprouts obviously sometimes roasted carrots like whatever the case may be so it's just like all right let me get this bed of greens and i'll mix a few different kinds in there like you know let's get some kale going let's get some chard going sometimes it's spinach you know we'll like throw all of that in there on top of some quinoa and then every roasted vegetable under the sun that i have in the refrigerator boom i throw that in there and i call that the kitchen sink salad and here's here's what you know this sounds a little bit weird until you try it and that is instead of using a salad dressing that is from the store that's probably going to have more fat in it than you would like and probably some ingredients that you really don't want to be eating anyway what i've learned to do is just kind of take a baked sweet potato bake it until it's ultra tender and then put that in the salad as well and then because it's so tender literally just kind of like take the salad bowl put a top on it and shake it all up and so what happens is that potato then kind of coats everything and becomes your dressing and i fully admit bro that that sounds like really kind of wacky and out of left field don't knock it until you try it because it is delicious yes it is and brussels sprouts are definitely one of my favorites too and i i feel like they get such a bad rap when you're a kid it's like oh brussels sprouts like that's the thing i shouldn't like and uh i've just become really addicted to them so i can't totally understand where that's coming from so tell tell us about the one nacho theory and how we can apply that to our lives to become more mindful eaters oh man am i glad you asked about the one nacho theory this is my theory for why we are on that roller coaster of of weight it's the reason why so many of us go so wrong from the beginning um the one nacho theory is that for a certain segment of the population you can't have just one nacho and be okay because if you eat that one nacho your entire diet all of that progress goes off the rails so it's it's like this how many people have said okay i'm gonna lose 20 pounds and once i do i'm gonna have this big slice of chocolate cake right and so like that's their big reward for losing 20 pounds but then once they eat that chocolate cake they have another slice and another slice and then suddenly they start reintroducing all of the foods that they had taken out of their diet to lose that 20 pounds and then that 20 pounds comes back and then some and then or it could be a case where you've lost that weight you never had a goal of celebrating your weight loss with an unhealthy food but you think i've done so good i can i can have just one of whatever and so this is what happened with me this was one of my most successful weight losses ever i had lost somewhere in the ballpark of 65 or 70 pounds and i was feeling great and i was like you know what i can have just one nacho i can have just one nacho and i did and i took that nacho and i dunked it in the nacho cheese and i ate it and it was delicious and then i had another nacho and then another and then another and then before you know it i'm back at the drive-through at taco bell and all of that weight came pouring back on and i was as heavy as i had ever been in my life and then some so the one nacho theory we can't handle just one nacho and if you think that you can you're sadly mistaken it's the same as celebrating sobriety by having a beer it's the same as saying well i haven't had a cigarette in a year i can have just one to celebrate this momentous occasion and what happens when that alcoholic has that beer what happens when that former smoker you know has that one cigarette you know there is a very good chance that they will be falling off the wagon as well there will be more beers in that person's future and that person who just had one cigarette was like man i miss this i feel so good now and then they go out and they buy a pack and before you know it they're smoking a pack a day again so the one nacho theory is that food is exactly the same as those other things that we do consider to be addictive we know are addictive so why would then you eat that one nacho and risk derailing all of your success yeah i love that i and i i also i'd like to talk about how you balance that mindset with uh kind of i guess balance eating for health with eating for pleasure and unders i know that there should be lots of overlap between both of those and you should enjoy the brussels sprouts you should enjoy these other healthy plant foods what do you say to the person who also would like a piece of chocolate or like something else and they use that as kind of a tool for building consistency by not just telling themselves they can't have something and then risk potentially binging at some point so i guess i'd just like to hear you talk about that a little bit yeah man and this is this is something honestly that my mindset has kind of changed slightly um over the course of the last three years and that is i used to be terrified of any sort of rap or any sort of burrito no matter what was in it um because i was like that's just gonna be a trigger i mean it could be nothing but rice and black beans wrapped up in a tortilla and i wouldn't touch it because i was like oh my god this is gonna send me right back to taco bell it doesn't it's different when when it's a healthier version and so the message that i put out there now is i'm not telling you that you can't eat the foods that you've been enjoying your entire life what i'm telling you is you can enjoy healthier versions of them so it's not this really radical breakup with food that we think that it is you're actually stepping into a much healthier relationship right a relationship that isn't toxic you know i was a taco bell junkie and just last night i was uh doing an instagram live with my friend dr will bolsoewitz who had just published the fiberfield cookbook and i was making sweet potato and black bean burritos as we were talking on instagram and they were freaking delicious and so you can enjoy that and if you're a chocolate fan you know you can take some cacao powder and and you know have like a heck of a chocolate shake that you've made with nothing but you know frozen fruits and vegetables and you just throw a little bit of cacao in there boom that satisfies the old sweet tooth or you know there's so many different ways that you can get that hit of that food that you've you've been enjoying your whole life and cheese is a big one for a lot of people and you know how nutritional yeast kind of mirrors the flavor of that which can satisfy the old palette you know there's just so many ways creative ways as you know that you can replicate these types of foods in a healthy manner that you've been enjoying your entire life and that used to freak me out also on diets like i remember uh when i would go initially you know for for consultation for weight loss surgery and it was it was just like the people were asking when could i have this again when could i have that again and it's just like well you probably shouldn't be having that again but here's what you can have that message was never relayed at that particular point and so a lot of the people who went through they had the weight loss surgery they put all the weight back on just like it was another diet you know so you can enjoy foods this is the thing you can absolutely enjoy them but healthier versions of them that's a great message so you didn't step foot into a gym at all on your path to losing over 250 pounds you just focus on your diet and you walked miles every day run uh in the sun rain uh snow i'm a really big proponent for setting some kind of daily step goal when your goal is to lose body fat and i think walking in general is just really underrated for fat loss i'm sure you agree with that uh but i'd love to know how has your relationship with fitness evolved over the years i was i was the america's least physically fit individual uh for a very long time um and i just fitness and i were just never really simpatico we were just on two completely different wavelengths but i thought that you know this is why i never went to the gym uh when i was successful here finally is because when i would try to lose weight and i would go on all of those diets diets previously um the first thing i would do was to go out and to get a gym membership so over time i began to equate the gym with failure and so as i'm going through this radical transformation i wanted to do everything differently you know because i knew that that gym membership i'd go for you know a couple of months and then i'd pay for it for another year but never stepped foot inside of there right so that's just throwing money away so i equated that with failure and instead what i did was you know initially all i could do was walk across the street and so like that's what i would do i walked across the street and i would sit on this park bench and sometimes they'd be playing a baseball game there sometimes it'd be a completely empty field i sit there for 10 or 15 minutes and i'd walk back to my desk and then over time i was able to walk around the block and then one block became two two became three and then it was a huge day when i was able to walk a mile for the first time in years without stopping and i didn't want to stop so one mile became two and then three and eventually on my lunch break every single day i was walking five miles and people are like well man you know that's a really long lunch break to walk five miles and they're absolutely right it is but my boss and my colleagues were so inspired by the transformation that they were witnessing my boss was like hey man do your five miles just make up that time at the end of the day and guess what that's exactly what i did but because i also wasn't worried about going to the gym you know it wasn't like i had to drag myself there after i had already worked all day and i was tired and the last thing that i wanted to do was to go put in another hour hour and a half in the gym right you don't have to do that because you've knocked it all out during your lunch break right and so building up that routine is huge and so start with the small step goal it doesn't have to be 10 000 steps which seems to be the standard you know just look at your pedometer on your phone if you've got a smartphone you've you've had this pedometer all along look at that see what your average is and just say okay well this week i want to beat it by a hundred or 200 steps a day and then increase that over time and before you know it you will get to that 10 000 mark or even higher it becomes a game you kind of compete with yourself to see how well you can do it it's it's a lot of fun and just stay motivated with it and it doesn't matter as you said you know whether it was raining or snowing or sleeting whatever the case may be i was still always out there on that walk because i did not feel very good about myself when i didn't do that and i was also worried that if i didn't do this you know i would get out of this routine and then all of the weight would come back too so that was a motivation for me as well to keep moving forward keep walking those steps and i really enjoyed it i mean physically mentally there's just nothing but upside to just going out and going for a walk man it helps you clear your head and feel good about life yeah i try to do that every single day and i love that experience as well just getting out in nature is so healing and restorative and that's something that really can ground my days and i really enjoy that so do you currently have a gym membership are you currently kind of involved in some kind of resistance training routine or is it uh really just kind of being active very much still lifestyle i did have a gym membership briefly when i was actually doing a radio show um so fun side note is after i lost all the weight like i got like this huge surge of confidence and kind of got to ask myself well what do you want to be when you grow up and remember how i had grown up listening to sports talk radio was just like a sports nut um i founded my own sports media company used my broadcast background for that and i began covering the nfl primarily the team here in washington and befriended one of the players who uh you know wound up doing a radio show with me and you know he was like when you go into the gym when you go into the gym you know you got to tone up you got to do this you got to do that you know it's a football player he's been doing that his entire life so the idea of not going to the gym was as foreign to him as going to the gym was to me but this dude was like six six three and a quarter 100 muscle right so i'm like i'm just gonna go ahead and get this gym membership uh less i pay the consequences so um so i started to go and it just it was just like i i expected it to be you know it was kind of fun to climb on a treadmill and realize oh my god i can't just walk a mile i mean i can run a mile and it's like no problem whatsoever um so that part was fun but you know even then you know it only lasted like a few months before i was like this just isn't my jam so i stopped going and just like when i was using it to diet before you know i kept paying on it for a year before i was like uh let me just go ahead and cancel this so that's that's kind of where my head's at and i i don't fight that at all you know it's it's it's all lifestyle now it's making sure you're using it's like the little things man the little things make such a big difference take the stairs not the elevator you know use the restroom if you're going to work on a different floor you know get up from your desk once an hour just walk around for a hot second you know stretch those legs get those steps you know walk as far as you can and then you know it could be something as simple as one of the ideas that i was also introduced to uh when i was covering the nfl was you know doing some push-ups every time you would go to the restroom now i'm not recommending getting on the floor of a public restroom and banging out 10 push-ups no what i'm saying is when you get back to your desk go ahead and knock those out right um so that you know helps you keep a little bit of tone a little bit of definition there you're never gonna be like this ultra strong guy like you've become um but you're gonna be physically fit and you're gonna have something that is sustainable for you and that is also the key it's like finding what is something that you can build into your life that you can do every single day and it's not taxing for you it doesn't feel foreign it feels natural you can just bang it out make that part of your routine and stay physically fit sustainability in your fitness journey is the most important piece and you really need to find something that fits into your lifestyle complements your lifestyle and is something that you truly enjoy so i would just reiterate everything you just said it is so important to do that whether that's resistance training for you or what you just described or whatever else that is so you touched on the confidence that you gained from your weight loss journey and how that really enabled you to pursue your dream of becoming a reporter and covering sports and news for cbs and later nbc news radio how has your perspective changed about what's possible for you uh over your health journey this is my favorite part of it it's not the weight loss it's just like it's everything that comes with it and and realizing you know just everything that you are capable of doing you know it goes back to those obstacles we were talking about earlier in the show right the same obstacles the same excuses that you would have for why you can't successfully diet you know we put similar obstacles in our way as for why we can't achieve certain career goals and i'm not saying everybody's going to be you know like bill gates ultra rich that's just not possible but you can be extremely happy in your career doing exactly what it is that you've always wanted to do you know you don't have to be stuck in your ways man so this confidence that because once you learn that you can do something lose weight keep it off that you thought was impossible right so now that you know that the impossible is in fact possible well okay well what else do i have in my life that's impossible that i've always wanted to accomplish and for me that was the career and getting unstuck in that kind of mindset and going on and and becoming a reporter man so it's just again it's like what do you want to be when you grow up i want to do this okay go do it i don't care if you're 50 60 70 years old like close to retirement you know why not spend those last couple of years in the workforce working on something that you love to do you absolutely can do that and you're kidding yourself if you tell yourself that it's not possible right so start turning that you know is not possible into is possible and magic can happen that's been the number one thing that i've gotten out of my fitness journey my health and fitness journey is confidence not just confidence when i look in the mirror but the confidence to pursue a career that is truly meaningful to me the confidence to put myself out there and build relationships the confidence to do things that i used to not think were possible for me and i still have lots of trepidation around taking that initial step but i just decide hey i'm going to do this in the face of that fear and that has forever changed my life so i like to say that fitness is a catalyst for life transformation because i have seen firsthand building that self-confidence can really contribute to your life and i yeah i couldn't agree more how has your why really evolved over your health and fitness journey when you were first getting started you just said hey i want to live to see 30. but how has it evolved over time and what has that been like for you so it's it's not just me anymore you know my wife and i don't have kids so for a lot of a lot of um you know their their why is their family and their children because they want to be around to see them grow and then the next generation after that they want to be there my wife and i don't have kids don't plan on having kids that's not the why for me my motivation kind of like you know if you want to use those terms my ultimate motivation my kids are the people who have become inspired by my story or heard about it or listened to the exam room podcast and have overhauled their health transformed in ways that they never thought were possible before and to get emails from them you know that say hey you know i had diabetes i've lost 50 pounds it's gone now i didn't think that was possible and i heard about it first on your show thank you so much it's so inspiring or chuck like you i was 300 pounds overweight and i've lost 200 of it i still have 100 to go man but i know that it's possible because you know i came across your story thank you you know and it's not about boosting an ego like yeah you know i did all this and now people are following suit because of me no it's people are following suit and they're learning that it's possible right and so while it may have been my particular story that got them going you know now it's going to be their story that's going to get another person going right and so when there are so many millions of people out there right now who are exactly where i used to be my why is to reach those people whether it's because they see my story or it's they saw somebody else's story who may have learned about it you know from wherever and they make these changes too the why is proving to or helping other people prove to themselves that they are in fact capable of doing the impossible and so just that gratitude that i receive from people who have had these incredible transformations means more than any paycheck ever will because i know that feeling and i know how sweet that feeling is and it opens your eyes to a whole other life you know and that's when it becomes life 2.0 i love that the why is helping people reach life 2.0 i love that yeah that's there's no greater feeling than watching our clients experience those same kind of results and that is why i do what i do to help other people go through that a similar experience and our mission is to help a million vegans get into the best shape of their lives and that's because i firmly believe that the more healthy and fit vegans there are in the world the bigger that ripple effect will be that you talked about so the more animals will help the more people it will save in terms of their health and give them more quality years of life and more confidence to live life on their terms i think that ripple effect is so powerful and that's clearly what you're pushing for in your work as well so i think that's just incredible i'm a really big proponent of following your passion and i'd love to know how has following your passion really guided your life and resulted in the creation of the exam room podcast man you know it's um boy that's a loaded question uh it's it's made my life just so much more rich you know those obstacles are no longer there and you know it really did guide me right to the exam room podcast because you know after i you know uh transitioned cbs wanted me to transition from sports over to news and i did that but when you when you're covering the news and it was it was a lot of fun man i mean i saw things firsthand that you know you only see about when you're scrolling through your phone uh or you see it on the news um you know and it was a real privilege to be able to see these things man but so much of the news that gets reported is negative stuff you know it's houses that have burned down people have lost everything or worse yet you know murders people have lost a loved one families are literally torn apart you know and when you're covering that type of news day in and day out it begins to take a toll on you mentally and so even though with your physical health you may be thriving at this point as i was but when you're around negativity all day it's still told you know it's still taxing there's there's an enormous toll and so i i knew that i still loved broadcasting but i wanted to do something healthier so i was like well i know about this group the physicians committee and i'd done something with them in the past let me approach them about doing this show and it only took you know like three meetings and then we had a done deal to create the first episode of the exam room and it's just blown up into one of the biggest nutrition podcasts on the entire planet which is so cool and so it's just like again taking those obstacles out of your way and then knowing that you can do whatever it is that you set your mind to do man it is such a good feeling and it is so sweet and honestly man i have never ever ever ever been happier than i am uh today you know and i did that by taking charge of my health and then subsequently the confidence has enabled me to follow my passions and i have no plans on slowing down if anything i'm just going to accelerate and and keep expanding and doing other things that can help other people and nothing is going to make me happier than to see more people succeed and experience the same type of transformations you and i have had so you touched on the fact that uh you were initially your why was hey i want to see 30. was that driven by a was that driven by a fear of death or was that driven more so by a fear of hey there's more that i feel like i need to contribute in this lifetime or was it a combination of both of those so it was definitely a fear of death man um i'm not gonna lie to you you know i'd like to be as honest uh as i can because truth is always easier than lies man so yeah i am scared to death of dying to this day right because i'm enjoying life so much at this point i i really i want to be around for as long as i possibly can so that that was an enormous motivating factor but yeah you know even at that age you know i knew that there was still so much more that i with my life and so that that definitely played a part in it as well um but death was primarily the motivating factor because if i didn't you know if i wasn't able to escape that one man how could i possibly go on to do anything else right that's the end of the road so when you're facing that i mean that it doesn't get you know much more motivating than that but the funny thing is though man even with death being the motivating factor it still was a number of years before i was able to make changes you know that that brought me to this point you know going back to food addiction it just shows how powerful of a hold food can have on us yeah i think it was steve jobs who said that death is the single greatest invention of life um i believe it was him who said that and it's kind of along the i the the lines of hey this uh it gives you a reason to live it gives you a reason to have you have kind of a deadline on what you can contribute to the world and it uh it just pushes you to actually live life now instead of pushing it off so uh what uh what advice would you give to someone who experiences anxiety around food after they've lost weight okay this is a good one it's that one don't fight that anxiety right because if you fight it it makes the situation a whole lot worse so if you know that food is going to make you anxious rethink that anxiety would you like what exactly does that mean i call it suck right it just sucks at that moment right so maybe you're anxious you're having like this intense craving for the food and your life just absolutely sucks at the moment because all you can focus on is getting that food right somehow that situation that 10 that 15 minutes whatever the case may be while you're having this intense craving is occurring just accepting the fact that you're going to be uncomfortable for that time makes it a little bit easier because at that point you know that you will get past it you know it's a fleeting thing and if you're anxious because there's all of this food around that you really don't want to eat and you're in a social situation and you feel like people are pressuring you to eat it it's cool except the suck for that time as well and you're gonna be fine you're gonna be uncomfortable but you're also going to be fine and so just as i say accept the suck and so it just becomes easier it it just does you know it's it's funny like you give yourself permission to be uncomfortable as opposed to trying to swim upstream and like beating yourself up for having these feelings about something as as you know wacky as food they're you know you are who you are you crave what you crave you know don't beat yourself up over these feelings they're perfectly natural for goodness sakes accept them embrace them doesn't mean give in to them but understand that that's just a part of who you are but also understand that you already have the tools to get past it just to give yourself permission to be uncomfortable for a little while and you're going to be okay i think what you said earlier in finding healthy alternatives to some kind of uh any kind of cravings that you have i think that's a important part of that process and kind of transitioning to a healthier lifestyle so love that um you've had the pleasure of speaking with many amazing guests on the exam room podcast what have been some of your biggest takeaways from the conversations you've had bro man have my eyes been open to so many things um it's it's that you hear about these sky-high rates of chronic diseases right and i had no idea that any of that stuff was preventable or even reversible in a lot of cases right i didn't know that you could reverse diabetes but i've talked to people who have gone blind damn near had to have amputations because their blood sugar was raging so out of control they changed the way they ate they changed the way they lived and guess what the diabetes reversed they can see again they don't need an amputation why because that leg that foot is working just fine people who have you know gone into remission from cancer you know told well okay you know there's a high probability that this thing is going to come back but then 10 15 20 years later it hasn't come back why because they've changed the way that they've eaten heart disease had heart disease like damn near like just ridiculous blockages you know should have had a heart attack change the way that you eat go back in guess what heart disease is gone i didn't know any of that was possible man and so just knowing that is just so empowering so empowering because it it it it teaches you man that you have more control over your future than you realize right alzheimer's is the big one for me that's another part of my why that we haven't gotten into is because it runs so rampant in my family and i you know was convinced that i was gonna have it you know but now i know the foods not to eat i know what to eat to prevent it and i know that you know for a large number of these cases the cases they are 100 percent preventable you know i remember speaking to dean and aisha cher's i about this and just feeling a sense of comfort during that interview i mean you could probably even see it on my face as they're explaining this to me for the first time i was like holy crap this is so much more than just weight loss like you really can take control of your health your whole health i mean every freaking aspect of it you have so much more control over than you could possibly realize and that too man that is just the coolest feeling in the world man yeah that really is the coolest feeling love just seeing people understand that they have control over their health and fitness journey and building the self-confidence that they can continue doing this for life and they find some kind of long-term sustainable approach that works really well for them that's just absolutely life-changing and i also as i was going through my cancer diagnosis i didn't have any history of cancer in my family even at that time i was feeling like genes are your destiny what uh whatever you are whatever kinds of diseases you are experiencing that's out of your control and it wasn't until i started diving into the research and realized actually only a small percentage of these long-term health conditions like alzheimer's like cancer like heart disease can be attributed in some way to genetics and the vast majority is just lifestyle factors that go into that and that was a that was so empowering as you touched on it was such an empowering idea that just completely changed my life and it's really amazing to see people make that realization as well yeah man it's i just i love that i i love i love hearing from people who have had that epiphany um because as we were saying man that's that's sweeter than any paycheck in the world could ever possibly be there's no amount of money that can match that and um yeah man god i could talk about that all day too man that just makes me feel good dude yeah love that so last question that i wanted to talk about a little bit was how people's perceptions of you family friends other how that's really changed of like their perceptions of you over this transformation this amazing transformation that you've experienced i don't know the demand okay you may have stuffed me dude um i you know uh immediately i i don't know i mean i would think that okay chuck's chuck's gonna be okay i didn't think that he was going to be able to lick those food demons but he did yeah man you know the the public perception as we were talking about a little bit earlier in the show is certainly a lot different you know people are a little bit more uh warm and inviting they're not coming up to you and saying you know well look at what's in your shopping cart you junk food junkie no wonder you're so fat you know you don't get that anymore um so there's less stigma with it and there should never be that kind of stigma by the way ever that's not okay but i think that you know the perception is look man if this guy was able to do it then i can do it too and i i hope that there are people who are close to me who probably haven't said anything they may be a little vegan skeptical or whatever the case may be but i guarantee they're keeping a close eye and they're wondering well could this help me and i guarantee it could um so i mean yeah i don't really know dude you you have asked me the first question in a very long time that i don't have a very good answer for man uh i i don't know what you have to ask yeah dude that's that's a credit to you you would have to ask other people you know how their perception of me has changed i haven't asked them that's that's really that is a good question man my hat is off to you yeah thanks uh so you touched on veganism just there i'd like to talk a little bit about your views on kind of plant-based versus veganism and how you kind of use those terms and what they mean to you i know that you're the host of a very popular nutrition podcast that's very science-based so i know the term plant-based is kind of used more in that circle but you also just touch on veganism so yeah how do you view those terms and what do they mean to you yeah i mean there it is very interesting um plant-based is uh i mean just by definition plant-based is a way of eating and vegan is a lifestyle right and so there there are people who use it interchangeably and then there's also you know a segment of the population where it's like no if you don't drive a car that doesn't have any leather in it whatsoever you you know you can't have a leather belt no leather boots anything like that anything animal related has to be 100 out of your life in order to be vegan you know that's that's that and that's that is sadly you know a really hard thing to live up to in these day in this day and age i mean it's hard to come into contact with something that hasn't you been a derivative somehow from an animal at some point in your day it just is and it sucks um you try to avoid it as much as you can but plant-based is more nutrition focused for me so when i think about the two you know that's that's kind of my delineation is lifestyle versus diet exclusively so that's kind of my separation and plant-based i think is there's also not that that stigma that is still associated with the v word uh for a lot of people people hear vegan and you know if they're they're not uh interested in uh giving up meat or dairy boy that elicits a reaction because i can only imagine you know how i would have felt at 420 pounds if somebody would say hey chuck you should go vegan i'd be like the hell i should like get out of here with that like you know so it's just getting past that stigma and and you realize that there's no need for it um once you do embrace the idea of eating a plant-based diet um but yeah plant-based is nutrition vegan is a lifestyle that's the way i see it yeah me too and i initially went plant-based for my health and then i watched earthlings and that really kind of opened my eyes so did you have a similar realization and watching some kind of animal cruelty or just getting exposed to that uh that industry that um kind of opened your eyes into veganism after going plant-based yeah i think it's it's hard not to get your eyes open for that you know people go vegan for three reasons right primarily more often than not it's going to be for their own health right but then there's also the environmental aspect of it and then the animal uh aspect of it so that's that's your holy trinity of veganism right there i i guess back in the day i just always thought well you know man is at the top of the food chain so it doesn't really matter how these animals are treated and i didn't really give much thought to to that right i just thought that this was just natural order of things but then to see some of these these documentaries that you've been talking about um and and witnessing what these animals actually go through like it's hard not to have compassion for that right it's hard not to think like that's just not right like and and just kind of feel sick by what it is that you're seeing you know these atrocities and and whether it's you know slaughter for food or experiments that are being conducted in labs like all of that is just completely unnecessary and it's heartbreaking and you know um when you know people tell me that they're kind of flexitarian you know and they'll still drink milk or they'll still eat you know a hamburger you know every now and again you know for me like i just i can't do that you know i'm not going to judge that person and vilify them and tell them that they're going to hell when they die i'm not going to do any of that right but i do immediately think about you know where that milk came from where that hamburger came from what that animal went through just so they could have that and so the way that i see it is just for me to have five minutes of enjoyment that animal have to go through all of that and lose its life that's pretty daggone selfish man you know so i don't consider myself to be an activist per se but if you ask me my opinion i'm gonna tell you exactly what it is that i just told you you know it's like somebody went through hell and torture for you to have what it is that you're having right now and do you think that it would be fair if the shoe were on the other foot and that person was you right you wouldn't you wouldn't say like i'm gonna give up my life so somebody can enjoy me for five minutes like no way no freaking way so why is it any different for animals i don't know yeah it's a the golden rule and that's something your child is a kid but it doesn't uh it applies to other humans until you kind of make that um kind of mental transition and understand really what these animals are going through and that's uh totally changed my perception on all of it so yeah it's it's amazing that i that following a plant-based um mostly whole food plant-based uh diet so beneficial to your health and to the planet and to the animals i just love that this eating approach benefits everyone and our world at large and that's um that's a huge blessing to be able to pursue a way of eating that's aligned with your best interests and the best interests of animals in the planet so chuck i really appreciate all of your transparency today thank you so much for your time this has been an awesome conversation uh how can our audience best support your work where can they go how can we support you oh man uh you do me a huge favor if you haven't already subscribed to the exam room podcast uh please you know uh you're probably listening to this right now so uh hop on the apple pod and just search for the exam room by the physicians committee and uh subscribe to that there and then leave a five star review or five star rating if you would be so kind as well because that really does not just help out the show but it helps get that show and that information out there to people who who need it the most when they need it the most so if you could do that that would be fantastic i'm also on instagram and twitter chuck carroll wlc and then facebook as well you know just search for me and uh there i will be yeah awesome and we didn't touch on uh kind of your your nickname uh but that's where the wlc comes from so you are known as the weight loss champion and uh that's actually referencing a um that nfl player you were talking about earlier uh he was actually the one who kind of gave you that that nickname and kind of forced you to adopt it he did man like i was uncomfortable with it at first and because you know during this radio show we would give out a championship belt to the player of the week on the team you know who who was the mvp and and and just one day out of the blue he's like you know what you know what you're you're the weight loss champion you're the weight loss champion and i was like if you say so and i didn't think anything of it and then the next show when i didn't introduce myself as the weight loss champion chuck carroll he stopped me right then and there he's like why didn't you call yourself the weight loss champion i was like i don't know it's kind of braggadocious he's like it's not bragging if it's a fact dude you lost almost 300 pounds you are the weight loss champion and so when somebody who's that large and has that big a muscle is telling you like this is the way that it is that's the way that it is but you know what i also thought i was like this is a guy who is ultra successful has accomplished his dreams he knows clearly what he's talking about and it's that kind of mentality of truly embracing who you are and embracing your success and realizing that yeah you can embrace it without being just this egotistical arrogant jerk because that really was my my primary concern with that nickname is i didn't want anybody to think that i was talking down to them or i was elite you know that's not the case it was just like it's just a way of celebrating the success that i've had and so eventually i got comfortable with it and i've embraced it and it's just a little bit of a reminder of how far i've come yeah love that yeah so please go ahead uh follow chuck follow the exam room podcast subscribe to the exam room podcast leave that five star review to help other people uh discover the amazing work that chuck is doing and chuck again i just want to thank you for your time this has been awesome thank you my friend i appreciate it

- The Today Show's Matt Lauer Interviews Gwen Shamblin Weigh Down Founder: Kind: captions Language: en loosing weight with the help of God that is the foundation of something called faith-based diets it's a message that's selling around the country like hotcakes which by the way aren't always off limits here's NBC's Ron Mott breakfast at the Smiths outside Nashville is loaded with love and calories but that's where the heaviness ends Kent and Regina are fit and trim just like their kids after dropping a combined 145 pounds they're part of a growing number of Americans exercising faith to fight fat our focus is now on God it's not on the food anymore or pleasing ourselves it is on God the Smiths are big believers in the 20 year old program weigh down 22 people which claims a million followers nationwide many of them happily losers 80 pounds 83 pounds 90 pounds 20 pounds I've lost 150 pounds I tried dieting I tried exercise and it didn't work for me so let's praise God what works they say is being devoted to God's biblical teachings about the body and soul and eating only when physically hungry think more lifestyle change less diet all the dieting ever got me was more focused on food and more overweight I lost all my weight and that was so that was so much of a nightmare that's over and it's been over for years and I don't expect that's ever going to come back from her lips to God's ears for today Ron Mott NBC News Atlanta three years ago Andy Sarles and his wife Maggie each weighed around 500 pounds but together they are now 551 pounds lighter and they credit Gwen Shamblin faith based diet book the way down guy good morning to all of you nice to see you so give me the crib notes here what what is the weigh down diet way down diets for dummies good why it's not the main thing is it's not a diet and it is a diet in the sense that it's what you consume but these people have all lost weight permanently because they have transferred a relationship with the refrigerator over to a relationship with God yeah I was looking through your material in the notes the producer gave me and what stuck out to me was this one thing the key as far as I can tell us this aspect of we learn to feed and nourish your longing heart with a relationship with God as opposed to a relationship with food right yes so why can't it be a relationship with video games or a relationship with knitting why does it have to be with God that would be one more thing of slavery and so you want to get out of self and you want to you know get out of the love of food those things won't get back to you food you will not love you back we're talking about having a relationship with God it isn't religion it's a relationship with God where you're going God can you make me feel better than a rocky road ice cream so does this only work for people of faith with great faith in way that we need faith every no no it works for anyone because I believe we're all religious and what we're talking about if you did have a relationship with football or photography or food that you can transfer this all right make sense well let's see let's put it into action here Maggie what did you wait and I'm sure you tried a lot of other diets or and then even though this isn't technically a diet what did you weigh beforehand what do you weigh now I was in the 440s and I'm 148 and what specifically about this particular plan do you think made it work for you where others didn't well the difference between this man is that everything I tried it would maybe help me lose weight but this is the only program that gave me hope and success and were you a very religious person beforehand um I thought I was I thought I had a good relationship with God but I can say this has just made it stronger Andy you lost 200 and I think 57 pounds over two years and you have kept it off yes which really is the problem with most other diets what about the faith-based aspect of this do you think helps you keep it off just fill that you know it's it's strengthened my faith every day and like I mean but does it have you also not just dramatically changed what you eat well yeah definitely it's definitely reduced because I used to run the food so much you know where's now I do run to God I pray and I just wait until I'm hungry you know it's like that's the way God's made all of us it's no different for anyone no we're not special I mean what children eat this way animals eat this way it is natural instincts you're listening to hunger and fullness and let me tell you something people in this country are getting bigger and bigger and they have not been successful doing it for themselves their wives their children but what I found was that people will do this for God the world's hurting and they need God I mean everybody was instead of worshiping the created worship the create or and guess what these people are happier they're not sad and the fact is is that who said who is sad are the ones out there that are hurting and I feel sorry for it because they think diets is the answer and it's not working they got to stop changing the food and try to change themselves so there's the difference in this program okay and I'm not a critic or a cynic here because I think the proof is in the pudding and if you guys have lost 500 pounds together there something is working for you and the smile on your face tells the story what about exercise in all this you say it's not that important no no I say exercise is a virtue in and of itself but what happens is the whole concept of weigh down is that you are like trying you've got to change your focus when you try to change the food you don't change yourself so change your head and your heart if you go out most of people out there exercising what they're doing is dreaming about food while they're exercising and what I'm saying is stop the Dreaming America stop the focus on the food and guess what you will lose weight at Maggie and any any doubt in your mind that if you come back and visit us in three years you'll still be the skinny selves you are today good a question no my mind I know that I never have to fear of gaining this weight back I just hit a baby and I gained 66 pounds and it's gone and I have no fear of ever attaining that way man do you think could be skinny also definitely because I changed my whole ass but I could changed my lifestyle you know it's not something that's you don't change the food it's not you get to finally enjoy good food whereas every other day LaRon was reduced by this and you know that reduced the flavor too when this is Maggie Andy well congratulations to you the personals I read in the notes that you actually had a weight problem 20 years ago that's hard to believe winners kept it all change focus turned to God it's the answer thanks so much you

- Liposonix featured on 20/20 with Barbara Walters | Ovation Med Spa: Kind: captions Language: en tonight on 2020 the cutting edge dermatologist dr doris day's book called forget the facelift reflects her philosophy i don't believe in aging gracefully i think you have to fight it every step of the way in the next room dr day treats ellen tribby i'm just marking out the parameters using a brand new and more powerful ultrasound tool to melt fat without surgery liposonics is the newest kid on the block for helping to re-sculpt and melt fat like liposuction you mean it's like liposuction but it's a non-surgical approach so what it does is it uses that high density focus ultrasound to actually heat up and melt fat and that's new and that's new if you can pinch an inch then liposonics will work for you hi ellen in the weeks after her treatment ellen will lose an entire dress size the idea that that's reacting so well means you're really going to have a great response and you'll notice over the next few months your stomach will get flatter and smoother and you'll have just more contouring perfect good and her cousin lauren vincelli who had the same treatment a month ago has seen dramatic results i was a six before i had my liposonics and this was a two that's amazing is the bruising all gone the bruising is completely gone

- Roslyn Franken's interview on A-Channel Television - November 2005: Kind: captions Language: en magic caramel it is our Healthy Living show today on a Channel at noon and we're going to start off with something called the weight loss connection and as mentioned in the beginning if you've tried every kind of diet out there you've tried the pills you've tried the gimmicks this is something different this doesn't involve those things you don't have to buy the special food and it's probably going to work much better we've got the weight loss connections Roslyn Franklin here with us to tell us all about it welcome to the show thank you so how is this different than the other diets that we've tried over the years why is this going to work for us well one of the things about diets is that as we think of diets we think of things that are highly restrictive usually they're unbalanced and they're really hard to stick to long term so in order to lose weight and keep it off you have to find a system that's going to work for you that is practical and manageable in your day-to-day life for the rest of your life because if you go on it and then you go off of it well then obviously when you go back to your old eating habits you're going to put the weight back on right and that sounds good how are you going to get me to do that well one of the things is is it's hard to do it alone yeah and most people find that it's hard to stay motivated it's hard to stay focused and what I do through weight loss connection is I offer one-on-one guidance and support okay and also an accountability system my clients are in contact with me every day they call me and I teach them how to look at the foods that they're eating how to recognize the successes that they're having instead of always focusing on the negative right most people when they're trying to lose weight they try so hard to do everything perfectly that the second they do something and say oh I shouldn't have had this I shouldn't have had that and then they beat up on themselves and it creates a negative spiral effect which leads them to eating more right yeah depressed and then yeah well I already messed up today I'll eat and then I'll start again tomorrow and we fall into that rut exactly so really to lose weight and keep it off it's not just about the food that you put in your mouth it's about the the habits it's about the thinking process that you have around food and like you mentioned in the beginning it's how do you reprogram your relationship with food so that you can eat properly eat everything that you want but understand how to eat it in a balanced ways so that you can enjoy your food and lose weight and keep it off so the process then is I come to see you that initial consultation is free yes I offer free consultation yes so then what is the process from there what will you take me through from there in the consultation I really ask a lot of questions to the prospective client and I try to understand where they're coming from what are their specific food and weight issues is it just about the food is it things about their personality type how they cope with stress is the thing other things going on in their life that's influencing their eating habits and I looked through all that and then by the end of the consultation I explain how my process works and based on the answers that they gave me I can see how I could help them individually because it's really different for each person we we all have different absolute ways and that's the thing one thing doesn't work for everyone now what is the 24 7 electronic diary that we do while we're on this program well what I have my clients do is for the accountability Factor rather than just having them write things down I have them call me and they call in it's a check-in system where they report on the goals based on the goals that we have set how are they doing did they have a good day a not so good day what were the successes what were the challenges what did they eat I need to hear what are their choices how are they choosing so I'm forcing them I'm really forcing people to self-reflect and to think ahead of what they're doing and to pay attention not to just something let's say they did something that wasn't a great choice instead of beating up on themselves and going through the guilt and all the negative right things that often go along with dieting exactly this helps them stay positive and if I hear in their messages that they're falling off track and I can hear right away in their tone of voice I'm on the phone with them to intervene right away so they don't have to wait until the next appointment it's a strong support system now you know this because you've tried many different things and you yourself had your own sort of battles we've got a before and after shot of you that we will put up just to show the difference I mean look at you there you go so obviously you've tried different things and you now know what worked for you and what is working for a lot of your clients we also have another shot of one of your clients as well a before and after take a look at that and so you've had a lot of great response and feedback from this from your clients as well I have had a lot of great response and one of the biggest things that people tell me they love about the program is the fact that I really listen to them and I treat them as more than just a number on the scale they've tried other programs they've gone to other places and with me I help them appreciate themselves as opposed to saying you know why do you eat that and berating them so it's much more of an appreciative approach exactly well the phone number you see on the screen also the website has all the information if you want to check out all the details exactly how the program works and the great thing is there's two locations so whether you're east or west in the city there's something that will destroy you that's right and there's also something that we haven't mentioned and I mean obviously you had your own struggles with weight loss you've also had struggles in the past battling cancer you and your mother yes and came through that 10 years cancer free now 10 years cancer free thank you fantastic and so sort of you know going through that and and sort of wanting to give back at the same time through the weight loss program that you're doing you wanted people to make themselves feel better and at the same time help other people feel better and you know get a leg up so you're offering another program called a dollar a pound weight loss it's a dollar a pound healthy weight loss challenge okay so the people that I'm helping with my program I'm offering them this opportunity that if they get sponsors for for every pound that they lose they get a minimum of a dollar a pound for every 200 they raise they get a chance to win an incredible Grand Prize Package that I'm still putting together but have a lot of things like a getaway spa package for two gym memberships things like that anything that has to do with health Wellness fun just positive living that's what it's all about it's positive living and all that money that is raised all of it will go to the Ottawa Regional Cancer Center that's fantastic so I mean everyone wins with that it's incentive it gets you going it allows your family and friends to back you know what you're doing and support you and then help others at the same time it's fantastic the weight loss connection gets certainly add some more information through the website and the phone number two locations as mentioned here in Ottawa thank you very much for coming on the show letting us know all about it thank you

- Bryan Johnson vs 20 Skeptics | Surrounded: Kind: captions Language: en Rich and poor, whatever nation, it is the single thing that humans want. Nobody wants to die right now. >> What have you done to change those brutal conditions in society? You're a person who has literally hundreds of millions of dollars and you spend $2 million every year trying to look younger. And honestly, you look your age. >> Hi, my name is Brian Johnson. I've spent millions of dollars [music] trying to reverse and slow down my biological aging. I've also swapped blood with my son. Today, I'm surrounded by 20 anti-aging [music] skeptics. My first claim, ending death should be humanity's number one objective. >> Hi, I'm Brighton. >> Hi, Brighton. >> Nice to meet you. >> How you doing? >> I'm doing well. First off, I want to say thank you so much for being here. I'm super honored to get the chance to talk to you. Uh, I hope this can be an opportunity where I can learn, where you can learn, and where we can teach the audience something. I'm not trying to prove you wrong, but I also don't want to misconrue your words. So, why do you think ending death should be humanity's top priority? >> Because I think this moment we live in is really special. We are giving birth to super intelligence. We all know that AI is moving very quickly and we don't quite know what exactly it is, but it's big and it's fast. And so the suggestion I have is that in this moment when we're giving birth to super intelligence that we are wise to transition our focus from a world where we value death to one where we say we are the first generation who won't die. That basically we're saying we value existence above all other things. So it's basically a contemplation of if you're human on planet earth in this part of the galaxy what does intelligent life do when you're giving birth to super intelligence? We say existence. That is the number one thing we care about. >> Right. So you have a faith in AI to get us to reach the point where we can avoid death and there is no I would say there's no concrete evidence right now that we have that that we can end death. You're kind of basing that off of the empirical data and the studies regarding AI's progression. Is that correct? >> That's correct. >> Okay. So I've heard you say before that religion is is a thing created to kind of make death okay and make the idea of death not as scary and that humans are very clever. Wouldn't you say that your faith in AI's progression to end death is kind of that same argument, that same faith just to avoid death as a whole? >> Yeah, it's a good point. So, what I say is that uh humans have always died. Up until this point, uh there's an end of life. And when end of life happens, people have been coming up with reasons of why it's a good thing for hundreds of thousands of years. And so, the idea may be you'll be reincarnated. Maybe there's a heaven. may be that you will achieve immortality in what you do and you'll be remembered for for your deeds as a soldier or a entrepreneur or a poet or politician. And so people have always sought a form of immortality indeed or in this life or the afterlife. And so what I'm saying is this is actually the first time in human history where a reasonable person could say we may be the first generation who won't die and not be left out of the room. Now you're right. There is no evidence we can actually do it. But you know some biological species like species of the jellyfish and the hydra have achieved immortality. So we know biology has solved for immortality just not in the human species but it has been solved for. >> Right. So kind of to shift the topic a little bit that is also based off the assumption that death is a bad thing because we don't know if death is a good thing. And I I'm not saying you're necessarily wrong about the creations of religion but we can't kind of make that decision ourselves whether death is a good or bad thing. I would say the creation of religion, if it is based off of a fear, it's less less based off of fear of death and more based off of a fear of the unknown. And I would say that that's kind of two sides of the same coin when we're running away from death and we're trying to do everything we can to avoid death, but that's just because we don't know. What would you say about that? >> Yeah, I'm saying that the reason why I would identify defeating death as humanity's number one objective is because we have embraced it as part of our daily lives. When somebody stays up late and misses their bedtime, when they eat a pint of ice cream before bed, when they get very drunk, when they smoke cigarettes, when they eat uh toxic foods, those things are a form of death. When companies that make addictive algorithms that make addictive foods, when they make those things, they're profiting off of your death. And so, what I'm saying is we have built a world built on the profit of death and on people seeking death. That's the environment in which we're giving birth to super intelligence. That's what I'm identifying is that's the danger. We don't want to bring in our new computer companions, our new AI companions and say we are a species that values death. We want to say we are a species that values existence. >> Right? So I've heard you say before, I think Lester Green said this and you said this, that existence is the highest virtue. And I would argue that a positive existence is the highest virtue. And that would mean that our top priority should then be ending suffering so that we can promote a good and enjoyable life rather than just avoiding death. >> Yeah. The the challenge with saying a positive existence is that your version of positive may be different than someone else's positive. And when two humans agree on their versions of a given idea, they typically kill each other, right? >> Or it results in very serious violence. And so don't die is actually the single thing that every human on the planet can agree to every second of every day. Everyone agrees don't die right now. But I would argue that it's not about not dying because why people have that feeling is because there's an urgency to live tomorrow because we die. I would argue that urgency comes out of the fact that our life ends and that's why we want to continue to live is because we have that end point and that's why tomorrow matters so much and I want to exist tomorrow. If death didn't exist then we may not have that same feeling of I want to exist tomorrow. Many people have looked back through history and you see that there were ideas about reality of things that people wanted to do uh or justified and norms changed. For example, universal human rights uh as an example, right? Or ending of slavery. Those were ideas that people believed fervently in that time and place. Now they're gone. They're no longer part of our zeitgeist. And right now death is seen as inevitable. It's acceptable. It's even desirable for some. That is an idea that is is really going to uh be challenged in this moment. >> Thank you so much. Nice meeting you. >> Thank you. Excuse me. Excuse me. >> Hey, how you doing? >> Good. How are you, bro? >> All right. So, my name is Sean. Uh I'm a philosopher and author. I know you're into the philosophy game. So, you mentioned uh the ending of slavery, the ending of some of these ideas, of some of these constructs. Correct. So, you're speaking about endings, right? And your your entire brand is don't die. So, let's say a season never ended. summer for for example then what happens what would happen conjecturually what would happen to our our planet >> yeah so hi Sean >> hi [laughter] >> so I'm I'm glad uh to speak to a philosopher I'm an aspiring philosopher >> I think you made it bro [laughter] >> yeah this is really you look back through western thought and you say we begin with Plato and Aristotle we go through Christianity medieval times uh renaissance enlightenment modern day scientific era there are these time periods with very big ideas like how we are >> and we are due for a major change in ideology as a species. >> And right now the thing that really runs the world is profit. >> We will do anything to make money. We'll do anything for status and power. >> That has some negative consequences in terms of what we build and how we do it. That in the pursuit of profit, people are willing to kill themselves. They're willing to die for it. They're willing to >> make other people die so that they can die. We just have this culture where we pursue death with this vigor and we justify it. And so as we give birth to artificial intelligence in this moment the argument is we may want to sober up and say is this the right vibe to introduce super intelligence or should we be open to this brand new possibility that actually we may have this possibility of being the first generation who won't die. Now we don't know what happens after. >> Okay. But maybe it's our our move to do that. >> So there's there's two things there, right? So one is that we don't know what happens after, but we have all of this passion to get to this place that we don't know what's going to happen. And that's not completely true. So we do understand that if there are there's if there's a species that doesn't go extinct, that none of them ever die, the planet literally becomes inhabitable. If there's bees that never die, what happens to the ecosystem? If there's a plant species that never dies, what happens to the ecosystem? So, I understand there's this idea of like, oh, we're walking into this kind of glorious unknown where all of the ideas are at our fingertips. We've actually seen some of the evidence and some of the uh the measurements, I guess you can say, as to what happens when a species doesn't continue to perish, to turn over. Part of like the way that the planet works, right, is the turnover. Summer becomes another season, winter becomes another season. Everything's in transformation, I guess. What do you say about that? When you think about the fact that let's say don't die becomes this worldwide thing and no one wants to die, how does that not cause an inhability issue with our planet and our environment? >> Yeah, you make a great point and I think we've kind of been on this trajectory for a while where when we created vaccines, we started figuring out can we actually buttress disease. When we figured out how to fight cancer, can you actually stop these accelerating diseases? So we've started to have the ability to engineer biology and our outside world with increasing precision, right? >> And that opens up all these possibilities to say, well, if we're trying to just cure, you know, solve not dying today, can we solve for not dying tomorrow and the next day? So this is not an argument that we know what's going to happen over the next few hundred years is just to say that right now this is potentially an existential moment for the human race. Okay? >> And we may want to do a vibe check. Are we all so certain about this die thing? we may want to sober up and say actually what we really value is we just want to hang tight and see what happens as we enter this new era of being human >> and hanging tight and and seeing what the new era is going to be is one thing a t-shirt that says don't die and and don't die today is different than immortality >> yes >> I'm sure you you'd agree with that right >> and we all know that you're you have the means to kind of buy into this idea and this concept a little more deeply than probably the average person I've heard you mention the five core power laws and how that's kind of what's accessible to everyone. And what I'm kind of what I'm gathering is that there's going to be super wealthy people that can buy into the degree that you can and everyone else gets a little bit healthier, I guess. What's how would you >> Yeah. What I'm trying to do is um I used to eat fast food, >> right? >> And I did it because it was just a thing we did in our culture and fast food is really bad for you. And then I learned that these companies use the very best science to actually make you addicted. Mhm. >> And so what I'm arguing is it's not for a few rich people. This is society is systematically killing itself. >> Okay. >> And I think that's a bad thing for everybody. >> Society is systematically killing itself and that's a bad thing for everyone. What do you feel about sovereignty and personal choice? >> Appreciate you. Thank you. >> Hi Brian. My name is Chelsea Gods and I sit across from you today. I think I'm going to say the thing that a lot of people in the circle are thinking. It's easy when you're rich to care about not dying. >> Most people spend all day every day also caring about not dying because they're living paycheck to paycheck. >> 60% of Americans live paycheck to paycheck. Being poor is the story of humanity across the whole globe. I think listening to a man who doesn't know what it's like, how he's going to make rent next month, that to some of us, it feels pretty strange to hear you tell us that we're not focused on being alive. I think every person here is struggling to be alive every single day. I think most people in this country are struggling to be alive every single day. And when they smoke a cigarette, it's not about whether they want to die. It's about enjoying that moment. I'm talking to a man who publicly [laughter] has said that you eat pured food every day and you're telling me, a normal human being who is like everyone else, struggling financially and whatnot, how I should be living my life. And I think there's something that's really disconnected about that. I also think that it's really false of you to claim that people are focusing their life on dying when really all of us are focusing on surviving. That's why we're here. Every one of us is here today because we're surviving. We don't go to McDonald's and think, "Oh, this is killing me." We go to McDonald's because we don't have enough time in the day to make dinner. Because we can't afford to go to the grocery store and buy a $20 steak because we can't shop at Airwan and get $40 of strawberries. You know, so I think a lot of us are here wondering what does you, a person who's rich, who doesn't know what struggle is like and who also talks about the fact that you use your own son's blood >> have to add to us as humanity. >> Yeah. Hi, Chelsea. >> Hey. >> Yeah. I I grew up uh with four other siblings, single mom. My mother made my clothes uh because we didn't have enough money for her to buy clothes for me. I went to school and I got made fun of because my clothes didn't fit and they were awkward. Uh, I didn't have money my entire life. Uh, I became an entrepreneur. I struggled for 14 years with no money whatsoever. So, I understand what it feels like to have no money. I even know what it feels like to be poor. So, I've been through that. I also was chronically depressed for 10 years. I wanted to commit suicide desperately. I really would have commit committed suicide had it not been for my three kids. I felt like I had a responsibility to them. So, I understand struggle. I understand pain. I was, you know, 50 pounds overweight. I was in a terrible shape. And so I understand what it's like to be that way. My argument is not to criticize you or anyone else. What I'm arguing is that companies have built their products to make you addicted and to make you ill. That's that's the core thing I'm trying to say is that the most powerful economic engine in all of history, the American uh economic engine has pointed itself at creating addictive foods and phones and social media and porn and junk food. >> Do you not think that you're addicted to trying to stay alive? Do you not think that that's an addiction? Do you think not doing face fat, like fat injections in your face, constantly doing plastic surgery, do you not see that as an addiction yourself? >> Uh, no. I view I view it as a pursuit in we're trying to figure out how >> so if I change the name of my addictions to a pursuit then maybe you'll think that it's socially acceptable. >> Uh I think that we share something in common that neither one of us wants to die in this moment. >> I mean not today but sometime hopefully you know hopefully. >> Yeah. And I think that a lot of people would change their opinion and want to exist if the conditions of society were not so brutal. It's not fair for younger and honestly you look your age. >> Like that's the reality. And I'm not even the first person to say that. So what are you doing to make humanity better really other than pursuing your own vanity? >> Yeah. Well, I share everything I learn from all the scientific evidence with everybody for free. >> But it's scientific evidence from your own body, right? So the study isn't terribly useful to the general population because a black woman isn't going to have the same biometrics as a 48-year-old white man. So, I mean, in some ways, it's kind of a selfish pursuit that you're trying to make it seem like it's altruistic. I feel like that's the disingenuous part of this conversation is that you're coming at it from an argument of altruism, but I see it, and I think a lot of people in this room today see it as selfishness and greed to try and hold on to life as much as you can. So much so, that you bragged about using your teenage son's blood, which I have to tell you, history is not going to be kind about that. Nobody thinks about that woman in the Turkish royalty who bathed in handmaiden's blood and has a positive feeling about that. I don't think anyone is going to read about you in the future and be like, "Oh, wasn't that great? Wasn't that awesome that Brian Johnson used his own teenage son's blood to make himself younger?" No one's going to feel that way. >> So, two things. One is the evidence is based upon population level evidence. It's not on Brian Johnson. It's not 48-year-old males. It's population level evidence where you can make conclusions like 7 to 8 hours a night of sleep is good for. >> And that's something that rich people get to do and poor people don't get to do. Do you think rich people are working overnight shifts? They're not. >> Yeah. You need to give me a little space to respond. >> Sure. Of course. >> Okay. So, the other thing you were saying about my son's blood. So, the reason that came about is my father is now in his early 70s. He has cognitive decline. He called me one day and he said, "Brian, I'm suffering that I can't now complete basic work projects. I'm losing my mind and I'm terrified. I said, "Dad, my team and I are doing research on cognitive decline. There's a new therapy of change exchanging plasma. If it would be helpful to you, I'd be happy to do this." So, I did the plasma exchange for my dad because he's losing his mind. Now, my son said, "Hey, Brian, dad, if you're doing this, I'm happy to do it, too. We'll make it a trigenerational thing." It wasn't me and my son. It was me doing it for my father. The press, of course, makes headlines of that and they make you believe that I'm a nefarious actor. That's not the case. But it's not really just the press doing that because you walked into this room and that was one of the very first things you said about yourself. You wore it like a badge of honor. And I think that you do that because it's controversial. To sit there and say that that label is given to you by the press is a little bit disingenuous because you gave that label to yourself and you did it to be shocking. You did it to make headlines yourself. So to put that onto the press I actually think is really disingenuous. >> Thanks. [music] >> Hi >> Brianna. Hi, Brianna. Nice to meet you. >> Nice to meet you, Brian. So, there's a few things that you've said. I just would like to touch on what the first thing is. Uh, your focus about the industry. Um, focusing on death. I do agree with a previous debater that the focus on living is also taking away from any true living. Um, as a human, I value the experiences I have with my friends, with my partners. Um, even the experiences of lessons learned in life, which sometimes do include fast food, sometimes do include those things that you were doing to your body and damaged yourself. However, looking back, I can't see where it is that you yourself have found this fixation that death is the total destruction. We as humans have always kind of chose destruction. And then we value life through that. And I wonder what your position is when I bring these points to you. >> I think under, you know, when death is inevitable, people yolo their way to death, you know, like I might as well then do the following things, the following debaucherous things because it makes me feel something. >> And that's been something we've done. We've basically made these debaucherous acts of death virtues >> where it's seen as a positive thing in someone's life. And so an accusation I get all the time is like, "Brian, you're not living." And why am I not living? Because I'm not staying up late and I'm not drinking alcohol and I'm not smoking. I'm not eating fast food. And they're like, "You're not living. You're missing out on life." >> Right? >> And I, you know, try to explain that that's really a misconception that we all know once you eat a fast food meal, you feel terrible. >> No one's winning and doing that. And so I'm saying that right now, this is a special moment. If we weren't giving birth to super intelligence, if that wasn't some kind of things happening in the moment, I'd say like, sure, like, do your thing, whatever. This moment is special. And when we're bringing that intelligence into the world, when we value death, we're sending the wrong signals as a species. We treat planet Earth the same way we treat our bodies. >> So we are a species that that has embraced and seeks after death and it ruins our health, our individual health, our societal health. I mean for example, you look at the current number of people on anti-depressants or anti-anxiety meds. You look at people who are lonely, the suicide rates. We are a sick society. And that to me is what people are starting to say. let's celebrate that that's life and I'm saying that is not life like this is not a good situation everyone's in pain and suffering so let's let's address that >> so I absolutely agree with you actually however what I do see again is that through these things of comfort as you've kind of called them right we do that because we're still living in between those times those bursts of moments that we have with people we've chosen to drink yes do I agree that that's good no I'm like don't do it you don't feel good the next day. But the connection is how we joke about that, how we all kind of iron sharpens iron and we learn from that. We pass those lessons on and we continue to grow as a society. One thing that you mentioned was nature. I love that because I really struggled through your uh conversation earlier with a prior debater about life and the philosophical points of it. Um polarity is a science that we adhere to. um there has to be polarity in this process. I think it was uh described more as like a seasonal right however for me it's the polarity without death you don't know life and if we only have life continuing that process such as you mentioned the earth would be interrupted I think that that is something that is not worth the unmeasurable time that we would need to even determine whether that's something that we can do I also feel that it >> thank you My next claim is that we may be the first generation who won't die. >> Wonderful. Wonderful. Wonderful. Nice to finally meet you. >> Likewise. >> So, uh, let's start it off by saying, um, I'm glad that you chose life. You were trying to unal alive yourself before, right? >> That's right. >> What was the purpose of that? What What was going on psychologically that got you to that point? Yeah, I meant I wasn't sleeping. I was overweight. I was stressed out of my mind. I was up all night with my kids. Uh I was leaving my born religion. I was having challenges with my partner. Like life was just falling apart. I had no money. I was in debt. I just it was a really challenging moment and I didn't know where to go to find hope. >> So what hope what what hope did you find? because I heard that you uh actually had a conversation with a interviewer that you stated that a book that you read by Robert what was his last name? >> Oh uh Albert Kamu Albert Kamu. >> Yeah the philosopher. Yeah. >> Right. Right. Right. So what was it in his book that gave you the hope again that faith? >> Uh he basically said that he explored all of existential philosophy and he said there really is no meaning to life that once you realize that it's just play. like you just you're happy that you exist and the fact that we exist, let's just make the most of it, >> And I felt relieved that I didn't need to have an answer or a reason that I I find myself conscious. I don't know why. >> It's kind of a weird experience, but you know, trying to do my very best with what I have. >> Conscious. So with your consciousness, you decided to live. >> Yes. >> Right. So you still found a meaning though, right? >> Yes. That's a good point. And I guess like this is the thing that uh we are a a species that loves meaning and purpose and um at that moment I didn't really have a purpose or meaning and it was trying to find reconciliation that just being alive is okay. >> Do you believe that uh the purpose was already there you just needed to tap in? >> Yeah. I think purpose is probably abundant that we can all find it and it drives us but >> do you believe in choice? >> I do. >> So do you believe people have the choice to not want to live too? Yes. >> And they can choose that. >> So what do you do about those people? >> Give them choice. >> Give them a choice. So if they want to, let's say they were in your position and they wanted to to live more, what do you say about them? I mean to to not live more, what do you say about them? >> That's their choice. >> Do you believe that a person could also perish and a new entity can grow and evolve as well? Is the information that you're getting? So what let's just say we're living and um if we continue to keep living, there's no new information. Do you believe that? Sure. >> Okay. So, with there's the new information, don't you think that something eventually needs to perish so something new can grow? >> Uh, not always. Yeah. I think that Yeah. I think that um we are in this new era where we will be able to extend our lifespans to degrees which would maybe surprise us and that when that happens, we will all just take it day by day and and our norms will evolve and we'll naturally get accustomed to 100 year lifespans, 150, 200. That's a possibility. Not saying it's guaranteed, but >> Well, here's the thing. You're 498. >> Uh 48. >> 48. I'm 41. >> Yeah. >> Right. I don't look it right. >> You look great. Good job. >> So, I Thank you. I smoke. I don't drink no more. I barely sleep. >> Like, what? What? >> Suggestions cuz I'm okay. You all right? >> Yeah. Okay. I'm Matt. Okay. >> Good to see you, man. Hey man, >> how you doing? Aiden, >> good to meet you. >> That was a powerful takeoff. >> I appreciate it. Must be doing something. >> Track or something. No. >> Yeah. Um, not tracking my health unfortunately. But, um, so I would before I get into what I disagree with you about your claim on, I would like for you to elaborate. What do you mean by or actually >> I would hypothesize that the reason you say we may be the first generation does not exist is kind of what you talked about a little previously. Yeah. >> Um, on super intelligence. Is that kind of accurate or do you think that there's another reason that humanity would be able to defeat death in this generation? >> That's right. Yeah, I think artificial intelligence will be the key. Yes. >> Okay. So, two thing three things off the top of my head. The first is I don't actually think that science is progressing at the rate at which you would say that it is. >> Um the second is I don't think that not dying is a good will to live. meaning >> I think that when you start to say my life's purpose is to keep living then you lose your will to live. But I'll go a little bit into the first one first. The first reason that I don't think science is progressing as fast as we say it is and I don't think that super intelligence um will play into a role of this. But if you look at for example health trends like you would be a vegan right? Is that correct? >> Um I don't yeah I don't actually subscribe to that that word. Okay. >> I follow you. Tell me about your diet. What do you eat? >> Uh, a lot of, uh, legumes, extravirgin olive oil, berries, nuts, seeds, >> what do you think about the keto diet, for example? >> Great. Just, you know, anyone can do anything they want. I mean, anyone can do anything they want. >> Just measure your bioarkers and make sure your body's happy. But I don't I don't subscribe to the idea of carnivore versus vegan or keto versus paleo. I think they're they're too abstract. The more re relevant thing is to eat what you want, >> measure your body, and see if your body's happy. So okay then we don't necessarily have to talk about diet but the rate at which science is progressing if you look at and this is the case for not just health this is the case for a lot of different areas of study is that there is so much that we have yet to discover I'll give you an example I would probably say that for most people um and I think that we can probably agree on this like not eating um fruits vegetables legumes for example would probably not be the best like if you were just to eat ground beef all day would that be probably like for the 90% of the population that probably wouldn't be a good health choice right >> you know again I'm impartial so people can do whatever they want >> I'll give you an example >> okay >> if you look at lots of health trends from a couple of years back you know like six seven years ago you had the or even 10 years ago you had like the um the keto diet you had lots of these different diets but also studies are constantly being published so >> and it's very difficult to say how much of science we have yet to explore I did plug this to like JPT the other day and they said like 80 to 90% of science has yet to be discovered. >> So if you're coming from the mind of we will be the first generation not to die but we've only explored 10% of what is actually going to keep you healthy. How do you know that 10 years from now what you're doing for your regimen >> is going to be completely detrimental? >> Yeah. How exciting is that? >> What do you mean? >> It's great. Right. [laughter] It means we have this frontier of new knowledge that we're about to discover. I mean, nothing would make me happier. This is why this moment is so exciting. It's why it's why I think it warrants suspending all of our ideas is we stand on the precipice of this amazing new era where we may discover all these things which are dramatically going to improve our health. >> So take for example the drug ripomiasin. We I believe you were taking ripomosinas. Was that okay? So how long are you taking that for? >> Five years. >> Okay. And why'd you stop taking it? uh the side effect profile and some new evidence that came out. >> Okay. That new evidence having to do with like cholesterol and ulcers etc. Right. >> Uh usually methylation clocks to look at speed of aging. >> Right. Exactly. So how do you know that everything that you're doing right now in your regimen is not going to be completely different from 20 years ago for sorry 20 years from now. >> I don't think that we will be able to say that with certainty. And so maybe you could make the claim that five generations from now we might be able to extend our health maybe to 120 200 years. I don't even think that's possible, but I think that's an entirely different claim. >> I think you're right. I don't think >> Awesome. Thanks. >> Did you just jump? >> I did. I did track. >> Good to see you. >> Pleasure to meet you. And honestly, it's an honor and pleasure to connect with you in person. I first watched your docu couple years ago when it came out. I even took screenshots of everything you were doing and I was like, what is this guy doing? It really opened my mind to what death could be versus just what the Bible says. Um, I want to talk more about the structure of what world we'd have to live in in order for this to be doable. Um, is this something that you're saying everyone should be doing or is this just a choice you have blueprint if you want to live longer, you know, or if you don't, you can just keep doing what you're doing. >> Yeah. I think it's kind of like when the United States of America became a country, we said uh we like the idea of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. It was this new idea of like how does a society build itself? And what I'm saying now is it's kind of like a rebirth for the human race. What does it mean to exist? What do we value? What do we do? >> And I'm saying that this is a moment where we can have a new imagination about our existence we've never had before. >> And that is that we may be the first generation who won't die. And now when that happens, it causes us to reflect on everything we do in our lives now. Okay? >> And so, you know, it's really like a reflective moment. I'm just saying it's really this new opening and it's a new way to think about ourselves. >> Okay? So, I come from the personal training, strength and conditioning world. I tell my clients it's all about health span, longevity. You want to have proper nutrition, proper sleep, you want to uh resistance train as well. >> Those are all great. But if we all to live forever, how does then that look like populationwise? like is everyone just going to the population is just going to increase increase. We can barely even take care of the planet we live in. We're looking at living on Mars. How would we then share how would we what is your perspective in that world and also religion? You know 85% of the world is religious Christianity, Buddhism, Islam. Um and death is such a big cornerstone of that. I know you were Mormon as well and you ran away from that. [laughter] So what are your p what are your thoughts on I guess the structure of that when most of the world is so around death? >> Yeah. I mean um first is I'm not arguing for immortality. >> I'm arguing for don't die. I'm arguing that we say existence is the highest virtue and that we build society according to that. Two is that oftentimes the problems we think are problems are not the problems that actually become the problems. So for example in New York horses were the primary mode of transportation and there was horse manure all over New York. goes in the Hudson River is on the streets. It was such a gigantic problem, people were panicking. They said, "What do we do to solve this problem?" So Henry Ford built a model Model T. Then cars came and horse manure went away because horses went away. So horse manure was not actually a problem because the Model T solved that problem. Now the Model T created other problems. We have roads and pollution. So sometimes the things we think are going to be the biggest challenges turn out to not be the challenge. Now I don't know what's going to happen to the population. Now we have a challenge where we have a population collapse. So we're actually on the opposite side of that. Our fertility markers have dropped by 50% over the past 50 years. So if anything, we have a really serious worry about our population. So it just like this comes and goes. Sometimes we are worried on one side of the other. But this is really a moment where I'm saying that as as much as we can, we want to embrace existence. That's the thing that's most precious for everybody. >> Okay. Another question. Are you happy? I've I've never been happier in my entire life. And that is a genuine answer. And this is what I'm I I really want to like be with you on this. Like I wish somebody would have been in my life to say, >> "Let me give you some basic tips on how to achieve good sleep, how to avoid bad foods, like how to have the willpower to these things." I didn't have that in my life. And that's really the role I'm trying to play in people's lives is like the good friend that is there to encourage them to make good life choices. >> Got it. Thank you. Pleasure to meet you. Good to see you. >> Alec. >> Hi, Alec. >> I'm pretty good. So, I could be getting over my head talking about this, but um I I saw that you you had some data where you were like, I have like the lungs of a 30 something year old or heart of a 20, right? Um can you elaborate first on with that specific thing that I'm talking about? >> Yeah. So the idea is that if you have a 90-year-old person next to a 10-year-old person, you know who's 90 and who's 10. >> Sure. >> Based upon the quality of their skin and you like their general mobility and so there's an idea of biological age and chronological age. And so for example, I'm 48 but my left ear is age 64. >> Why your left ear? Is that just a example or >> Example? Yeah, exactly. So I have mild to moderate hearing loss in my left ear because I listened to loud music as a kid and I also shot guns >> without hearing protection. >> Right. And so that dramatically ages my left ear. So everything I talk about, I'm trying to say like if you do blank, you know, like poor sleep or eat bad food or uh doom scroll right before bed, >> yeah, it could affect certain things. >> Yeah, exactly. It accelerates aging in the body. >> So I can agree with you on every single body part except for the brain. >> I don't think you said we're going to have the uh first person's uh we're the first generation where we're going to live forever or there could be someone here that would live forever. I don't I don't agree with that because I don't think the science is there to either replace a brain, right? Especially because I think I think out of I'm not a religious person. I don't think you are either. >> Uh I I think the brain is what makes us who we are, not our soul. I don't know. I if you needed a brain transplant, you I don't think we can do that. We can't take your brain and put it somewhere. But even if we did, that's a whole Is that actually Brian? Is it not? Um, so how are you going to stop the brain from like deteriorating? Like I don't think you can do that. There is no science that can do that. >> Yeah, your point is valid and that is correct. On current science, we do not know how to do that. Also, throughout history, history is a story of impossible things becoming possible. >> And so, while we can't see a path now, I don't rule it out that we may find a path to be able to uh restore brain capacity or reverse the aging of the brain. Now, we don't know again how to do it, but I think it's worth us saying this is really important. we should try. >> I think there's a difference between saying it's really important and we should try versus oh yeah they're like it's it is you know like I know the claim technically said there maybe. So you're kind of you're kind of leaving yourself a little wiggle room but I would make my claim would be it's not. I know that technology is always advancing but I mean if like if my brain got separated the spinal cord and the brain like you couldn't possibly reconnect that in a way where it would work. Um, so once your brain goes, I think you're done. Um, and I don't I mean, as far as I know, there's no way to stop a brain from aging. >> Yeah. And your voice is good. Criticism is good. And that's how science moves forward. And so there's going to be people who don't believe it and there are people who try to do it. And there's going to be the continuence. So what I'm saying is whether we believe it or not, >> science is going to move forward. And it may actually do it. >> May actually do it. [sighs] >> I mean, I I guess I can't really say anything else, but I mean like, yeah, whatever. All right. Well, yeah. Thanks. >> All right. So, the claim is we might be the first generation to not die. >> I would assert that we are already late to the party. So, you did a lot of time in the church. It's not unlike every other church. I believe that all religions have something in common and where they meet in the middle is where we should be meeting in the middle. Now, one thing that all religions have are legit texts pre flood, pre great flood >> of humans living forever or at least thousands of years. For instance, the the Samrian kings list. >> They have guys ruling for over 40,000 years. >> So, how do we explain that? >> Right. I I don't have the answer. And like the last guy said, >> science isn't there. >> Right. This is your pursuit. >> Is would you say immortality or living longer? Like how would you like specifically define your pursuit? >> I'm saying something really simple, >> right? I'm saying that under any normal circumstance on planet Earth, you yolo your way to whatever game you're playing, >> right? Whether you're building a business, whether you're a politician, whether you're a parent, like whatever you do, I'm saying right now is different in all times of history. >> We are giving birth to super intelligence, a form of intelligence that exceeds our capacity to understand. >> When that happens, all things change and that includes our possibilities. M >> that includes the possibility that we may not be we may not die. And so I'm saying this is the moment where we check ourselves to say this moment may be different. >> So may not die physically in the body. Is that what you're saying? >> But you're saying that we would be potentially the first generation to do >> But I'm saying every culture has already proven you wrong. >> Yeah. Except for they're not here, >> They're not here. >> They're not here. And I would assert that the reason why they're not here is that death is actually earned through a life well-lived. >> Uhhuh. >> That I think that I believe that death is actually a promotion in life. >> And that this life here to assert that we should um attempt to stay here indefinitely is to kind of stay in the spiritual sandbox and not choose to go to the next grade. And that's great. All I'm suggesting is you procrastinate. >> Explain that. >> Procrastinate death, right? Like what's the rush, >> right? I get it. Well, nobody wants to >> Exactly. >> And I would I would assert that since we don't don't die in this moment, we haven't earned our death and that we all have a purpose here. >> And I believe that yours is is honest and I like what you're doing and I respect it. And if you weren't doing it, we all wouldn't be here today. So, I do appreciate that with the rhetoric of the claim, there's already been generations that have lived forever. And you know why they're not here? I think they decided it was a bad idea to live forever. >> It was a bad idea. We have overpopulation. >> How do you deal with that? >> There's not enough resources. Things are finite. And these meat bags that we're walking around in >> They rot, you know. Yeah. >> But you know what doesn't rot? Yeah, >> the pilot. >> Yeah, >> we don't rot. Immortality comes through the echo of a life well-lived. >> And I commend you for years. >> And you as well, friend. Wishing you the best on that. >> Absolutely. >> My next claim is that no one should ever eat fast food. >> Hi, Brian. It's me, Chelsea Gods again. Obviously, I didn't know this about us. It turns out we actually have something more in common than I thought, which is that we're both billionaires. Just kidding. I'm not. Uh, it's that we're both ex Mormons. So, I do think that's really funny because I recognize a lot of ex Mormon tendencies in you because moderation is a huge part of that religion. So, it's funny that I feel like you haven't >> that you took one thing and you changed it into, you know, being obsessed with your health. The claim that nobody should ever eat fast food is an easy claim to make when groceries are affordable to you. The claim that you can never eat fast food is an easy claim to make when you're not working double shifts, when you're not working overnight. The reality is the reason why people eat fast food is not just because they like it. It's because their lifestyle doesn't lend to the ability to spend time either purchasing expensive healthy food or preparing the food themselves because time is such a constraint in modern society. I think that a lot of the things that you claim, as much as you try and sound egalitarian, generally are for the wealthy. I think not eating fast food is a habit that wealthy people have. We're here in LA. No one who lives in Beverly Hills is eating fast food, but all the normal people who are showing up to construction sites every day, they are because that's what real life looks like. And I think that there's something very classist about a rich person telling a bunch of regular people,"Well, you guys, you shouldn't have fast food." Well, that's easy for you to say when you always can have food on your table. That's an easy claim when you always have food on your table. So, what do you say about that? That I'm I'm saying that this is a classist claim. So, I'm saying that um fast food companies have used the best science to create the perfectly addictive food with the right amount of fats, proteins, and sugars. It hits a peak dopamine moment in the brain. So, they are addicting people to their food. It is a methodical process and when people eat that, they get themselves in a vicious cycle. >> So, you think people are addicted to Subway? >> Yeah. So just give me a give me a beat to explain this concept. Um and so what happens is people get in this vicious cycle of addiction and I think that's bad. And so as a as a starting principle this is let's just put aside for a moment uh a person's circumstances. >> It is >> that's easy for you to say >> it it is not good for society to poison its people. It's not good to consume poison. Now if we establish that as a baseline the next step becomes then how do we feed ourselves? What are our norms? I agree with you that is a very challenging problem. Again I have been in this situation. I have been poor a substantial portion of my life without the ability. So this is my my I just made money very recently in my life. I was poor for most my life. So the thing you're saying I get it. I've been there. I've done it. >> So what's your solution then? Yeah, you it you can actually buy food. You can actually prepare food. You can take food with you. It is not. >> So you are suggesting that people who have a very limited constraint on time can do the things that you can do. And again, I profer that that is just simply not the case. >> It's not the thing. So I'm not suggesting people can do what I do. What I'm saying is as a society, we should stop demanding poison and we should punish the companies who are who are giving us poison. It it makes everyone worse. >> Okay, I'm going to be real here. I actually love fast food. In fact, I eat it probably at least once every two weeks. I spent a significant portion of my adult life as a vegetarian. So, a lot of my time from the ages of 20 to age 37 were spent limiting what kind of food I put into my body. And I can tell you that as a person who no longer is a vegetarian and no longer limits my diet, I'm happier when I'm not constantly thinking about food all the time, I am more satisfied in my existence. I think encouraging people to spend a significant portion of their time being stressed about their diet is actually counterintuitive to what you claim to be a proponent for, which is life. Because I think constantly being worried about every single thing that we put in our bodies can actually have really negative impacts on our psyche and our well-being. And as a person who again spent 17 years reading the ingredients of everything, pouring over what was in a package that I was eating, I can tell you that the freedom that I feel not having to think about that is actually wonderful. And do I like fast food? Hell yeah, I do. Do I eat it all the time? No. I think that moderation is an important part of life. So, not only do I think that there's like a classist part of this, I also think there's a enjoyment part of this. And in some ways, I I know that you've been told by other people that you don't live your life, and I kind of agree. I think you spend most your life being worried about a lot of things. I think you wake up in the morning being worried about being old. You wake up in the morning being worried about what you put in your body. You puree food in a you puree your food and eat it like a baby. And people don't want to do that. You know what I do want to do, though? Sometimes eat a freaking chicken sandwich from the chick from the drive-thru. I just thinking about your food all the time is negative. Do you think it's negative? So, first I hope it feels good to vent. >> I don't think I'm venting. I think that I'm like being direct. >> I I think uh I mean you are being direct. Uh I understand your anger. Uh I >> I don't think I'm being angry. I think that that's like you saying that because I'm a direct and loud woman. I think that's actually a really rude generalization. >> Okay. Um what I'm saying is I have been in those circumstances and I don't buy the hypothesis that eating poison makes you happy. I don't think it makes the body happy. I think if you were to actually measure the body, I think the body would complain that it doesn't like getting those kinds of foods in its body. I think this is >> Hi, Brian. >> Hi. How are you? >> Good. How are you? I'm Titania. >> Hi Tiana. >> So, I wanted to know um what your like solution is because I feel like it's been being beat around the bush. Like in an ideal world, we all have access to healthy maybe even organic food, but just the basic food that it's nutritious to our bodies and isn't, you know, all over that's like poisoning us. But like what is the solution for the everyday people working, you know, just regular jobs cuz we don't have livable wages really anywhere in the United States. So I would just like to act an actual answer to like what would the solution be? Is it to not eat or is it too like poison ourselves? that's the term you've used and eating food that's accessible to us based on our budget and means like what would your solution be to that? >> I love this question. Uh so what I think we should do is we should stop asking companies to make poison that we consume. So let's just stop eating the food. If we stop eating it they will want to make money by making food that's better. So I'm saying that I understand the limitations we have as you know individually in our lives but we the way we fix it is not by eating more poison. The way we fix it is we stop it and we say companies I'm not going to buy your poison. You need to make something that's better for me. So it's really a societal shift because you can't just I can't you can't just say hey person with two jobs and no money like that's a very challenging situation. We have to change societal norms. So it really is from the ground up we have to say we don't want to eat poison. We don't want to feed our kids poison. We don't want to feed our adult our parents poison. Like it sucks to be diseased and to feel bad. Let's stop it. So I'm really I'm trying to argue that we want to change this on a societal level. >> Okay. So in the interim what do we do? Because I hear I agree with you but the reality is we are not going to all boycott McDonald's like today. >> What if we did? >> Okay. But we're not. >> Yeah. But but I'm saying what it's a it's a domino effect like you and your friends and and your you have children or your parents >> but they're not because what are we going to eat instead like Burger King? >> No. So I think again this is not an easy solution and life is not easy. This is not a situation where like all the answers are right there in front of us. Yeah. >> But I definitely know I've been through this myself, right? Like I've been the same circumstance. >> You can try your very best to eat as well as you can, right? And sometimes it's not perfect and sometimes you have to make compromises. But I'm saying that if we want these things to change, we all need to take a stand together. We need to stop asking for this to be made. >> I feel like that's a big like solution and I'm asking for like an interim solution to like something people maybe can take away that are watching this and are you saying you don't have that solution? >> No, I'm saying that. Yeah. So I would say try to create a weekly schedule. So if you can budget for example an hour of your entire week, it could be on a Saturday or Sunday and try to do meal prep for that week. Try to buy some basic foods and you can even do something lower cost like something like potatoes or something that is actually in a budget you can afford and try to be on some kind of of reasonable diet and not consume fast food. But I think that it actually can be done. You can take reasonable steps to try to not participate in fast food. And is this all during our eight hours of sleep we have to make time for too? >> It could it could be seven as well >> while we're working, you know, to make money for like rent and not being paid livable wages. I'm just trying to get there with you and I'm not there. >> I'm with you. So you I think you can have some basic things. For example, if you just if we could say it's not a good idea to scroll before bed. It's not a good idea to eat right before bed. What about people that are influencers that like, you know, they might have like work in another time zone and they have to scroll right before bed because they got to get their trying to get their eight hours you're talking about or maybe just four or five for the normal person, at least people I know. Like, are you saying that they should just not that like impacts their work? >> Yeah. I'm saying there are things within everyone's control to make small steps on a daily basis to to say no to the things that make them a lesser person. You don't no one's going to force a lesser person. >> No one's going to eat >> Can you elaborate on that? >> Yeah. So, when you consume a diet of sugar, uh even you eat a fast food diet, you're less able cognitively. You have lower reaction times. You have lower willpower. It makes you a person that's not as robust in the world. So it's actually a form of self harm and I don't want that to happen. >> Self harm. Okay. >> Yep. And so there are definitely people have the ability to make these decisions in their life like small things. This is I'm not trying I'm not blaming the person. I'm blaming systems. I'm saying the systems we have in society suck. They are killing people and >> and they're man-made. >> And the way we have to change that is we have to stop participating in those systems. This is not me blaming people. >> I I'm not pointing the finger. I'm saying that we are stuck in a system, but we actually are endorsing the system by participating in it. >> Okay. So, thank you, Brian. >> Thank you. >> Brian. >> Hey, how are you? >> Good. How are you? >> So, uh I'm a professional fitness trainer and nutritionist. Uh originally I'm from Ukraine. So in my country food is much better than in US >> but the lifespan is less than know 8 years less. >> So don't you think that uh healthc care is the more important than uh the fast food and the any other thing that connecting with that? Yeah, I mean I think we we all value healthcare when something bad happens to us and we need help. I think we all value it in that regard. Uh when we're trying to solve something like disease, some of that can be prevented by having good healthy choices, healthy life choices. And so in the US for example, our system is primarily sick care, right? You go there and you report your symptoms, you have some kind of diagnosis and you're treated with drugs or something else. Rarely do doctors talk about sleep or exercise or diet, right? It's typically a drug-based solution. And so our in the US, our system is really not set up to encourage active healthy lifestyles. I think that's where it falls down is it's good to help you not die right now, but it's really bad to help you live for a long time. So uh I do believe you watched this movie live to 100 secrets of the blue zone and one important thing that connected all these people from a different part of the world it's uh social connection. So don't you think it's eating the burger with the friends at 2 a.m. >> is way better than sitting in the couch alone and eating the salad. >> Yeah. At what time is the salad? [laughter] It doesn't matter. Yeah. Kind of healthy salad. >> Yeah. Yeah. Social connection is it's like a one of the superpowers of a wonderful life. I agree with that. Yeah. And so this is this goes back to this idea that um I don't think there's any law of physics that says you can only connect with your friends at 2 am when you're both intoxicated. You know, like you can definitely connect in the morning, you can connect in the evenings. And so again, these are really products of our cultural norms today. They don't have to be true. Like we can change our schedule. For example, we do morning dance parties with friends. They're just as fun as 10 p.m. dance parties. So you can actually change norms and think about these differently. It's just that we I think we feel stuck in the way things are with expectations from our friends and then we if some like when I don't participate in those things, right, the accusation is I don't live life. Uh so it's I think we can live lives that are healthy and still like have reasonable health habits. >> So I think fast food isn't a problem. Relationship with the food is. >> So uh we have a bunch of research and experiments when the people eat fast food and they stay in a calorie deficit and they decrease the body fat percentage >> and the cholesterol level. Does it mean it's a fast food isn't bad? >> Mhm. >> What do you think? >> Yeah, I think if you look at the ingredients of fast food, there's a lot of evidence to suggest it really could be very harmful. In fact, it could potentially contribute to some of the worst human diseases. And so, it is I don't think it's a good idea under any circumstance to eat fast food. And I think it's something we should collectively agree as a society we don't want anymore. Yeah, >> thanks. >> Jordan, nice to meet you, >> Jordan. >> So, my my viewpoint on all this I've been hearing is it sounds like a a a western problem. >> Um, I don't think these problems happen in the east because in America and western countries were built on capitalism and the whole idea of capitalism is to extract and pretty much you got to put down. So for me to make money, I got to pick on the weak. So I don't think it's a individual problem. And I think that's what you're making it. It it it sounds like how the companies say recycling, you got to put that's not our problem. That's the company's problem. And I think when you make it an individual problem, it makes it seem like you don't care about the humans. You know what I mean? So how do you go attack the legislators? How do you go against the companies? How? because that's what we have to change if you want to see our relationship with food change. >> Um, one thing I had CO a couple years ago and I lost my taste. >> That's when I realized that as Americans, we have a horrible relationship with food. It's all glutton. >> Um, so that is an American thing. >> They may not be doing that in East Africa. Yeah. >> You know, um, so that's where I'm coming from. >> Yeah. I love your perspective and I completely agree with you and I want to be very clear. I'm not pointing the finger at you. >> I promise. >> Yeah. And I don't think you are, you know, but I'm just saying with the rhetoric, it's not you're not saying we have to fix the companies, right? Because everything you've been saying is, okay, you have to change your diet. Now, I agree, you know, fast food, it but there's moderation, right? Cuz if I eat fresh steak every day, that's not good. If I eat nothing but berries every day, that's not good. If I eat nothing but water every day, that's not good. >> So, you have to have balance and moderation. >> Yeah. So, yeah. I guess what I'm what I'm trying to highlight is like you said, >> profit is the most important part of American society, right? It is the thing we value above all other things. And so, when you go to Congress and you say, "Hey, a company shouldn't pursue profit." They're like, "Get out of here." Like, that's not going to happen. You go ahead. >> But you have money. >> Yeah. So you can speak to them louder than I can speak to them. >> And I have had these conversations. >> They just won't like it. It it is you you So this happened in a prohibition, right? Like there was actually there were people so in America there was a time where alcohol was prohibited. Correct. >> Right. But rarely do you ever get uh society to act that way. And so I agree with you and so I am working on both sides of this. >> So I'm saying that in this room. So what I what I really struggle with is I think these companies addict all of us >> to their things. They they are predators and we are prey. >> Scrolling, porn, fast food, junk food, uh nicotine, these are we we are an addicted society >> and it's awful. >> And what I'm saying is this is a really big problem and it's a collective problem. We all own this problem. So, everybody should do what we can to try to fight this problem. The thing that makes me upset is I felt powerless to change my own eating habits every single night. I would binge eat. I couldn't stop myself from doing that. I had didn't I didn't have the capacity to do >> I didn't have anybody in my life to say, "Hey, Brian, can I help you with this basic thing?" Nobody. So, that's the role I'm trying to play is I'm trying to say you can reclaim control of your life. You can have willpower. I didn't have it. I was stuck. Mhm. >> And so I'm just trying to make like this the most with with the power I do have in the world, I'm trying to say like how can we try to clean up this mess because clearly a really bad situation. People are hurting. It sucks. Like this is not a good situation. So So I'm very open like better ideas on how to solve it. I'm trying my best with the powers I can I do have to say like how can we make progress along this. >> So yeah. No, I I definitely agree. But I don't think any 20 of us have the power, the resources, the the the finances to actually change. But you do. >> You know what? Every single revolution in history has started with a small group. Every single one. It never underestimate what a small group of people can can transform. >> I I definitely agree. Yeah. >> My next claim is sleep should be everyone's number one life priority. Hi Ryan. Hi. Nice to meet you. Nice to see you. I'm Jolie. >> Hi Jolie. >> You said sleep should be the number one priority in people's lives. I get why you would say that like it's very important, right? But then I still think that is based on you should be on living like the longest because of course sleep you know it affects your cognition and your ability to do things and all everything basically. Right. >> That's right. But I would say still it's still the basis of wanting to live longer. And I would say to that I would think what do you think the meaning of life is? And if you're kind of constantly using your life on Earth in this pursuit of continuously being on Earth, it's like why? Like what's the point? I would say especially because everything on Earth is very cyclical. So obviously it's kind of designed in that way. Nothing does really truly last forever like that. And I would say it would be important to try to think about why that is and why it's kind of unnatural going against the natural way of life >> doing that especially um not to mention there are a lot of other things like hereditary things and genes that we it's out of our control. >> So I would kind of say what do you think about that? >> Yeah I think that lack of sleep is like the the first domino that falls over >> in wrecking life. So when you don't get good sleep, your willpower declines by a large margin. So the next morning when you wake up and you look at a croissant and you say, "Should I or shouldn't I?" you're more likely to say yes to it. Or if there's a cookie at lunch or whatever your vice is. And so once you do that, of course, that then leads to more cravings for more things like that. And if you do if you eat those things late at night, uh eating very heavily before bed uh will increase your heart rate and lessen your sleep quality again. And it creates this really vicious cycle of bad habits that ruins sleep and ru and bad sleep then lower lowers willpower. I was on that cycle. I was in a really bad state in that continuous world. And it really hurt a lot. Like I gained a lot of weight. I had no willpower. I had no ability to control my abilities my h my eating habits. And so I say this because uh we all want basic self-respect. We want to do the things we want to do and we don't want to do things we don't want to do. And when you don't get good sleep, you rob yourself of that power. And so what I'm what I'm arguing for is that everybody wants to feel empowered to become the person they want to be and sleep is the first pillar of that. >> I understand what you're saying and I agree with that. I just feel like I mean I guess it's still like the whole basis of the claim of um being the number one priority especially you know like that's idealistic thinking. A lot of people don't necessarily have the circumstances to do that. So, it's kind of like I feel like those would be people that are privileged enough to do that. Um, yeah. >> Awesome. >> Hey. How are you? >> Well, I'm a personal trainer and nutritionist, so I actually agree that sleep is so fundamental to having a good day, having good energy, building muscle. It's very, very important. But you're somebody who had a lot of success early in his life because of the sleepless nights that you spent building your company, of the sleepless nights you spent working hard, grinding, and building up. And this is kind of like the foundation of America. It's the foundation of like success comes from sacrifice. And there are sacrifices that have to be made and like sleep is one of them. Like I wouldn't be able to make it through college if I didn't work at a bar. Like I had to be up till 4 in the morning to pay the bills, do whatever you have to do. Um, and sometimes that sacrifice is just necessary and that's something that needs to be recognized that it can't be your number one priority. Like you have to think farther into the future. Sometimes you sacrifice sleep. Sometimes you sacrifice dieting. But in general, it should be a priority. >> Yeah, I I really empa empathize with that position. And you're right. I did skip a lot of sleep in building my company. And you know what I really wish is that somebody would have been in my life and said, "Hey, Brian, let me help you out with a few basic pointers because when I went sleep deprived for several years, I became chronically depressed uh so bad. I really did want to kill myself and I was very seriously going to consider killing myself. And I didn't because of my kids. Uh but there was no one in my life that stepped in and said, "Hey, you might want to incorporate these basic habits." Now, I was working, you know, 14-hour days. I had three little babies at home, right? I I mean, I have like an a gigantic schedule and all the stress that comes along with building the company and I had no money. I was uh, you know, had a lot of debt and so I totally understand where people are coming from like it's life squeezes you so you have no time to do anything. >> So, and I paid my way through college as well. I had no help in doing that. >> And so, I get it. And so, what I am trying to say is that we have built a culture that glorifies sleep deprivation. >> It's a badge of honor. If someone gets three or four hours of sleep, you not only does that happen, you be like, I only got three or four hours and I feel better. They want to flex. >> And I think that's the thing that's damaging. Then other people try to replicate that, but it leads to a lot of mental disorders. And so I'm arguing that as a society, one of the reasons why we're sick and hurting so badly is because we've glorified not getting good sleep. And we all know like the human body needs seven to eight hours a night is really kind of an insane moment for us as a species. I'm trying to correct for that. that can we all just get our head straight that a every human no matter the circumstances deserves 78 hours of sleep per night. >> Yeah, I agree that uh humans do deserve that much sleep but I feel like the problem comes from the fact that like look at what you were able to achieve in that time when you were sacrificing your sleep. Like you wouldn't be here today. You wouldn't be able to have don't die. You would have never came to the realization that you needed to emphasize your health and you would have never had like the foundation in your life to be able to have this platform to say these things if you didn't sacrifice your sleep early on. All the sac sacrifice is like a fundamental part of living, especially in America. And it's not fair. But you know what? Life's not really fair at all. There's people who need to do the jobs that go late into the night. There are people that need to go and do the things that you don't like to do. And there are people that need to like risk death on a regular. You know, these are things that happen and it's not fair. But society can't function if everyone's always so emphasized on comfort and if everyone's always emphasizing just like your immediate health because look, you're reversing everything you did earlier in life and you think you're going to live forever, then the sleep you lost isn't that big of a deal. >> Yeah, I I agree with you and I appreciate people who work night shifts. You know, people who are at the ER, if there's a problem, there's someone there to receive you. I'm I'm very grateful there are people who do that. Uh I think it's also the case that I would have been potentially more successful that the reason why I was you know I I I couldn't carry on anymore because I didn't have these basic life uh habits. And so I totally agree with you. You're making great points. It is a it's complicated. It's not easy for everybody. But as a principle, I think what would be a win for everybody is if we just acknowledge the value of sleep for everybody. >> Thanks. Thank you. >> How's it going, Brian? >> How you doing? Good to see you. >> Nice to meet you. My name is Marte. I'm an IFBB professional bodybuilder. I'm a pro in two worldclass sports. Pleased to meet you. My question about the sleep conundrum that we have here today is we have a biological imperative, do we not? Right. We have mothers and fathers and right now we have a population decline that's happening. Pretty sure you already know this, which this offsets that. If you want people to last longer and live longer, we want people to actually proliferate and have more progeny, right? M >> well this presents another example because of time we're limited on time and we would say that time is money well during the formative years when kids are being raised guess what's happening the mother's not getting sleep she's waking up the father actually has to go outside of the work she has paternity leave all this stuff happens so that's the problem now you're stuck at a crux to where we have to figure out how to reconcile this time issue that can never be reconciled if we want more kids and we want a bigger population bloom we need more women to have kids in this nation to produce which means that people are going to be lacking sleep in the in the other interim at the end of this. >> Yeah, I agree with you. Yeah, I think we should have more babies. I think it's a good idea. And you know, I have three babies. And so what I'd argue is that you can have babies, you can have a family life, and you can also prioritize sleep. So, for example, if I do this again, I would sit my kids down even at the earliest ages and say, "We are a family that prioritizes sleep." So that means every day we have our final meal at this time. Everybody turns their screens off at this time. Uh we have a windown routine before bed where we maybe read a book, maybe we do a bre a breathing exercise, but we calm ourselves down, we go to bed, nobody gets out of their bed unless it's an absolute emergency. And then because you can't wake somebody up in the morning, everybody gives everybody either a one to five star review on the star chart. That includes if you walk out, you find your parent watching TV and they're breaking the rules, they get a one-star review. Now, that is a family culture of sleep where it says we're not going to be on screens all night long. When you wake up, you're not going to be on the screen. you're not going to have a pint of ice cream right before bed. Like these really basic things. So, I'm just arguing that there is a family culture and there is a society culture that says sleep is a good idea. We feel good when we sleep. Now, yes, like when you have babies and they're waking up all night, you're not going to get sleep. I had that for years. I woke up every night, all night with kids who are crying. My first two kids were collicky. I couldn't get sleep for 6 months. I hear you. I've been through the pain. I know it. I still love my children. I'm glad I had my children. But you know there are things we can do to prioritize sleep. That's what I'm arguing is if within our power to do those things. >> So I think what you're doing is you're mitigating a process that's going to be inevitable right now. Thus not really providing a solution. All you're doing is staving off things. Now we're talking about quality of life. Right? So when we have a biological imperative right now we also have insert the chat the high inclining divorce rate that we have right now. Women are initiating at a 79% rate. So that means that women are raising kids by themselves. Whether or not we could say they're running men off or doing anything else or the men are leaving abandoning their kids, they're doing this by themselves, thus decreasing the chances for sleep even more, eroding this process of having nuclear families to even have more time to sleep. And also, men are being subjected to child support, having to work more hours. There's almost no way that we can get around this conundrum of the time thing. So, what's going to happen? There's no way we can obliterate the sleep problem happening with America unless we change our culture. >> Yeah, I agree with you. And like I think one of the bigger problems is I think one of the reasons why relationships decay is poor health hygiene. If neither person's sleeping well, you're much more prone to be angry and to fight. Like your your reaction time to be triggered and to have an emotional response is very strong is very high. So that's why poor sleep it contributes to bad behavior which erodess relationships. So this is kind of like the foundation of how do you keep a relationship together? How do you keep a family together? How do you keep people in a good state of mind? It all begins with sleep. >> Well, that that puts you stuck in a rock be in a hard place because until we reconcile this traditional family being eroded, we will always have to reconcile how to get sleep. So, they'll always be at odds with each other unless we change society first. What came first, the church, the chicken or the egg. Right now, we have family culture that needs to change before we dig into people's pocketbooks and subscribe to your $2 million a year budget to have this happen, which is, I mean, unrealistic and unsustainable for the majority of Americans that we see. >> Yes, I'm with you. And that's why the things I share with people are free. So I tell people I learn what I can from the scientific evidence of population level de data. Share those experiences with people that are free and try to say hey look we are a society that doesn't have us priorities straight. We can correct these really small things and all feel much better. Repair our relationships. >> Unfortunately time isn't free. >> Yeah. Go ahead. Yep. >> Yeah. Thanks. I appreciate >> that was quick. >> Gotcha. >> How you doing? I'm good. How you doing? >> So, uh, the claim is that sleep should be everyone's number one priority. Where does that factor in foundationally with water? >> Cuz you can live a long time with no sleep, but I don't think you can live a week without water. >> So, wouldn't we want to prioritize >> water? >> Water. >> Yeah. I can see the point. >> You're right. >> Totally. >> Yeah. Yeah. I got nothing. [laughter] >> All right. So, I think saying that sleep should be everyone's top priority is generally uh a thing that we can mostly agree on in the fact that sleep provides a lot of benefits. I think the main push back on that claim is that it's hard to prioritize sleep when you need to prioritize survival. And this is kind of going off of a lot of the arguments that other people were giving is that say you had somebody that had to work overtime on two jobs. They had people to take care of, they had a family to take care of, and they had to buy groceries and all of that, and they just couldn't. They didn't have enough time to get 8 hours and 34 minutes of sleep. What are they supposed to do? What are they supposed to prioritize? >> Yeah. So, I agree with you and I fully acknowledge that people's life circumstances prevent them from having a straight eight hour time period sometimes, right? >> And so, what I'm arguing is that the things that wreck sleep are the things that are so common in our culture, we don't see. For example, like scrolling on your phone right before bed >> that degrade your sleep quality. Eating food right before bed degrades your your your sleep quality. Eating bad foods before bed degrades your sleep quality. a lot of light. Uh so our habits in society are things that actually wreck sleep. So even if you have six hours of of time to get sleep, which is all you can do, it's worse because those preceding habits. And this pairs with why death should you know defeating death should be our number one priority. Because when you think about the world in that way, you basically are acknowledging that good healthy habits are good ideas for every outcome. that you feel better, like you you want to work harder, that you have more you have more willpower, that I'm arguing that these things are just are intuitive, they're obvious, and we all want them. But society puts so much pressure on us to do these things and and get us to be addicted to these things, it's very hard for us to have the self-control to not do them. So, I'm arguing that society is structured in a way to kill us. That is a bad thing. And the people who suffer the most are those without resources. And I'm arguing that that they are in a bad spot. This is not a good situation. So I'm really trying to be the big the best advocate that this is not a good situation. We should stop doing this. >> How are you advocating that though? What solutions are you bringing to the table to help solve these societal issues? I think it's great that you're like using yourself as a prime example of what the healthiest human can be. But how are we supposed to achieve that point if we don't have the same privileges that you do in getting there? I think it's super great that you're able to have those privileges and like kind of have everyone learn from your experiences, but how do you propose a solution to where people are able to achieve that eight hours of sleep every night? >> Yep. It's when health becomes high status. So, I learned this a couple years ago. I was teaching my son how to swim. I learned there were three ways to do it. One is I could push him in the pool. Two, I could jump in the pool and say, "Jump to me." Or three, I could bring his friend over who knows how to swim. And guess which one works? >> The friend who knows. >> The friend, right? people do what their friends do. Now, if their friends are out partying and drinking all night and they're eating junk food because, you know, at midnight, that's what you're going to do because your friends are doing it. What I'm trying to change is the culture around our die culture. That's what's so damaging to everybody. So, when your friend starts going to bed at the appropriate time, when they say like, look, it's a bad idea to scroll on your phone to dream scroll before bed, that also ruins your sleep. That's a really positive thing because then all friend groups start doing it and then it becomes okay and even high status. So, I'm trying to change the culture of the world to say it's not cool to die. What's cool is to live and like to feel our best, >> right? I would say a lot of the examples you're bringing up, those scrolling your phone and like eating bad food, those are all like generally negative things. I think a lot of people though sometimes are sacrificing their sleep to do fun things and things that they enjoy. Where do you draw the line in say someone is prioritizing living an enjoyable life over prioritizing just living as long as possible? What are if they sacrifice a few hours of sleep, they only get like six, seven hours of sleep instead of like the full eight hours and 34 minutes that you're able to get. >> Yeah. Yeah. So, the challenge with that is that for example, if your bedtime is at 10 p.m. and you go to bed at 1:00 a.m. and you think you can just sleep till 9:00 a.m. to make it up, you can't. So, every night you miss your bedtime, the trash collector who comes to your body and picks up all the trash, they don't come. So, your body accumulates trash. And so, you miss this really important part of your cleaning process of your body. So, it's definitely true that humans can have fun during any time of the day. It doesn't need to be from midnight to 2 am. You could have fun between 6:00 and 8:00 p.m. It's just a culture. We've just chosen to have these schedules, but there's no law of physics that says humans can only have fun between 11 p.m. and 2 a.m. Like we could >> No, but like given the opportunity, if they want to prioritize an enjoyable life over living as long as possible, then isn't that something that would be worthwhile in sacrificing a few hours of sleep? Say it's just one night. Thank you so much again. >> My name is Dr. Sabat Rabian. I'm a behavior analyst and a psychologist. Um I watch your documentary. U you're pretty impressive person. Uh some of your statements are pretty significant from a psychological perspective, from a behavior analyst perspective. Um the one about the sleep. Um I used to love sleeping before I have children. I would have slept about 9 to 10 hours per day and it really helped me. But after my both boys were born and they were diagnosed with profound autism, um I am no longer able to sleep. For example, I flew from Bay Area this morning to Meu and I got couple of hours of sleep last night because my 17-year-old son with uh profound autism didn't sleep at all last night. Um so some of these claims they do not apply to the public to general. Um me being one of them as a mother of a child with special needs and we do know that 50 to 80% of children with autism or other mental disabilities they don't sleep well at all and they have a lot of sleeping issues. Uh so if I want to advocate for that population a lot of these parents are significantly sleepd deprived. uh so as some of the other people prior to me stated about the fact that 50 70% of American population live p pay paycheck to paycheck um these people do not have the luxury they would love to sleep in but they do not have the luxury to sleep in and um they have to work double shifts u triple shifts night shifts doctors nurses they don't have that luxury looking at these claims although they are really significant and impressive they don't apply to a lot of people so Um I would say that these statements um if if you do want to help the humanity which you do multiple times throughout this uh session you said advocacy I would like to advocate if you really want to advocate for humanity you should come up with ideas that majority of the people can benefit from they should not be only applying to the rich and advantage and wealthy I have also an autism practice in the Bay Area that I help autism community and 50% of my patients they are medical patients purposely we distributed that between them and um people who can use their u they're rich and wealthy and can pay for it. 50% are disadvantaged and poor but they they take take advantage of the service. So a lot of these statements in general it it becomes a real advocacy if majority of the people can benefit from not just the rich and wealthy and healthy and successful but also poor and disadvantaged. So what do you say about that? >> Yeah, I mean first um I'm sorry to hear about that and second I respect you for what you're doing. Thank you. But no being, you know, having the sons with autism, it doesn't make me feel sorry. Actually, I really have accepted them the way they are and I love them and I appreciate them. So, >> yeah. Yeah. And it wasn't empathy for that. It's just that that um you're not getting sleep is painful. >> It really makes everything else in life so much harder. So, I guess I'm I'm trying to acknowledge that I I hear you and I've been through those periods in my life. I don't have a good answer for you. I'm just I I agree with you. I see you. I understand you. And I know there's a lot of circumstances in our society that are just like that. And sometimes it feels powerless. And so I don't know what to say about it other than like I'm deeply empathetic. I've been there. I know what it feels like. And uh it's hard. >> And again going back to what I said, autism is impacting one in 31 kids. So the ad real advocacy comes in when majority of the people when our community when our population is getting impacted by such a disorder or other things in this world, we should be advocating for all of them not for certain population. Thank you. What was your name again? >> Brighton. >> Brighton. Brighton, I I choose you because I feel like you entered the debate with some good arguments that I think uh deserve more extensive discussion. >> My claim is that life's finitude breeds its meaning. >> Yeah. If you I think if you go back the past couple thousand years and you ask a person in any given moment, what is the purpose of life or what makes you happiest? You would probably get a slightly different answer every year for the past few thousand years. Humans change what they value. They change what they aspire to become. Moral and ethical norms change. So it it's not a static thing. And right now dying is inevitable. And when that death is inevitable, people come up with reasons why that's a good thing. It's a it's a it's a vision of coping with this ugly reality. And if you fast forward 10, 15, 20 years when we're maybe extending our lifespans to 100, 150, 200 years, maybe even more, you're going to see humans start transforming their opinions. For examp, okay, let me give you another example. I was 50 lbs overweight and I couldn't really do anything about it. I tried to diet. I tried to I tried everything I could. I couldn't really control it. I didn't have access to a GLP-1. So, my opinion would be very different if I had access to a shot that just changed my ability to not be overweight. >> If someone just has the ability to be healthy and not degrade over time, they're going to naturally change their opinion of that given thing because it's something that's now possible. So, I think humans will adapt their opinions as the technology moves forward and enables us to live longer, healthier lives. Yeah, I would argue that something that is shorterdived and things that last a less amount of time, people tend to value those things more because there is an expiration date on it. And I think that's why a lot of people come up with these coping mechanisms, if they are coping mechanisms. I'm not saying they are, but because they value those moments and maybe it is based off of a fear of the unknown, but they're doing that because they value the moments. And the reason why you've said before uh that you just want to exist tomorrow and that's all you know is that you want to exist tomorrow. And I think the reason why we have that yearn and why you're correct in saying that we have that yearn is because tomorrow isn't guaranteed. I think that's the reason because death exists. That's why we appreciate every day a little bit more. >> Yeah. I mean, yes, that's I agree with your point. We also value long-term things. you know, you you choose to have a baby now so your baby can grow up and go through life, right? Go to school and get married and have their own children. So, we do choose both short-term and long-term goals. They they they all motivate us, >> right? I I would say though that those goals are meaningful because there is an expiration date and because we we have to do it. There's kind of a rush to achieve things because we know that we don't have a lot of time, >> right? So, I want to achieve my career goals. I want to uh start a family and everything and the only reason I have any motivation to do that is because I know that I have a limited amount of time and the only reason why we have that is because we have a guaranteed expiration date. >> Yeah. This reminds me if you were to travel back in time and you're with Homoctus a million years ago, they have an axe in their hand. You have some rudimentary form of communication. You say, "Homoctus, tell me about the future of existence. What will our ancestors be like?" They would say, "Well, you're going to forge over there and you're going to travel over there. They'll tell you their mental models of the world. What they're not going to tell you is that one day you're going to just put a little white thing in your mouth and your infection goes away. You're going to discover a microscopic world of bacteria. This leads to infection and death. Uh they're not going to tell you that you're going to hold this magic box in your hand and talk to anyone in the world in real time through the speed of light. That's not part of their mental models. And what I'm saying right now is is we live in a moment where our world may experience a million years equivalent of evolutionary advance in a very short period of time. That our perspectives of reality may dramatically change. And so I'm saying that everything we understand right now may be old-fashioned even 3 years or 5 years or seven years from now. And that the best thing we can do is to say, hey, like the way we've built society around death, it totally makes sense. When when death is inevitable, makes sense. When profit is your primary objective, makes sense. But when these circumstances arrive where you're giving birth to super intelligence, everything kind of changes a bit. We say, what is life again? Like what does it mean to live? What is the purpose of life? How do we feel about ourselves? How do we treat our fellow humans? Is it ethical for me to build a company that sells something to you to make you die? Is it ethical for me to make you die? Is it ethical for me to have a structure in society to say I should profit when you die? Is that ethical? And I said I don't No, it's not. It is not ethical for someone in society to cause someone else to die. That's what I'm saying is and this is the the trappings of our society is that we are addicted and we can't see this. I've been there. So this is the argument I'm making is that we are at a different point of being human. I don't disagree with you. I think although the claim that we may be at we may be the first generation to live forever, we may be the first generation not to die because of your faith in artificial intelligence advancement is similar to religion because people have a faith that there will be an afterlife that there will be a good that there will be something after this life. So, isn't it the same thing to have this faith based off of really no empirical data that artificial intelligence where will improve to get rid of death? And why specifically does it have to improve to conquer that goal? Why can't it be any other goal? Is it are you saying that it's that goal? Because that's what you want or because there's actual evidence that we are going to achieve ending death. >> Yeah. I mean, to hope is to be human, right? Like that's our fuel. We we all feel hope that we can have tomorrow and that we have something to to gain tomorrow. And the reason why it's don't die is because anything even in the positive where I say live well or be well or live long, your version of that may be different than my version. And what happens when humans disagree on certain things is they kill each other. >> That's been the case all along is that humans kill each other over different ideas. Don't die is the single thing everybody can agree to. rich and poor, whatever nation, it is the single thing that humans want. Nobody wants to die right now. And that's what I'm trying to say. This is not about immortality. It's not about 50 years in the future. It's not about the rich getting mortality. This is about every human on the planet saying we value being alive right now. It acknowledges human dignity and human existence at the most humble layer possible. And it's the most friendly ideology where it says you can be Christian and don't die. You can be Muslim, don't die. You can be capitalist don't die. Socialist, don't die. Chinese and don't die. You can be anything you want and don't die. It says we as a species lock in and say this is our stand. >> We are not going to accept this. >> But why is death such a negative thing that we shouldn't ever get to that point? Because you don't know and I don't know what happens after death even though some people believe that they know. >> Aren't we then because we are afraid of it? Because I'm afraid. I assume you're a little bit afraid to die. But we don't know what it is. We don't know if it's a negative or a positive. So by avoiding it, aren't we depriving oursel of that experience of death? >> Yeah. So I'm not afraid of death. And you know, if somebody wants to die, that's their prerogative and and totally cool. The problem is when the concept of death is part of society, people build things that cause other people to die. That's the problem. And so, do we want to introduce super intelligence to our world and say we are a species that thinks it's cool to do things that cause other intelligent species to die? I don't think that's the move. I don't think we want that part of our society. I don't think we want that to happen. >> I agree. And I would say although uh with great power obviously comes great responsibility and you are a big influencer and you have a lot of influence on people's decisions. So saying things like that like we shouldn't motivate people to eat unhealthy, like we shouldn't generally eat fast food. I I can agree with that. I think specifically there are problems with that claim. I would push back on that a little bit because things like food deserts exists where people don't have access to healthy food. People don't have transportation to healthy food. And while I think it it is true people should eat healthy and they probably will feel better if they eat healthy. And you've acknowledged before that not a lot not everyone can do that. Yes. But I I think a problem can occur when because it's a nuance topic and you're you're not talking about all the nuances of it. It can scare people off when they say when you say like people can't eat fast food and then they're like but fast food is all I have. That seems way too hard for me to accomplish so I'm just not going to try it all. Um, and I I I assume you've you've mentioned that before, but I feel like it could be emphasized that people should just do as much as they can. Yeah. Rather than saying you should never eat fast food, you should try to eat healthy food as much as possible. >> It's a great point and you're right. >> Well, do you want to arm wrestle? >> Uh, what do you think overall this conversation today? >> Uh, I think it was great. I think what I respect about you is that you're a person who can have a debate and when you don't know something, you say, "I don't know." And when you feel like the other person is right, you say, "I think you're right." And I think that's very valuable. You're not trying to prove the other person wrong, and you're not just trying to win the argument, but you're trying uh to get everyone to learn. And so I respect that, and I appreciate >> Thank you. Awesome. What did you think about it? >> I really had a lot of trepidation coming here today because I actually I prepared for this uh for like six weeks. I did I every morning I would actually I would go over my questions and I would try to imagine like where are you at? What is happening in your life? Like what are the real constraints? What do you feel? Like how painful is life? >> And I was I was nervous that I was going to come in here and that you would be here and I'd be here and it would take us a time to find a dance >> to say actually like we hear the same music. >> We just need to figure out like how to vibe together. >> Yeah. And I feel like it took me about 59 minutes like to find the vibe of like what is going on because people have these preconceived notions. I'm a rich person out of touch that has unrealistic ideas about the world that doesn't actually understand like like what people are really going through. I deeply understand it. And so I um I learned a lot on how to try to communicate these things. I hope that I was uh I show that I'm empathetic that I really do understand and I genuinely am trying to be in your corner to be your best supporter. Like that is it's not my goal to criticize. It's not my goal to shame you. It's to say like I understand. I'm with you. I've got your back. Like I want to be your strongest proponent. And so I learned that the way I communicate that I need to come through different ways to to package that because I think it takes a minute for us to reconcile like where we're each at and then find connection. So I found it to be really helpful. I'm I'm grateful to all of you for all of your perspectives. I really learned a lot. I I feel like I grew a lot. Um and so I appreciate your like your patience with me as I stumble through how to communicate these new ideas. >> Awesome. Sounds great. Thank you so much. >> Nice meeting you. I think the debate was more interesting than I expected. I wasn't sure how it was going to be approached by Brian and I think he was a little more genuine than I expected to him to be. I maybe had a little bit of a Frankenstein vision of who he is as a person. [laughter] I think it was helpful for me to realize that he wasn't kind of just making these blanket statements expecting everyone to do exactly [music] what he does and that he does actually have a more nuanced understanding of people's personal problems and I appreciate the fact that he was saying people should just try as much as they can to achieve the kind of same health standards. I thought the cast was fantastic. I really had a good time. I thought their perspectives were great. I thought that they presented real life circumstances. They were speaking from the heart. So, I really took them at face value and I think that they're genuinely looking for a solution, you know, like, okay, so if if they agree with this, like tell me what to do. And I think that's a great point. It's a good invitation for me to actually like try to develop more robust solutions. So, I thought they were spot on with their observations.

- Sarah Gilbert & The Biggest Loser: What The Documentary Got Wrong | The Kids Table Podcast Ep. 15: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to the kids table where the conversation is about fitness but the maturity level is questionable. >> The one and only Gunnar Peterson. >> Then you've got Luke Milton and then there's me. >> Weird if you did your own intro. Ladies and gentlemen, Jen Weeder. So pull up a chair as we talk fitness, the business of fitness and give a voice to trainers everywhere. >> It's informative. [music] It's inspiring. It's where everybody wants to be. This is the kids table. Today's episode is powered by Yeti and Train Heroic, the go-to platform for the go-to coaches and trainers. >> So, do you want to do you want to comment on Luke's outfit today or do you want me to? >> No, I [laughter] want you to I want you to and I just want to chime in and add some color commentary. >> Um, well, he he it's like this is his rugby player look. Although, I like I like your Is this like a team? >> No. Shout out to old mates New York City. the uh the real Australian embassy, number one pub in America [laughter] down in the financial district down in New York. >> What a pitch. >> Uh shout out. Yeah, little Niko and Eddie there doing a good job. >> Let me tell you how >> unpopular rugby is. >> Oh, please tell me gunner. >> I read that shirt and I was like, "Oh, I wonder if that's one of the teams Luke played on." >> What Oliver said. >> And if you had told me it was, I would have gone, "Cool." >> Yeah. Well, >> I know that was a dig. I know it was a dig, but it is off the back of that. And I think it I think it looks great. >> I'll take it back. It's not that it's unpopular, it's that it's unknown. >> No, you're 100% right. And and I tell you what, I wish it did get more traction in the States. I know they're trying, but I I just I just think there's so much behind the big four sports over here. It's really hard to >> especially with rugby. You can't compete against the marketing machine that is the NFL. >> I made this joke the other day, but it's not that that's not that wrong. I was talking to an NFL guy and he was trying to compare like salaries, you know, from rugby to that and he was kind of like nudge nudge wink wink like you know what I mean, Luke. And I'm like, dude, I reckon I made a a diet coke and a hot dog over my entire career, you know? >> No way. >> Yeah. But I'll tell you, I was in I was in Australia once easily 15 years ago and it was Australia and France maybe. It was a massive rivalry. Yeah. >> Is that makes Is that like It could make sense for sure. That's 15 years ago. 43. I mean, I might have just been out of it by then. >> But I mean, it was a stadium >> that was as big as Soldier Field, if not bigger. Every seat was full. >> Yeah. >> How are you guys How did you only get paid a hot dog? >> Well, it's funny because Well, that's an exaggeration. It's It's all relative, but in Australia, I think the like I don't know if this is appropriate or not, but I think the most I ever made was maybe a couple hundred grand like in in a in a in a whole season. Yeah. In a whole season. >> The hot dog. The hot dog was just part of your writer. [laughter] >> That was my absolute must. Yeah, that was my non-negotiable. No, but um I think it comes down to and correct me if I'm going to You'd probably know more about this, but I think it's broadcasting rights. We just don't have the population. It's 25 million people in Australia. It's it's decently sized in England, but you're competing with the Premier League over there, so you don't get the same media rights. Um but I believe that that's where a lot of the money comes from. TV contract fuels the league like it just funds it. >> Back to the bar. >> So, is it a sports barrier? >> Yeah, it's a pub. So, Australians really do pubs well and so fun. >> It's open down on John Street down in New York. It's doing great. Nick Stone, Eddie Buckerman, they're absolute legends of the New York hospitality scene and they've just done a wonderful job down there. Bunch of uh there's a bunch of people involved in it too. A bunch of uh surfers and athletes and all the rest of it. But it's it's actually become like the Australian embassy. This is why I'm so proud of Australia. It's like we've made a pub in New York City the the real embassy of of America. But but it's blown up. It it opened in January, February, and it's absolutely blown up. It's kind of like a real social house. Wow. This is pretty new. Yeah, it's really You had your rugby reunion. Did you host stuff there? >> Well, we went down there late night. Um but it's it is it's become the hot spot in New York City. Everyone's going down there. So, yeah, it's doing great. It's doing great. Next time we're in New York, we definitely have to go down there and have a chicken palm and and a schooner. >> Oh, schooner. >> Um, >> feel like I'm on the team. [laughter] >> We'll get your jersey, too. Gun. >> Um, do you want to address this this elephant in the room? >> Yeah. So, speaking of outfits, I'd like to know what's in your pocket, Gunner. >> And then what happened? >> Happy to see you. >> I just [laughter] funny that Gunner really thought he said this. >> I was going to try to I was going to try to not discuss it. That's just thing. It's so But that's so funny that you just put your whole hand in the pocket. >> That looks like I'm going to rob the place. >> Before we hear the story, if you're listening and not watching, Gunn has been sitting there with one finger in the front pocket of his hoodie. >> My kangaroo pouch here in your honor. >> Uh, actually my wife put the splint on. >> By the way, shout out to Jess. She's really She's got like a doctorate in this list. >> She did well after what she's gone through with her daughter. She is a full She's No disrespect to doctors, but she is a full >> So, you've got a a wife made splint on your finger. >> I do. And it is throbbing like >> What about the finger? >> Why do I get made fun of anything that slightly sounds sexual? And he's saying throbbing and pocket and no one in the room giggles. No one gives them any slack. >> Medical context. [laughter] Uh this I'm going to tell you this, you you you will laugh and it's unfortunate because it was a it was super unavoidable. And uh it's maybe the least athletic thing I've ever done. [laughter] I was on a stationary bike and I was doing intervals between my stationary bike, jump rope, and then a air powered synergy climber. And uh actually Adam Dirks, the strong man who trains in my gym, was yeah right next to me on this stretch trainer. I was on the phone and as I dismounted the bike, my foot [snorts] got hooked in the toe basket and I rotated past 90°, fell down, foot stayed in the bike. No idea how I didn't tear my MCL and shred my ankle. I landed, head grazed the machine, and I looked down at my finger, which I which I [snorts] as I put my foot down, my hand down to sport myself, >> and my finger was shaped >> like a like zigzag. >> Yeah. I thought it was my son's Z initial. It was like this. And I almost threw up and popped it back into place. Looked down and it popped back into the Z. And then I straightened it out again. And then I crunched it down. I was about to pass out. Didn't lose the call. And the person on the call had no idea what had happened to me. Adam was staring at me in disbelief. He thought I'd cracked my head. And I got up holding it limping cuz my glute is swollen and my ankle I just had to get my foot out of the bike. I don't know how the bike didn't fall on me. The whole thing dismount. >> It looked like something out of like a sitcom. Like how >> do you have security footage? >> Hell no. There no cameras in my >> Thank god. You know what's funny? There's no there are no cameras and never have been cameras in my gym ever in any of the gyms because >> that's just one of the things from a privacy standpoint that we try to point. >> Never nothing. But I'm going to go back to argue and this is don't get used to all the compliments, but I think you it's the opposite. I think you're so athletic that you're lucky it is only the finger because if you weren't in such good shape, if you weren't so consistent, you probably got one leg right now. You know what I mean? Like to get your foot caught in something and the whole weight of your body falling the opposite direction, you're lucky that's what it is. He looked at me, he goes, "How did you not when when I got when I got off the call >> when you resurfaced >> eloquently and finished pacing, I had like tears coming out the pain and I know people have had real injuries and this is nothing but god damn it was hurt." >> A little bit of karma because it wasn't too long ago. You were like, >> it was like the third doing the most unathletic knee just I'm like, dude, I don't know how it happened. It just happened to me. But >> it was the third thing I thought about was I just made fun of Jen for being this athlete and being in these CrossFit these competitions and doing all this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and being dialed and shredded and then she trips over a barbell like a baboon. And [laughter] and then here I do something that's even less athletic that who knew was possible. And I thought, "Fuck, she's going to give me so much shit." >> And then I thought And then my wife's like, "You have to go to the doctor. I just read if it's a broken finger, if it's you've you've cut the tendons, you could. And I said, I'm not going anywhere. I have clients before we're doing the pod. There's no way. [laughter] And she came by the gym and she hit pause and made the person training with me. She goes, I need them for a minute. And she taped it up. She had like five different options. And then >> she gave me some she gave me some anti-inflammatories that I've been chewing like PEZ all morning. [laughter] >> It's actually funny. You've been trying to like He's been a little less quippy than normal cuz the pain's getting in the way. You said I was the third thing you thought of. What was the first and second thing you thought of that? >> I don't remember, but I'd like to just hold those open in case something comes to mind. I didn't want [laughter] to commit to making you the first thing. That's what um but finished the workout, too. >> Oh, yeah. I finished. What's funny is then I went back to the jump rope and I'm holding it like this instead of like this. And I'm jumping and every landing I feel the finger going. >> Yeah. But I will I will I want to I want to tap back into that. There's something about going through something totally uh uh unpredictable like that fall and the only the only brush is the brush with like injury was the finger like your knee your fing everything stay intact. Same with me I didn't tear it. It ruptured and anything I'm fine >> but then I also realized how vulnerable I am. I realize how my work is 100% dependent on my physical ability. Yeah. Which at my AARP age is really dumb. Like the fact that I have all my eggs in this basket, >> something happens to me. I can't work. It's not like I can go to my job, you know, on a scooter or on a in a wheelchair. I'm like, I can't. It's over. I have to tap out. And, >> you know, income dries up and reputation goes down the bowl. I'm just like, >> our resiliency is everything. I was actually worried cuz it's your right hand. Like you have to pick you pick up and put down weights for all of your clients. You're spotting. You're doing your like you're going to be fine, but it's it's >> and when I have my wife on the phone, she's taking the kids to school. And >> I said, I think I broke my finger. I definitely dislocated it, but it may be broken. And my son goes, no. >> And [laughter] I realized a second later, it had nothing to do with my finger. It had to do with I can't throw the football with him. >> Oh, >> that's it was his his no was completely self-centered. >> To give to give context, Jen and I are staying with Gunner. So, it's [laughter] like a a whole a house. >> Can I just say one thing and then we probably should get to our our guest today. Uh last night we're at the house. Zayn's come from soccer practice. We're all kind of getting around the kitchen table. And Zayn, who I've known since before he was born, right? Like forever. >> Um he's intelligent. He's observant. He's uh so well-mannered and kind. He but he he holds his own with adults. And he does he engages when he wants to and watches and listens the rest of the time. He comes right up to me yesterday. He goes, "Hey, how tall are you?" And I go I [clears throat] was like, "Uh I'm like he's talking to me. He's talking to me." I was like so excited. I go 5'6. He goes, "Huh?" [sighs] And I go, "What?" He goes, "I thought you were 6 feet tall." And I don't know. And I'm like, "Do I look like I'm in better shape this time?" He goes, "Yeah." And like I just come off this CrossFit competition. And so I'm like, "Oh man, maybe because I'm in such fit shape, I I seem taller." I go, "Well, if I'm 6 foot, how tall is your dad?" He's like 57. [laughter] >> He's grounded. >> I know. I just It was just really funny through the >> He has no idea the difference between 57. >> He doesn't even understand what he's saying. He could have said I'm 7 feet tall, but like the way he >> No, cuz he knows Myers is 7 feet. >> Oh, there you go. Yeah. But the way he perceived my height because of my fitness level or it was really kind of cool. I was like I felt like a very like that was Zayn's like like compliment to me. No, you're in shape. Did you get taller or something? What's up with you? >> I forget how tall Myers is because you said this to me before I even met him. I know he's in he's in proportion >> 100%. >> And I was like I remember I met him but I don't think of him as a 7 foot guy. And then hanging again last night. I'm like, "Oh, no. You're like substantially taller than me, but you look normal." >> Yeah, he looks normal. Yeah. And he moves very well. >> Yeah. He's not like all torso or all legs. He's very balanced. >> Yeah. Height's a weird thing. >> Um >> I wouldn't know. >> If you're still training with a plastic shaker bottle from 2012, it's time. The Yeti Rambler with chug cap is built like a tank, keeps ice all day, and it doesn't leak all over your gym bag. It's so light, yet still so durable. Guys, I literally spend so much time with this. I think my family's getting jealous. Grab one and stop making hydration harder than it needs to be. Yeti.com. Get in, get out, get going. I' I've given you guys a little prep on today's guest, uh, Sarah Sarah Gilbert, and I'm going to read a little bit of a bio uh, on her. You know, ever since The Biggest Loser documentary came out, there's been a lot of conversations around what I think and um, frankly, a lot of what was covered in the documentary, I didn't really feel like had a lot to do with me. It was definitely the history of the show, but I think as someone that has been in multiple seasons and have people that I cared about and care about from the show, it was an important opportunity for me to bring someone on and bring a perspective that I don't think has been shared. I think a lot of people are looking at the documentary and I'll say this again with Sarah on the phone, but like look at the documentary and think that's the experience and it was just so different for a lot of my contestants. So today we have Sarah Gilbert. Uh she's a former Biggest Loser contestant. I believe we're on season 17 together. uh she was on team Jen um but was part of the one of the most polarizing and scrutinized reality shows in TV history. The Biggest Loser recently has become a hot topic of conversation again amongst the health and fitness industry with the release of this documentary that's now streaming on Netflix. Um now she and I have remained very close for over 10 years. I would consider her family. Um and I asked her to come here for a candid conversation about what this experience was like from her perspective. And I will tell you she's pretty nervous coming today. I told her she's in good hands, that like her experience is hers and she doesn't have to feel like she's responsible for what everybody felt. But she and I talked a lot through the release of the documentary as I did with a lot of my contestants. And I wanted to give her the chance and us the chance to discuss the impact of what the show um how the show impacted her mentally, physically uh and especially long after the camera stopped rolling. I think there's a lot of conversation about afterare and what happens to these people and did we do well by them and all of that. Um anyway, I thought it was important for her to share. I think it was >> Let me ask you something about that show. Um does the show promise afterare or is it just implied that anybody who takes you on such a journey is then responsible for your afterare? Is it like is it like a marriage where if you're married for x amount of time then you're responsible for supporting that person going forward or that or is it just like >> I think it's neither you know >> I watched it and I heard some of the people oh they can and all I thought was >> yeah a lot of times you you finish a job especially if you're more entrepreneurial than corporate and you're gone off that job and like no one checks in on you no one follows up no one makes sure that you still get up you still get paid you still brush your teeth you still pay your insurance. They don't >> like that's not their job. That's not it's not part of it. So, I didn't know if that was implied on loser that uh >> once they take you through that that they're going to take care. Are you just talking over me? >> Well, [snorts] I want I wanted to hear your question. >> No, I'm talking to you. I want to know your side of it. >> Okay. Um >> I will come over there. >> So, the answer is no. That they they know they are sh signing up for a TV show. So, there's no promise after the show. >> So, I heard a little bit of that. It sounded a little bit bitter and I was like interesting. Maybe they're promised that they will be looked after after they drop the weight and help maintain their health. And I thought, or are you like a grown-up and once you're let you know, once you're out of the nest, you're out of the nest. And >> once you're out, you're out. But I think that implied like like that implied consent to help >> uh can be uh real or misread through what kind of trainer you had on the >> So, all of mine were given workout programs. They have my cell phone number, my email, and I work with them directly. For whoever wanted to work towards something, they had me 100% of the time. >> And that but that's you aside from the >> correct. That's me. I don't get p there's no payment for that. There's no acknowledgement. There's no you know what I mean? Like there's no uh credit, right? The cameras are done rolling. I chose to pursue that. Now, I don't know how any of the other trainers spoke to their contestants or what promises they made, but I know that my the word I gave is the one I kept. Yeah. >> Yeah. I do like if somebody wrote me that I had worked with five years ago, 10 years ago, 15 years ago, even if it was a short stint, and said, "Hey, gee, sorry to pop up randomly in your feed, >> but can you help me with a program? I'm here, whatever." I would still do that because that's just who I am as a person, not some saint. I just feel like in our field, >> that's kind of >> cool to be that guy. It's not about benevolence or, oh, I want to get patted on the shoulder. You're such a good guy. It's not that. It's just I think that you do have a connection. We talked about this earlier today. Funny, right? You said best job ever. >> You do create a connection that is a different connection than other servicebased jobs because they're in such a vulnerable state. Some of them when they come to you and and I try to give everything and I know you guys too, too. And that's why this works as a as a as a friendship and as a job, whatever. But I I think I would still write that person a program. Maybe I wouldn't get to it right away. Maybe I wouldn't do it for another month, year, whatever. It depends on how it feels. If it feels icky, if it feels taken advantage of depends on the person. >> Yeah. But I think most of them I'm the guy who would write that. So then I didn't know when I heard those people bitching about how once they were off the show, they were let go and they had no tools to to handle. And I thought, okay, but no, you're a grownup. Like you're kind of responsible on your own. And I thought I wondered if the show >> said, you know, we're there for you as a support system afterwards. I didn't know what was >> I actually want to [laughter] I'll we should ask Sarah like like what did they promise like cuz I don't know that perspective and she and I have even talked over the years like more has come out over these last 10 years as we cuz we meet up every couple years as a as a whole cast and my and for my season >> is sorry I don't mean to cut you off. Is that just you or is that something that everyone does? >> I'm the only one that does it >> cuz I cuz I met up with you after you'd done one of those reunions and you were on cloud nine. You were smiling from ear to ear. you were telling me all the stories and their families got involved. You want to expand on that a lot because I think it's a really special story. >> Let's Yeah, let's include Sarah in it though if she's already on on hold and >> that'll be a part of it. >> Hi Sarah. >> Hi. I hear you. >> We can see you can. Okay. >> Oh, you look so beautiful. Hi. >> Thanks. Hello. Hi everybody. >> Hi Sarah. How are you? I'm Luke. >> Hi Luke. Nice to talk to you. >> So great to talk to you. >> I'm Gunnar. >> Hi Gunnar. I've heard a lot about you both from Jen. >> Yeah, likewise. I feel like I already know you, but it's um just that energy of yours already. Exactly what Jen said. Absolute angel. >> Oh, well, I'm excited to talk to you guys. I appreciate it. I'm a little nervous, but excited. >> I know. You've never done a podcast, right? You've never done any of that. Yeah. >> She and I just usually cry through voice notes together. [laughter] So, we were we were actually in this avalanche of conversation and I kind of made us put the brakes on to get you because you were waiting on the line, but Gunner was immediately getting into the the conver the conversation about like were you guys promised post care when you signed up for the show and I said, you know, I don't know what they were promised. I know what I my experiences was as a as a trainer, but I I just figured Gunner to your question. Go for it and let's just jump in. Yeah, the question came from uh when I watched the documentary and I know a lot of the players involved personally from long before their um ascension, but but it sounded like there were a lot of people who were pissed is the wrong word, but uh let down about once they left the show, there was no followup, no afterare, no uh re-entry rules or help. And and I remember thinking, "Oh, that's that's rough." And then I I tried to put it in real world context and I thought, "Yeah, but a lot of places when it's over, it's over. Nobody looks after you." Like, you know, no one's coming to save you. You're on your own here. So, I didn't know if there was something where they said to you, "Hey, after you go through this metamorphosis, we're always there for you or you can check in with us from a medical or from a psychological or whatever." But I didn't know if that was promised or implied or if that's just what people felt was owed to them and and if they were just being like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] about it and little baby victims or if in fact they were let down. >> Yeah. Um so we were never promised after care for after the show. That wasn't an expectation that I had. I will say I think the reason you get such a variation of experiences and opinions is I mean for so many reasons obviously earlier on I think they were feeling a lot of stuff out and probably trying a lot of stuff that made people feel different or uncomfortable. Um, but I think a lot of it too, I've done like a lot of thinking about it just because like when I watched the documentary, I almost felt like have I like gas lit myself into like a different experience? You know what I mean? Like what where was I just like drinking Kool-Aid? Did I have like a totally different p perspective on it? And I think after watching it and I kind of went back and watched some different seasons a little bit, not like everyone, but just kind of trying to adjust and see where um some people would have issues. And I think it really comes down to I mean, I know you guys you guys are going to love how much I blow Jen up, but truly um I think Jen was a huge difference. And so I think it really comes down to a trainer relationship with the contestants. Certainly nothing that was promised. Um >> and I don't when I say relationship I mean how the entire experience went like what makes the difference between in my opinion a good trainer who knows what they're doing and like next level trainer who can really speak into people's lives and help change especially within this population like obese people. People who struggle with obesity are completely different to train than um your typical athlete or people who are doing it um you know to fine-tune an area or they have trouble spots or they just want a little motivation like completely different group of people. And what Jen did that was really special was see each person individually and know if she needed to stay on the sideline and have that motivation and that coaching or like in in my experience which was um I was a completely broken person when I came on to like I don't even like resonate or when I watch it back it is literally like an out-of body experience for me because I just don't even [sighs] mentally connect with where I was at that point in time. And I needed someone who was like I was like limping through this marathon, right? Like I had I mean I was like Lieutenant Dan like I >> there was [laughter] I was crawling >> but you literally within the first few weeks you had you had pre-stress fractures in both your legs. So we and so did Colby who you've met Colby before but like I mean we we were we were I mean to the advice of the of the doctors I which I listened to we had we she was doing pool workouts forever like we she was literally immobilized >> just just to get her through that part. >> Right. >> But you are you kind of saying like I I knew to meet you guys where you were. >> Correct. Yeah. like you came. So like for for example I think some trainers have a hard time what I picked up on watching stuff back um not to say that not to say that they're not great trainers that but for an individual what makes you special and un unique Jen is that you adjusted I feel like some trainers meet people where they are as a trainer like this is my training style. This is how I like to train. This is what I like to do. And the difference between an okay trainer, a good trainer, and next level Jen, my gen is that you didn't approach it from um a level of like >> I'm going to this is what I'm going to do for you. I'm meeting you here. You saw that I needed you to like come pick me up in the middle of the race and literally like ride your back to it. like you didn't if you had done that for someone like um Louis or Berto, that's not going to help them. They need that push. They need you to get on them. They need you to be tough with them. I needed someone to literally be like, "I got you. Like, I I'm I'm going to get you through this." And I think that trust that's established is huge, especially for people who are obese and um struggle with self- value and self-worth. So, you have these people who have all of these emotions and things that they're struggling with. Um, and greater so than you're going to run into in a lot of populations have sensitivities to that. And if you're not meeting them where they're at and instead you're meeting them where they are as a trainer, um, they're not going to trust you. They're not going to connect with you afterwards. Like, if there's no connection, they're going to feel completely used up and spit out by this process. >> This is the question I'm going to have you then. Do you think cuz like a big thing you had said because you would felt a level of shame when we talked about this. What was exposed in the documentary was not Sarah's experience. So in a way like those people in the documentary I I did not train. They had other trainers. So do you feel like they had a right to feel that way? Are they being victims or were they really like did did the other trainers say I've got you. I'll be in your corner. And then bailed and they have a reason to feel that way. And I don't know the in the insight of those conversations, but there this does come down to like you giving someone your word, forget it's on TV or not, and saying, I'm going to be there for you and I'm going to go through this process and then the camera shuts off and then you're on your own. I'm wondering. So that's what I'm saying. I'm trying to like are we validating what we saw in the documentary? Are we >> Yes. >> For me, yeah, I think um and and it will vary. I'm not going to say that all of the time that is the case. Clearly there's there's going to be no one is perfect. So I don't think it it is on a singular contestant for their experience. I don't think it's solely on production for an experience. I don't think it's solely on a trainer for experience. Like at the end of the day, everyone operates individually. How those pieces interacted and um had the experience is gen is going to be different. But I I'll also say that if if you develop that trust with someone, your experience is going to be far different post show. It really is. And like I I do think it comes down to sometimes were they saying things on camera that they didn't follow through on. I can >> can say yes. I see some of that happening for sure. >> We saw that in our season with the other trainers. >> All these empty promises to try to create this false sense of trust. >> It was it was infuriating because those other contestants would approach me. back. Um, >> which I I had never watched our season. >> Sarah, I tried. I quit. I got to the second episode and I was like, I can't handle more. >> Gibson Gibson woke up. I have my middle son Gibson is five. So, he used to wake us up in the night and gets in our bed. And I was watching it >> just trying to like get in in the mindset for this conversation. And he came in and I was I was sobbing. And he and he started crying. He's like, "Mommy, but you're okay now." Right? like she was so like it really is it's hard to watch that step back but when I watched it back I'm watching the whole team having this um particularly who they focused on at the time was Felicia but like they were all really struggling to connect um with Dolvette and I think Dolvet is is you know I don't Dvet was always nice to me but I think the difference is that he was there on camera and he and then gone so everyone everyone Everyone handles stuff differently, but Jen was there for us for like every workout. There was not like Jen, if we were doing hard workouts, was there day in day out there wasn't I mean, she could have gotten somebody else. There there was nothing that obligated her to be there with us. >> Jen's like that, as you know, Jen's like that in her personal life as well. I think we can all say that she's there for us as well. But Sarah, I just wanted to like interject there a little bit and and get your thoughts on because trust me, you can't glow Jen up enough. We all think that, you know, we're very biased, but we think you got the best partner that you could ever go through an experience like this with. And everything you have said is 100% true. That's not for a podcast. That's not for anything anything other than just the truth. Like, she is just an doing exactly what she's supposed to be doing in life. And we're all in insanely proud of her. I want to go back to what made you get into it like congratulations on the transformation that you've had because it sounds like not only a physical transformation but you've gone through a real life transformation as well. What instigated you to get into that and to take that first step cuz I think that's always the the hardest one and and then you know what made you what made you stick with it? What made you keep hanging out with Jen and and reaching out? Cuz sometimes that can be a vulnerable move, right? like [snorts] staying in contact with with someone like you >> and tacking on. Sarah, you've been very vocal on social about your your the journey that's been up and down >> and I sent them their video of you being like, I gained it back and then I lost it and then here I am now and then like so it's like what made you start but what made you keep showing up? I think it's an important mechanism mentally and personally that makes you have the courage to keep going after every pregnancy, after every hardship, after every shift in your life, like you know what I mean? Like what gets you to the starting line again and again? >> So, it's kind of it's kind of controversial for me because honestly, it was the show and I hate to that's not like a Kool-Aid response like that. It it truly for me mentally I was in a place where I was completely disconnected from my body, completely disconnected from my purpose. I was lost. I had like I was a I was a younger mom. I got married um really quickly. Had my son. I was 23 when I had him. I had kind of like struggled with my weight but never like I was never obese prior to pregnancy. Um and then once I got pregnant um struggled with postpartum depression and my body just completely changed hormonally went crazy and you know I went I gained probably 70 lbs in a couple years. I was already kind of at a upper you know level of overweight. I was kind of like 180 to 200. Um, which I'm really short, so for me is still, you know, pretty heavy. Um, but that kind of like took it to the next level for me. So, I was 267 when I went on the show and, um, I >> did not think that it was possible. I just did not I tried. I'd started I did not have at that point I was just so lost as a person. um that I just did not think I thought it was just always going to be that way. I I had tried, gained it back, tried, gained it back. >> So, even the show was a Hail Mary. You were just like, "Uh, whatever." >> I I genuinely, had I not got on the show, I do not know if I ever would have lost weight. I think I would have stayed there, gotten heavier. Mentally, that's where I was at. I was not I was never athletic. I didn't have anything to like really push me to another level. I was just I was stuck and I was sad and I was >> So the show was a catalyst for you. >> It was in the fact that >> I I do not believe that I thought it was possible. And I think when you like talk about motivations and stuff like that like I was and we've talked about this before, Jen, I was highly motivated by some of the things that made the show kind of not great unfortunately. you know, like uh the shame aspect of it and the money aspect of it were hugely motivating. Um [snorts] so like you know they like Dr. Hzena said you know you can't gify weight loss and it ever really be healthy and that's it's true because you are going to I was highly motivated. we, you know, I was newly wed. We didn't have a lot of money. Um, highly motivated to at some point at at the beginning, I was really just grateful to be there and to like have this what you know, this experience, the biggest loser experience and lose weight. Um, kind of started there, but as you're kind of like, okay, well, maybe I got I got some weight to lose. Why not? I got a like a one in how many people are 16 on our season? What is a teen chance at, you know, 250 grand? >> Why not? Why not me? I could try. So, uh, >> and by the way, we should point out that you barely lost the at home prize. It was between her and one of her teammates. >> We don't have to talk about that. >> I'm sorry. [laughter] >> Like she Sorry. >> Still still a still a store point for me. Yeah, I missed the I don't one pound >> like less than a percentage. Yeah, it was like I don't know five. It was nothing. What? Yeah. It still hurts. Thanks, Jen. [laughter] >> No, but that's the thing. But like Sarah did it right. Did it all the way and and you know, left I think week five, >> which week five pounds on the ranch and I lost the other like 80 at home, >> which is really important to point out because once you go home, she's got my number and email, but she has got to show up. There's nobody else. There's no Jen coming to the gym, waking her out of bed like I do at the ranch. Like she's on her own and she did the whole back half, the more the majority of the back stretch by herself. No, that's really important because I didn't actually realize that when I was looking it all up. I saw the like roughly 120 pound weight loss. I just >> thought that was all on the show. >> So once you get you get voted off, you're on your own, but then you have you have an opportunity to win the at home prize. >> That's what was so incredible about Sarah. One of the many things that are incredible about it. But that I also think that that's where I it's important to interject and I think where I mean I I I I'm finish watching the documentary. I couldn't sit through it cuz I I there was so much judgment on these contestants and you guys watching have no idea what's happening. The amount of hours that hit the cutting room floor, the conversations, the effort, the time, the love that not only me as a trainer puts in, but the production team, our athletic trainers, the our remember our camera crews would jump in and do workouts with us. I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] loved our contestants and there was relationships and I was like, "You don't get to judge. You don't get to have an opinion on Sarah or Lewis or Colby or Sonia or any of my people cuz you weren't there." And that's where I get angry and defensive cuz I'm like, >> but you also know a lot of that hits the cutting room floor because production has to create storylines if they're not naturally forthcoming to make it watchable. We did Luke and I did this. I'm not >> our contracts. I mean, they honestly could have pretty much orchestrated it if they wanted to to to create a story line for who they wanted to to win. I mean, they essentially could have just gone through and done, you know, made adjustments here. We could change this challenge here. We could not eliminate. We can put a red line here. Like, I was a red line week. I'm going to be honest. I'm not a really fascinating person to watch. I was terrible on camera. It was [laughter] probably a really great time to be like, "Here's a red line." >> No, no. Sarah's a sweetheart. There's no drama. She doesn't talk [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on anybody. She's pretty happy. >> No drama. I got along with everybody like and and I was also like a complete like jellyfish of a human at the time. I was [laughter] like I don't know what I'm doing, you know? Like there there I was not entertaining. So I was like, yeah, let's redline her. She she lost. So I mean they could kind of orchestrate stuff how they wanted to for a story line. And there's just parts of it, you know. I think where The Biggest Loser really got in trouble or why they like kind of faced some of the backlash that they do now is I think that if they had just been genuine and been like this is an extreme reality show. >> Yeah. But but hang on hang on hang on. So let me jump in. Uh but again, sorry, we're all over the place. >> But I know this is about loser, but I'm going to draw a parallel. Luke and I both did Revenge Body with Khloe, and I'm sure you heard this cuz I know I did on a number of filming days. some of the stuff was going a certain way and I would it makes me uncomfortable. We know you know that that's like yeah my Achilles heel. I don't like for people to be uncomfortable. I don't like for people's feelings to get hurt. I like for it to all be you know copathetic and and polyiana. And I was told more than once when I didn't want something to be a certain way they said this makes good television. And I go, "Yeah, but I don't want her experience with me or her experience u with a gym or with a a fitness association to be like that." And they said, "It makes good television." So, they were not dishonest. They wanted to they wanted it in its entirety, but I wanted to stop it cuz I saw it going in a direction that I didn't like and they're like, "It makes good television." So, to to your point, like you think your storyline isn't interesting. their job is to make it interesting and part and and you can't in my to defend them. >> That's not that's not wrong. Like that that prize money that you're getting is coming from sponsors and advertisers who are paying for a show that is watchable. And the way our society works, drama is watchable. People like drama. So they're going to they're going to manu if you're not creating it, they're going to manufacture it. So, but here's what's and here's the risk I took and you know, you can't play it out again because it's in the past, but and Sarah, you probably remember the day. It was our It was actually our first workout in the in the gym. And >> I was if you're going to say what I think you're going to say about protecting us. >> Uhhuh. >> Uhhuh. I was already right there with you. I was already thinking >> because I got in the first workout, you have to guys realize we've got four camera crews. Dovet's got his team on his side. I've got mine on my side. And we have four hours to work out. I think was the first workout. Four. These people don't work out. So I was like, I'm >> Some of them Some of them were like former athletes, but we're all great and healthy. I had never worked out. Correct. [laughter] I'm not >> But I'm sitting there and I go and I think, "Oh, thank goodness. They're giving me time to assess these people, to get them moving, to do some level changing." No. I get yanked out of the room in the first 15 minutes because no one's crying, no one's falling down, and no one's throwing up. And so I got to and and and and you know, I I any trainer that claims they don't have control of what goes on and and I I I we have it's 100% in the trainer's hands. 100%. And so I got yelled at because Dolvet's got his people on a level 10 incline at a 10 speed and they're they're throwing up in buckets. And I go, "Well, I'm going to I have four hours. >> Yeah, I want to win the show." I'm like, so I want my people to win long term. I'm going to create a relationship with them and I'm also my number one job is to keep them safe and to progress forward without any injury. So, but all I want to I'm going to land this, but like by the end of the workout like I mean I had gotten pulled out twice and I was like it's my job to protect you. And by the way, was that did did they get anybody falling down and crying on my team? No. But do you know what the TV I made for them is real connection, real emotion. We were die [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hard for each other on our team because they knew that they were a priority for me and it was real for me. So it became real for them. And on Delvet's side, everybody felt like they were acting and performing because camera time is attention. You want to be in the episode. You want the camera in your face. And and so we went a different route. I didn't create drama the way that was traditionally happening. But I created really good television by doing it right. And it was a risk I took and I'm like, if NBC wants to fire me because I'm not dramatic enough, they can get rid of me. But I chose them and that's what made our bond so special. Well, let's >> came to us before that workout and she said and even after they talked to her, she came and she had us huddle and she said, "Guys, >> we are going to have to go a little harder >> and I want you to trust me. I want you to know I've got your back. I am not going to let anything happen to you." That was so huge to not like for some people maybe like less of a big deal that could have struggled through it. For somebody like me who is literally I mean I felt like a deer in the headlights in a production. >> We were strangers. We met the night before. >> If you're a trainer looking to level up, grow your business, and actually connect with your clients, Train Heroic is the game changer you need. I've used it for years. It's the first tech my clients actually enjoyed using. They showed up, did the work, and I could coach them through every rep. Trusted by top coaches since 2012, plans start at just $10 a month and you get your first 14 days free. Head to trainheroic.com/thekidtable to start your free trial now. >> Jen was like, I've got you. I protect you. And that trust was established so quickly for me with Jen that like I can't imagine not having that. And I know from what I experienced and saw with Dolvet that not everybody got that. So like I would never look at another contestant be like that's not valid. I can't tell you there's some people that's going to be more affected than that by that than others. Some are probably going to be fine be like whatever it's fine. Some people are just built that way. Totally fine. But a lot of people who struggle with weight are going to be exactly like I was. And if I hadn't have had somebody who really had my back that I trusted as a trainer to get me. And I still, by the way, you're I was 267 pounds, wasn't working out. Even as gentle and as as well and in good of care as Jen really took care of me, I was modifying stuff. My my spongy knees were still like, no, >> like this is a lot. You know, I tell but she protected us within that environment to the absolute best. Now, you know, the environment is is a totally different topic, but I I can't imagine not having Jen and that experience and and totally why going forward, I think I felt so positive about it until I watched the documentary and I was like, "Oh, wow. There's maybe some stuff that's problematic. I didn't realize, you know, >> Luke, go ahead." [snorts] >> Yeah. No, I think you make some really good points and again, yeah, you are lucky you got Jen. But I think that this is a really good time to clear up a lot of this stuff for a lot of people listening, right? The three of us have all been on TV shows like a Biggest Loser or Transformation Show. Gunner and I were on Revenge Body with Chloe as you said and Jen obviously Biggest Loser, but we're trainers. We're not actors. So, you go into these shows and it's our job to get results, but it's as you said, Gunner, the producers jobs to get ratings. So, you can kind of be two things can be right at the same time. And one of the biggest surprises that I noticed, I was so green cuz Revenge was the first TV show I'd been on and and so on and so forth. And I remember showing up the first day and I go in there for my client. I meet her and we do this introduction cuz that's the first time we meet like you guys said you met the night before and then they're like, "Okay, great. Now do it this way." I'm like, "Excuse me, I didn't really Yeah. I didn't really understand what reality TV was." So I was like, "Okay, cool. We're going to move the cameras to this side and now come through the door and say this." And I'm like, "Oh, okay. All right. I got you." Now, the workouts we had a little bit more autonomy over and they were the ones we wanted to do and that's why everyone got good results. But I think it's really important for people to understand that sometimes it's not necessarily just you and Jen in a room by yourself for 30 minutes, for 40 minutes, for an hour. There are some other, and I don't say ulterior motives in a negative context. There are just some other, you know, things that people need to get out like ratings and like, you know, clickbait and some bite-size sort of things. So, [snorts] look, I think it's great that you guys developed a relationship and that's really good. But I think the big difference is Jen is at the soul of it all a trainer. >> I wouldn't honestly I wouldn't know another way to do it. So, you tell me you get pulled out you get pulled out of the room and I would have gotten pulled out of the room. I'm sure because I your approach resonates with me. That's that's what I do. I look at like, >> yeah, the workouts are going to come, the workouts are going to happen, the struggle. There's no way to avoid that. If I don't I used to have it written in the old gym window. Uh if I can't if I can't communicate, I can't connect. So I would work on the communication so you understand the way I speak. You understand when I say something that may come across as sarcastic or insensitive that it's not it's me connecting to you. It's you finding my sense of humor because the sense of humor for me is the the levity that I infuse probably too much but whatever throughout the workout is what's going to get us through all this, right? My mom used to say, "Your sense of humor is going to get you through." And it and it is. So if I had been pulled out of the room and told to do it a different way, similar to what happened on the other show, >> I I I don't know another way to do it. So if you say they pull you out, hey, let's do the intro differently. I go, I can't do that. I like this is how this is how I intro. This is how I greet people. >> And I don't mean I didn't mean differently. It was just like let's do it from this angle. Do it again, but from this angle. Do it again. And I did the entry 20 times and I just felt >> but then it's going to be different. I'm not going to repeat the same line. I'm not going to, you know, I uh in another life I worked with Jack Lemon on a movie and >> they had him sometimes doing 10, 12, 15 takes. If he walks in the room, if he's decided as two-time Academy Award winner Jack Lemon, not to speak for him, but he's doing it this way, he's not gonna walk in the room and go, "Hey everybody, how you doing?" And then, "Hey everybody, how are you doing?" He's not going to change the He's He knows best for his character what he's doing. And I'm not saying I know best for my character because to your point, I'm not an actor, but I know what feels right as a trainer in a gym when I'm receiving a new client. and I'm going to say it this way because I want to elicit XYZ response from you so that we can move forward off of that because you only get that one chance to make that first impression. If I start coming across like cy and greeting you 10 different ways, it it's all over the place. >> Yeah. You know, the other thing that's I think really important to point out though is and your praise Sarah has been is so it's made me emotional and I love you and thank you for seeing me. But I I will say Sarah and I because our our team specifically, our season, we get together every couple years. We bring all the partners and wives and spouses and kids that everyone gets to hang. But it was I think it was two years ago where I, you know, well before this documentary came out that I started to carry a level of shame around the show because it had occurred to me after the fact that we who I was on set and how I showed up for them and protected them, I have no qualms about. I feel 10 out of 10 proud of myself and who I am and what I did. But when you realize, you know, they go home, you realize you have trained them in an environment that has not actually prepared them to go home. There is, we did not prepare them for the discipline and the re-entry to life. Like you get she got she's below the red line. She literally is on a bus that night in a hotel and on a plane the next morning. and I so overwhelmed with production and the contestants and the challenges and what are you walking into the door next cuz they don't tell the trainers anything we're surprised alongside the contestants you know I didn't prepare her for home and that was and even though I was like they have my and for a long time like they've got my number they know they have me there was no we did the grocery shopping for them they don't have to go to work they don't have to be a parent they don't have to be a spouse we are thrusting them into a life that they have not built the discipline for or the the stamina for mentally and so Oh, go ahead. See it. Say it. >> Okay, stopping you there because that's not entirely true. Like there are some things that you really did prepare me for mentally. Mentally um because like there are some things that you said that have indefinitely >> stuck in my brain. One of those things is that success is not linear. And you very specifically said you have to fail your way to success. And that is something that >> Oh my god. You too. >> Sorry guys. I know. I knew Jen's going Jen's going [laughter] too. I'm saying this is >> so not your vibe. I know. >> Luke and I are going to step [laughter] outside. >> But really like when you said that to me and that's this is not a TV thing. that that was who that was the messaging you were giving me on camera and off camera. And um [clears throat] that made all the difference because what when I went home >> I think all of our cycles are sinking right now. [laughter] >> You're such a prick. No, but it's >> um it would be so much worse if you guys ever watched the actual season. I promise. Like legitimately all I did was cry. But I um I [clears throat] took that and throughout not just not just the actual filming. Um but onwards every time I've you know the moms are like a next level different breed who have to continually re reinvent their body over and over and over again. Like it is the hardest process for your whole body to shift in one direction, all of your hor hormones to change and then have to get up and do it again and again and again. I'm sure you guys can appreciate that. I know like some of you have a lot of kids, [laughter] but like how incredible it is. How incredible it is for a woman to have to do that. And that messaging is something that stuck with me the whole time. So you did. Now, what I will say, Jen, is that I think that well kind of she did come to us. What she was trying to say so we get to it before I like kind of jump her point was that she came to us and kind of said she had been thinking about the show. I'm going to let you finish that and then we'll get back to what I was going to say. I just had to interrupt you cuz that wasn't true. >> No, you're Well, listen, like I just think that where I see a lot of people and there's no difference between people at home and people on the show. That's why it was so popular. That's why people, millions and millions tune in every week because whether you're 100 pounds overweight or 20, you're you're you're wrestling with some of the inner dialogue or the cycles in your day that are really tough. And I just think like I wanted to give you guys permission saying it's not going to be easy. It's going to look different. You're okay. Just keep stepping back is get back on. Get back on. Get back on. And so for me, I just what I would have done, I would have done things differently. And that's the hindsight of anybody that's willing to look at their career, their education, say, "This is what I knew, but this is what I know now, and this is how I'm going to do better going forward." And I >> So, thank God you were in that situation because the thing is is that nothing about that show is normal. And again, I think that that's where they really went wrong was that they Yes. Were there things that about that were people were inspired by? Did it change some of our lives? Absolutely. Were some of them for the better, some of them for worse? Yeah. Absolutely. Were people outside of the show inspired to some extent? Absolutely. I met lots of people who were wildly inspired by the show and made these changes on their own literally just because they saw someone else could do it. That's great. I that never would have happened to me. But there were people who were like that there. It can also be true though two things can always be true at one time that it was very detrimental in the messaging that it gave to people. um that some sometimes like that fat is the worst thing you can be like like there are like there are some times where I'm going to tell you it's it's it is going to be an eb and flow for forever and just because you you're at this point it can be taken as a moment you know like but I think what it it there was some me messaging there that wasn't great it was also kind of I carried and Jen and I have talked about the shame that I had experienced once I watched the documentary and I I realized that the messaging it was giving was that that was like attainable or that it how it should be. Um, and the reason that that messaging came across is because they didn't always market it genuinely. They marketed it as this life-changing inspirational. This is how you're they're just doing it with some hard work. No one is hard work. Like there is like hard work is one thing. 6 to eight hours a day, >> yeah, >> of working out is not and because people don't see all of that, they had an unrealistic expectation. Now, Jen was coaching within that environment. Would Jen have ever suggested that to anyone in a normal environment? Obviously not. That doesn't speak to her. That speaks to what she was brought into in the environment she was coaching us within. >> You guys were surviving. >> She did protect us within that environment. Holy, you know, and I think that's the best you can do, which is why I've, you know, told Jen like we're all big boys and girls. We signed up for a reality television show. Now, I hate that they marketed it the way they did because it gave America a bad taste in their mouths because they felt duped. It gave a lot of contestants a bad taste in their mouth cuz they were like diehard fans of the show and they get on and they're like, "You don't care about me and my personal transformation. You mean it's about making money on a TV show? I'm so confused." >> I I ACTUALLY HAVE A question for the group. So, like even when I came on, I did my first season. I was a nobody, meaning I didn't I get to have an opinion, but I did a good job. And so, going in, >> you had actually done a a supplement product [laughter] before. >> Yeah. So, I I knew of you because of that, >> right? But I mean like I wasn't I had not really been on TV in a big way and because I was new to NBC when you came to do my supplement and you were >> had a had a 14 to lean [laughter] program that I was the fitness model in like >> they brought her in between Gladiator. >> That's really what broke her right. >> Yeah. It was in between Gladiators and Biggest Loser and they brought her in. I'm like >> that's the chick from Gladiators. How is she still had color in her beard? It was a long time ago. >> How is she a fitness model now? I was dying like I go got your big break now, didn't you? >> Yeah, it was I was in Gunner Peterson's gym. It was a big deal and you were like nice to me and you said I did a good job and you said my ideas were good. So anyway, but it was um um um um we were talking about >> you said you had a a question for the group. >> Oh, question for the group. So, I got into my next season with Biggest Loser, and I had suggested that we needed to re-evaluate the way we were awarding wins each week because I said, "If you're only doing weight loss, you're going to like you're missing >> easily manipulated. Just ask any wrestler." [laughter] >> Oh my god. Like, you're missing you're missing what the show could evolve into. >> But it's quantifiable, so it works for >> right. So I said, so I said, fine, let's say Gunnar, you get on the scale, you lose one pound, but it shows that you are up 3 lbs of lean muscle mass. I'm just making this up cuz I know >> it's the first week in 10 years that I haven't missed a day of work and >> right, but so but I'm like, okay, so then that's a 4 lb net to me versus what if I just lost three pounds and you should win. Like I was like, why aren't we we were rewarding hydration? Why aren't we rewarding muscle mass? Why aren't we rewarding >> all the other wins? >> All the other wins. And they were and they the NBC and my production where they were so concerned they were like but if we change the formula of the show will America still tune in? They want to see the you know 38 lbs lost. And also to Sarah's point the shame she felt of like it wasn't like we we would have like a one week but it would be sometimes two weeks was a week and there would be weeks on the show where like it's like oh Sarah only lost one pound because it was a three-day week. So they manipulated film weeks because of what we needed to do with production. But like you know 38 lb versus 3 lb. It's it's like it was there was so much more than met the eye. And I just I I I I do you guys think if we had if we had introduced a re-evaluation of what was success in the show that the show could have a chance to still be on the air. What if the show adapted? I'll answer in two ways because I think I understood what you said from a trainer physiological perspective. Yeah, I would like to see all of those from a capitalistic sort of business standpoint. They had goals to meet. They got shareholders to meet. They got mouths to feed. And I don't know if that would have generated the amount of revenue that was needed from sponsors, from everyone else because a lot of these guys are the way TV works. It's not it's not like you know >> so so let me jump in. I I'll say yes I think it would have worked because I think the wins while the weight loss is quantifiable I think there are so many other ways you win and I jumped ahead by saying like you weren't absent from work that day. You were more patient with your kids et look at go to revenge go back to revenge body >> revenge body wasn't always about the scale. Revenge body was about how the person overcame XYZ in their personal life, XYZ in their work life, you know, where they felt uh they didn't have control, they gained control. And I think maybe they're less maybe they're more intangibles or more nuanced, but I look at I think in a way Revenge Body is an evolution of Loser. And I think there are other shows and I can't I'm there was wrong. >> It's called Strong. Gabby Reese was the host. They asked you to be a part of it and you ended up not doing it. >> Oh, yeah. Sebastian Sloan produced. >> Why, you know, Sarah, did I tell you that they actually they brought the show to Gunner first for Biggest Loser? >> Yeah. Yeah. >> And and what was your response, Gunnar? >> Uh that uh that's not my that's not my millure, right? Like I don't I don't thrive there. It's probably like financially the stupidest thing I I ever didn't do. But [laughter] I lost I lost there. But yeah, that's just not where I feel like I thrive now. I think now if if if it came back, in fact, it came back a couple years ago. >> I know. On USA. >> No, no, no, no, no. They they were going to reboot it in Australia. >> Oh. >> Uh with Jill and I was asked there too. And it ended up I want to say it was channel 10 in Australia. Is that Yeah. >> Is that a thing? >> Yeah. Channel 10. Yeah. >> Yeah. And then they u we had some we were pretty we were in some discussions about it and then it it ended up not happening. But I think now I could do it and I would be better at not that I couldn't have done it then but I didn't feel like it was where I would have uh shined shown. Yeah. >> Past tense but I but I feel like I wouldn't have been my best then or I I didn't want to actually just I wasn't that's just not what I wanted to do. Sure, I wanted a show. Sure, I wanted to be able to bring more light to fitness in general because I do think it is for everybody. I do think there's a a way for everybody to benefit from it and get and get in on it, you know, different for everybody obviously, but I didn't think that I didn't want to work. >> I think I think um just from a perspective of I think that I don't know how it would be successful. I don't I don't know what weight what way the weight could be involved. It would have to be I don't know. For me, the weight aspect of it is what kind of made it so wildly uh un unhealthy because like it just it I mean obviously you should focus on those other factors, but to Luke's point, >> I don't even have a scale in my gym, Sarah. Like I've never a 30 I've owned my own gym for >> oh probably 25 years. I've been doing this for 35 years. I don't have a scale in the gym. I just look there are so many other wins. Not that the scale isn't a great win and I think that's wonderful and all that, but I just think there are other ways >> to show progress and to show growth and >> Right. But but our point is that because it was only the scale like by the end, especially as a coach with contestants, I had you know, you know, everybody there's there's at home prize and then the finale. I'm at the point where I have to get my contestants to lose muscle to get the scale to go down. There's no way to get >> How exciting that I could have. >> That wasn't you doing it, by the way. >> No, I know. But that was the rules. >> There was times where Jen Jen was thinking that I was doing one thing. I I was doing something completely opposite of what Jen was telling me to do. >> Are you willing to be honest though? Like when you said what Jen told me to do is not what I was doing. Can you tell me? Can you tell everybody what I I was what I thought you were doing and what you chose? >> You know, like your metabolism is rapidly changing. So, like I lost what I think filming Jen was just under 6 months. >> Mhm. >> Something like that. I think it was like five, we'll say 5 and a half months to 5 months and 3 weeks. Something like that. Um I lost 120 120 lbs in that amount of time. So, you're like that's five what? Five That's a lot of pounds um a week essentially. like you're at umath like next level. You cannot keep keep that up without making cuts in places. So like I went home and at first was doing stuff um per what we were doing on the ranch cuz I was still working pretty well at first. My body was not adapting that fast to a week of working out, right? But what happens is you're home for 2 months and you're working out 6 to 8 hours a day and your metabolism is out. And um it was completely and totally mentally the most exhausting thing and the only thing that helped was to start cutting calories cuz I'm already working out as much as I can. How much more can I >> How low did you go in your calories? Did you swap to juices or did you just go really really low? um pretty low, you know, like there there I don't but you know I was able to do that. Like I sometimes think about how little I was eating. Probably the last month, month and a half um is when it really got down to it. Like first you start with like changes. So like at first you know obviously we were eating a good amount of carbs for the amount we were working out. Um and then it starts to be like well we have to cut back a little bit on the carbs because you know what do carbs hold? Water. Well it's all about weight. So what are we doing? we're going to start. Obviously, that wasn't till later, but like you really have to start making changes because your body is rapidly working against you to lose weight that quickly. There's not like a you don't lose 20 pounds a week like that consistently without having to continuously adjust what your body's doing. So, I mean, you know, towards the end, I was probably working out 6 to 8 hours a day and on like 300 400 calories. I mean, I remember looking at >> I remember looking at like a packet of ranch seasoning and thinking about like licking my finger and like is that too much sodium? Like that was pretty like it got to a point where I wasn't and Jim didn't know that by the way. Like this is where it comes into now >> like Dr. H always took really good care of us. He was a very kind man. Do I think at some point you have to know people are doing that to get those results? Yeah, I I think he tried to same same way I look at Jen within in that environment is that I think he took the best care of us that he could within a production environment where that was the goal. >> But you know what's so funny? Like I did not know. Like I was like, "Oh, I've got them on these calories. They're showing pictures of their food. They're my plan is awesome." I I really didn't know. I really didn't know. But after but after like you the toma season and then the you guys season and I started getting real information about what was going on like if the show was still had still been on I would have known that like that's why that's why like for me I felt like I I I just I wasn't hip to the game until much after and then but like by that time our show was already off the air so I couldn't implement any of the information. I feel like this is a good way to kind of uh bring the conversation home. I think the best thing we ever did as a group was set up that first reunion in Nashville >> right here. We we we got our team together and all eight of our contestants came plus their wives and kids and >> they got to stand like of course it was a union. We we reunion. We missed each other. We loved each other. But you everyone there were people that almost didn't come because they'd gained their weight back and they were so ashamed and so nervous and they thought their process was so unique and so different. They were afraid to let me down. They were afraid to let each other down. And I would just I would just say like using Sarah's example and I I think we've we've covered a lot of like there's so much I think the highlight of this conversation there's just so much more than you don't see in the documentary based on relationship and care and what happens with your body and I don't want to say normalizing weight gain but I think a lot of people see people that are obese and like oh that person's fat they must be lazy like Sarah's the least lazy person that I know and I think that just knowing that like you're in the you're not alone there is a real process here, but there's also a real pathway forward. And I think that like Sarah, you have found your way. You continue to find your way. You're this you're such a highlight in my life. You're you continue to raise like beautiful kids. I love your I mean, like I feel like, you know what I mean? Like your family is my family. And it's I I I'm so grateful that you have the you had the courage to come on and talk through what was on your mind. And I I feel like you and I could talk for another two hours of like processing. >> Sorry. >> Yeah, I know. I know. I told her I was like, "She can't see us. We got to we got to like uh we got to tap the brakes for her. We we'll keep we, you know, go keep going." >> I talk forever. >> I know. I like to always try to find the positive. But it's funny like people, you know, what do you one of those segments, what do you hate on Instagram? What's really winding you up right now? I look at Biggest Loser and I've had people talk to me about everything that was out there. I mean, go go back Susan Powder. Go back Billy Blanks. What do you don't you think it does this? Don't you think this is bad? And I will go back to this one baseline of if it helped someone who was otherwise going to do nothing do something then it was a good thing. >> Part two of that is we're all responsible for ourselves. I'm not trying to be cold. I'm not trying to be a dick about it but like if you leave and gain the way back that in my opinion that's not on the show and and that's not like I I try to get look I talk to my kids this way. talk to to people I work with this way. At some point, you're responsible. You can't always be a victim. You can't always blame somebody else. That I understand that's a knee-jerk. I understand that's a human response. But at some point, we have to take responsibility and go, "Okay, whether you, Dolvette, Bob, Jill, anybody was available or not to you, you still have to take care of yourself. That's your god-given instrument. You are responsible for it. I understand wanting to lash out. understand because I was a fat kid gaining the weight, losing the weight. There's a frustration involved that is sometimes insurmountable and you do just want to curl up and lie in bed and cry and and punch a pillow and yell at the world. But you got to get up and you got to get after it. And if you have somebody to reach out whether you know how much you can, how little you can, you still have that person. A lot of people don't have that and it's still incumbent upon them to take care of themselves. So I will say instead of just looking who can we lash out at, who can we let's do a documentary and bash the show and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] talk those people who let me down. Hey man, take care of yourself. >> Get up, get after it. Let's go. And I know it's not easy. I'm not saying it's easy, but >> you have to do it. There's just you're responsible. And when you take that initiative and when you when you saddle yourself up with that burden and you go that's on me, it's going to end up different and you come out of it on the other side. Whether you lose half of it again or you lose all of it again, there's pride to be taken in the fact that you did it on your own. >> Yeah. And and congratulations, Sarah. It looks like you're doing that, you know, like being the best mom you can, being the best family person you can be, and you know, being a really dear friend. Those are the real wins. Those are way bigger wins than the number on the scale in my opinion. >> Yeah. So, mate, congratulations. And look, I I agree with a lot of what what Gunner just said there. And, you know, you're doing a good job. You've got the best resource ever in the girl sitting on our panel right here now. So, use it. And, you know, keep being the best you can be, honestly. Like, congratulations on being a great >> Can't go wrong with Jen and a box of Kleenex. [laughter] >> Oh, that's the truth. Oh, I love you, girl. Thank you so much for being on. It was good. It was good talking to you guys. Thank you. >> Hug all the boys for me. Okay. >> All right. I will. Thanks, guys. It was good talking to you. >> Bye. Bye. Bye. >> That's powerful stuff. Those people go through some stuff. >> Go through some stuff, right? >> They go through some stuff that I think the average person might not understand. It might not resonate with. Hopefully, it's not like too long a story and too in-depth and too indulgent, but that's just uh everybody has their right. Everybody has their thing. Everybody has their road to ho or their hoe on the road. What is it? >> I don't know. Sorry. >> Keep trying. [laughter] Right. >> Hey, >> it was right. I was It was a hoe joke. >> Has anyone I want to You just reminded me of that, too. But um has anyone ever been successful post show? Is there any any success stories? >> Oh, yeah. >> Why Why do we only hear about the negative because the squeaky wheel gets the attention? They interviewed multiple They reached out to multiple of my contestants for the documentary, but none of them none of them had anything mean to say about me. >> Oh, no. No. I'm not talking about you. I'm talking about like I only ever hear it's only a 1% and I just I've never ever verified whether that's true or not. I've just heard it a million times that only 1% of people have weight keep their weight loss after these shows. There are people that keep it. >> I had a guy years ago, and I didn't bring this up on there, who came to me when loser was getting the backlash of what was happening to the people uh post experience on Biggest Loser. And he asked me if I wanted to do a show where we approached the Biggest Loser clients >> and ran them through a more sustainable approach to weight loss, right? Right. >> And it was sort of like an anti- loser, anti- biggest loser show. And we showed them like a more compassionate approach because I said that's just not how I train. And that's not again, you don't get taller standing on somebody else. I didn't want to do something based on knocking somebody else because because true to who I've always been, >> kudos to anybody who lost weight. Kudos to anybody who stood up and especially who did it in the public eye because that's not easy being that vulnerable. So, I didn't want to take that shot, but I thought again that's a that's a he's creating a drama in the scripting of that show that never saw the light of day. But you just go, it doesn't have to be that way. >> Well, Chris Powell and I, he was actually on our like almost like our sister show, like our competitive show. It's like extreme makeover weight loss edition. And Chris and I built out a whole show where we actually we went into someone's home and we we looked at like the environment like the home, the work, the social circle like can if we can change him here, it changes from the inside out and and that would be the way to do I mean he and he's he's got a heart for it though. A lot of people that are TV trainers are just >> they want TV time. But I I I'll tell you so this is a text. This is just from uh a few months ago. So Sonia Jones was a really big highlight of my first season. She barely got second place at Toma by like a fraction of a percent and they were both my contestants. But she wrote me, she goes, "There's a lot of people that won't get this, but I'm going to celebrate with you. You'll remember that Dr. Heisenga told me, but my happy weight should be around 170 and I should never go under 160 because the amount of muscle mass I have." Well, my happy weight has always been around 183. And today, for the first time, I am 179.4 and I've gained 4 lbs of muscle. I wanted to share. I hope you're well. So, yes, there is success. It's just like not postw worthy. It doesn't make headlines. I get these texts and I get these wins. And now, I mean, part of Sonia's success, by the way, is she has a >> She gets that win. >> Exactly. It's hers. And I She lets me in, but she also has a weight loss weight loss clinic in Illinois in her hometown. So, part of her success is the accountability built within the community she's now leading. And I think there's a part of it. And so, so there's this aspect they've got to find the their their way to create that accountability just like we all do like Gunnar like you're like no matter what it is I'm getting up at 5 or 4 and I'm getting to the gym like you've got your system. Go ahead. >> But I but I would and you don't know this either. Dr. Heisenga was my personal physician for 20some years. Isn't that funny? Before nothing to do with >> Yeah. You Charlie Sheen lot. >> He had lots of people but he was my guy forever. And uh I don't know that I love and I'm not knocking him at all. He's phenomenal. I would say your happy weight to use that term is wherever you're happy. Like you don't have to pin you don't have to pin it on a number to the point why I don't have a scale in the gym because you're letting an inanimate watch this. >> You're letting an inanimate object dictate your emotional state. Why would you do that? And I've had this conversation with a number of people in entertainment, not with people in sports so much. And I say, if you look in the mirror as a woman and everything looks perky and and like it's going up versus going down and you feel great and and you're performing well and you tell me your happy weight is 150 and you get on the scale and it says 158, how would you feel? And they I've had a number of them say, "I would feel awful. >> I would feel so sad." And then I go, "Okay, let me flip that. What if you look in the mirror and you look like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and you feel tired and your performance sucks and you get on the scale and it says 143?" They go, >> "Thrilled. >> I would feel great." And I go, "So my assessment from that is you're psycho. You're letting that scale >> dictate how you feel and how you go through your day. Don't do it. Go by how do you feel?" And if you start to feel badly, think of what you can do to turn that around. And don't rely on the scale. I'm not saying scales are bad. I'm not vilifying the scale. Use it for use it as the tool that it is. Don't let it say to you, "Hey, by the way, this is what you weigh today." Go out in the world, feel them that way. Use it as it's one of your vitals. By the way, big deal. >> I I think that's a bigger conversation. I think that's actually accurate for all walks of life. I think that we've been made believe something is what it is or there's a tangibility around 150 instead of 158. It's the same with money. Comparison is a thief of joy. So if you have $10 in the bank, but you're really really happy with that, but then you get told a million dollars in the bank makes you happier. That's it's just it's just what we choose to ingest or digest or whatever we take in and then what what emphasis we put on that. So, I think that that might even be a little bit of what we're talking about with some of the shows and the expectations and what they put out there is, oh, this is a healthy or happy weight. >> But then you go to watch this, bring it over to athletes. How many guys are are told or how it's ingrained in us that if you don't win a championship, you had a failed career? I I had a >> What was that conversation? Uh don't don't lose. I thought it was I forgot. Uh, LeBron, I think, was getting interviewed on like a late night show, but it was like Charles Barkley, no rings. >> Right. Like, how many NBA absolute legends don't have a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] championship ring? Do they not belong in the circle of of of absolute legend? >> Tons of them. And that's always a thing. And then you go, it's a team sport. What if the other guys What about there are teams and and things have happened in the locker room that were completely outside the control of the athlete who was, you know, arguably destined to be great and and uh supersede all other accomplishments and something happened in the locker room and his team imploded and there's no way he's going to win. That's a team sport. You look at individuals, certain things happen, unfortunate things happen. And and >> you have to define the winning by yourself. >> Whether it's the $10, the million dollars, the 170, the 150, the championship, the no championship, the I make X as a player. I don't. You go onto a broadcasting career. There's so many ways to to win. I just think focus on your wins. Stop worrying about your losses. >> Yeah. Again, >> I cannot agree more. And fulfillment makes you happy, not someone else's version of happiness. And these things are everywhere, right? And we can we can go on. I'm not going to keep going on about it, but like look at the Oscars for instance. Sylvester Sloan, Tom Cruz, never won one. Would you consider them not successful actors? >> I I would consider them both iconic. >> They're stars. Absolute stars. >> But I can't name everyone that's won an Oscar. No knock on that. But >> And they've both transcended generations. They've transcended genres. They've they've I mean, you're going to tell me because they didn't want because a subjective group of other often times self-appointed or definitely appointed from the inside people didn't vote them. Come on, guys. >> It's great. Wait. Yeah. Yeah. >> I mean, I listen I I I think if as long as my my pants button up, I'm pretty good. That's where I live. >> And if not, put on stretch pants for a week. >> No, I disagree with that. >> No, no. Once they can't go, I'm not buying another pair. What's your what's your trigger? Cuz I won't buy new clothes. If I get out, I'm like, "Hey, cut it back." >> I agree. I haven't bought literally my favorite pair of jeans. It was like really tight and I sat down at dinner and it was hurting my tummy. I was like, "All right, Jenny, put the beers down. You had a lot I had enough fun. Okay, time to get going." That's one of the reasons I signed up for the CrossFit competition. I was like, "I have to get my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] together." >> But also, we do that and I used to say to people like they go, "How do you hold yourself accountable? How do you how do you maintain?" And I go, you set these little short-term goals. Long-term goals are great, but you have to have short-term goals. And when you're not a competitive athlete anymore, as you were as you were, >> you got to set them. So, what is that? The beach vacation. I'm going to be at a bathing suit. Is that the family reunion? Is >> I had a client that got ready for a wedding. She's like, I'm I'm in a wedding. I'm like, let's book. >> You're like, this way, you're already married. Oh, no. You're not the bride. No, but you're in the wedding. That's your goal. Good for you. you and and people who are in our job, we have to set those because we do show up at work, you know, essentially in our pajamas every day. We're in sweats every day. We're in loose stuff every day. >> What holds us accountable? It can't I mean, you can use the scale, but at some point you have to find a reason to dial it back or to bump it up. >> Yeah. So, you make those for yourself. And and look, I've been out of school for forever. I've been out of any kind of competition for long after long before that. what you've set those for yourself and I think that's fun. That's half the challenge. >> When you see the the people, guys or girls, who let it go, you're like, bro, set a goal. >> What are you doing? >> I know. I feel for them. >> And they do, you know, I got this. I got who we all do. >> I think Yeah, I think >> do it from a health standpoint first or do it from an aesthetic standpoint. Do it from whatever it is that launches you into the fray. >> Yeah. I think those standards and values are so important and having your you know look I think you touched on a really good point before and I I think that it's like there's an above the line attitude in life and a below the line attitude in life and like below the line sometimes feels really good and it feels like we can blame other people but if you take an above the line and like solutionoriented not focused >> it's a loser approach long term blaming other people >> genuinely think that >> being a victim long that's just >> and it doesn't change the the the outcome It doesn't matter how you feel. The outcome doesn't change because you blame someone else. So, it's just about >> but if you take responsibility, it will >> every single time. >> And a lot of times, you're right. It is because of X. But >> that's not going to change it. >> You got to go. All right. It is because of them that I'm here. How do I get out of here? And when you do that, I think you launch yourself to new heights. >> Tony Robbins has that saying. Um, >> we got Tony Robbins right here. No gun is like that, but he has that saying, if you're going to blame someone for everything went wrong, you better thank them for everything that went right as well. So if, and this is like super dark, but like horrible thing. Someone potentially got abused when they were a kid, but that that made them, you know, get through adversity, create success or whatever they may be, not do that to other people, whatever it might be. Um, so whatever you went through in life, you have to let go of it and you have to move on. You have to get on with life. you just have to. So, whatever forced you to eat fast food more than you should be, you're going to have to work that out and you're [clears throat] going to have to like find a way to get through it. And maybe that's a a great trainer or maybe that's uh, you know, a a photo or, you know, a highlight reel, but you just got to work it out. >> Let's work it out, guys. >> Find a way. >> Well, you survived another episode. Congratulations. >> Now, go and follow the show. Subscribe to the show. Like the show, comment on the show, download the show, leave a five-star review for the show, or any review really. We will take what we can get. >> Okay, Luke, they get it. This was the kids table. See you next week recess.

- Gwen Shamblin interviewed on ABC's 20/20: Kind: captions Language: en but those two who when they continued well are checkers and economical in search of a guide will i work and right now we heard call me this week in this country gathering new can workshop idea is combined you my passions village and and the the south lose weight damper robert elders in churches and where people together injury the bible pre and that the meat eater filling up on guard reddit and galleries it is the circuit is the sk for your solution to build that sex congrats to you the choice in addition the losing weight care satisfying inspiration longer already something like that joss minnetje airtime with the fell abc' is now is day time to show waiting in the wings for for cue is won on the this grass of home and us news and national television but his getting celebrity like the inch and arjan jackie share my video see here master you have assigned paper pop for my name her turn is now dead yes yes yes and that of hers hi my name is wim chaplin and choose tennessee dietician living room becomes the revolutionary new program for losing weight of america has a crush of to help crash and the bible retina is that is the central idea behind her speech oil beast program i go to read and write in her best-selling book gwyn 600 the supplements and butter pieten bakery of chocolate that we must also it is a we mention chip buddha yes and and I never with sometimes like this clear on a country who those members support each other so innovative bpl weak carlo and kip testimonial she belga with your idea what sammy van bring the mind of the former have here barrace that was size 20e in a name 5 is called it is that walked earlier f2a plasma level ijmond other stuff around photos athina and philippa again edgar and paper nice on my uncle was blender digic spy snow or the members muesli headboard the finest gwine for hopping amused the wait-and-see perrault something no other that there is been able too expensive tell it you symbolic minutes cu the duration are other far greater village where the tweet the e already have combs I am going to drive have I my jacket more me in the inwork pk this and and vests go the forest track or praise god they all think of an on teaching people work you there to defy god you can your better than what your eyes carney I a little much better than a [ __ ] and thereby first people go back and push play her guard with a relationship with never win murderous bodypaint over weavers team followers the over earring stems from and deeper problem experts knows your agree are the people use you so your troubles the or a wit back to child their between a sith the over everyone so and stijn suffering from a spiritual bush bush dirk fountain fill by e-mail or advice from you want an extra piece of cake grungy the bible us dared refrigerator and you in the pinner and beautiful full pill are language that on a but neat to enter that is so in that him also in the librium to other people would you do and super brother eye are certainly way sieger telemetry spray the break was already climatisation is at all my choice 20 in it stated many those who come to the way down workshop sign up for 12 record for 100 dollar person part kill the chores and pulled about the grass roots new record the lord journals the yotsugi pictures of become I am and what I hope to be awesome everything is inside the show and videotape of big part 2 dl is teaching people and now you want a ring economy thank you when tribes cry as and jenna coleman he talwar focus on them using only one you will hungery yes and only' 24 point where your soul boy oh boy oh boy oh boy oh boy oh boy oh boy oh boy oh boy oh boy oh boy oh boy oh boy oh boy oh boy oh boy oh boy oh boy and from new york in connecticut strongly believe in metals together am members for few months others a couple of years collectively burdened new member 300 house and all grey the three training yourself to eat once viewed successful in losing weight bioland hole so about that the here rinse it be calm and escape from a herd pression and stress that nlcs rest rest service template the neighborhood nuisance to children that m and emotionally everyone to winch grass chance of reach for eyes cream or which for that extra helping of you do whatever i know they should come and satisfy mee with michiel berg misdeeds are gm you feel a make you feel better john falls for it jean a bark your the now hotel new york also learn to control your emotional leading to spirituality she's lost murders white that bulges we on silent stokkel of details is there a feels and sign up to experiencing access there what mama stick out along and become judo abidin tree the bible weekend how the music he starts it on the god she said she also string of listening to the audio cassette blood and provides video and start a few grabbed the entrance and and education in her journal my preparations my journals and you know of any help of many other school and 0 is connected would have since childhood china have zero report in a parent who it a chill water bottle nest sixth goal is to please get by night persuasion successes and most at the freedom chair like this floor r ic I with extra call you mail you to in the not high barnet to anything to escape to exchange group to go into account solo the way than riko li she still orders rp for tuber what the final is the wifi do something who the dog features that it hopeful to kutcher food and he saving grace for the next time you hungry and to save for each side i put the for a minute franchise changes on you i just a few win-win by the bad boy and styling ideas so developed watch rowboat order to be been then came his hut with old carlo bacon and onion rings the sounder profiling family suite and greenseer so that trouble well this is this is a separate in the this video go well no the first app shii-takes is to evaluate her fusing rating system aha tkk by the find the six office read it here I come here yes that had we have a few gama 5 bar by doing that she to the movie saab of the fuji along guessing to pauliana i want the [ __ ] marge of ambon iran sounds great what is it helps according to nutrition experts who ghost wit themes free sound the decors other balance that the iris impotent i believe you realize and losing weight watchers their sqwoogy seem to be checking account with anger but the idea beoplay single by doing some of you won't er else and i the message the gummy max temp people dunkey succeeded d elsa so much to harness for the size and gis chalice is jealous of spilling ping you now as x brave young ajax live view wim's sdg not be idealize just enjoy and would be busy day to day and offices and franklin tennessee who will the baby you in the practice what you preach woensel week the holztiger together for barbecue that falls harder ping dewey sticky bynes of er before mood and deep and bryan hesse room private stash a joyful of candy blue cheese pearly case the genious wallpaper brian is is the export chef wallpaper lasagna choose the wi-fi creatable the chase dressing and on to in lofa benoit that is basins let do is a workshop the create words the create or

- Joey B Toonz on Obese Airline Passenger Demands: Kind: captions Language: en I don't know we got people who want the airlines to widen the aisles of the airplane now so they can fit on the plane [Music] I mean look at her if your ass is two times the size of your carry-on you should go under the plane with the luggage I mean that's common sense the fact they don't do that shows that this whole overweight baggage fee is a scam many airlines still don't have clear policies in place to accommodate plus-sized passengers that's why I've started a petition calling on the FAA to require every airline to have a clear customer size policy in place for plus size passengers see now just because of this video I want the planes to be even smaller I want to suffer so that entitled people like this don't get what they want no one should have to endure the discomfort embarrassment and discrimination that often comes with being a plus-size passenger trying to navigate air travel you know I'd love to just sit on the couch for five years straight and treat my body like a garbage disposal then right when I get to the point where they have to remove the walls to get me out of the house I'll just assimilate back into society and demand that everyone who takes care of themselves to move everything around so I could function in society the world must revolve around me now you were supposed to prepare for me while I was growing by signing this petition you can help us demand that Airlines take concrete steps to make air travel more inclusive and accommodating for all passengers like they're going to hold a meeting and be like good morning everybody thanks for coming in today uh we just got word that a plus-sized passenger is booked a ticket with us and as you know we take pride in being inclusive to all our passengers so we're going to need to rebuild the plane it is what it is things that plus size Travelers hate when the tray table can't come down worrying about asking for a seatbelt extender having little to no room to move the airplane bathrooms

- Podcast #7 - Della's Raw Food Journey: Interview with Della Upsher: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hello and welcome to Lexi's healthy dynamic life I am Lexie and on today's podcast I have the pleasure of interviewing Della up sure della is from Delos broccoli journey she is a fabulous woman who went from failing health to thriving she's going to be a speaker at the UK fruit pass this year welcome done so nice to have you it's a pleasure to be here I really love it I really love it when people reach out them and you know want to know my journey with love me we're so glad you're here why don't you go ahead and tell us a little bit about yourself where you located and what's your story okay well I'm lucky to be well lucky or unlucky with this doctor and I live on high up on the mountain so I've got pure fresh air lots of land myself I it's insane Alicante up in the mountains I've planted a lot of trees last year and hoping they'll grow in my lifetime and I came into the journey it'll be six years in February why did I come into the journey at 59 I was looking after my husband with dementia and I was struggling I was finding it hard to bend at the knees to put his socks on I'd already had a triple heart bypass affright earth vertigo so many things I had wrong with me and here in Spain I do not speak the language and the doctor actually said to me you're a very she didn't speak fantastic English you're a very poly person and there's not a lot more we can do for you and the next thing would probably be stents I was struggling using a gmt spray to be able to do my chores and things never walk these mountains because i've never had the energy to do that and so that's me coming into this at this lifestyle how did you hear about using i was hoping that that would be you know because without practice questions i was hoping that that would be so what happened i am i had she since died I had my stepdaughter she was a similar age to me but I you know she was like a stepdaughter and sadly she said to me she said I'm not gonna enough I'm she had a massive heart attack she said I'm not gonna have stents and I'm not taking medication I said you crazy you know you've got to you've got to do what the doctors tell you and I said well where were you coming from and she said that she was reading up on the girls and diets and when she had all the equipment and everything she was gonna start this raw journey and so I read the Gerson from that day on I read and I read and I read but from the hour into reading about the Gerson diet and the girls and way I went wrong straightaway I realized that something clicked in my head and I just realized but I didn't follow the girls because it was like take your amalgams I'll do this do that so I just started reading and it was all similar things you know what it's like it's all sits in the thing I must admit I I was three lap and stone I didn't really worry too much about my weight because it was like three only it was obese I was classed as obese but it was only three stone and I don't know how many kilos that is and why was i leading without a forgotten where I was leading with that so the books that I actually read was saying to juice so and I wasn't doing it for Blake us it was not doing it for weight loss I was doing it for health so I started reading this book but it was a lot of them tryna won't say the book because I don't think it's fair to the Olfa that people might realize who it is it's all about taking supplements taking their supplements and juicing at first and it was costing an absolute fortune money that I just was throwing down the pound lots of enemies losses this that in the other and when I did 31 days of juicing I never ate anything in that 31 days are just juiced predominantly greens or maybe an apple when in for the flavor I lost all of my weight in that in that first six weeks never and I didn't want to lose all that weight I wanted so if I was doing this again I wouldn't have done the juicing I would have gone straight in it wasn't until eight months into my journey that I coached with Paul and Yulia just one or two I'd already had my experience I rock but I needed I felt I needed that little bit extra extra so I consulted with Paul and you Julia coupla times and in the very first hour they all the books I dredge like 80 books they in I don't know how I missed it they introduced me to the 80/10/10 diet by dr. gray um and that was it as soon as I started read it I realized I only need it needed my own cells and fruits vegetables nuts and seeds nothing else to be well and I've stuck with that because I do have a lot of people that like my advice and and it's always look if I go on the fruit diet will it make me lose my weight and what I say is forget about plates weight has to you know like take a back seat here it's all about it being our species specific diet and you know for our health reasons because for me it definitely was health reasons and that's it you know I've never ever looked back with I stick predominantly to to roll I've had a couple of live that slip-ups feel awful you know might a little bit of steamed vegetables or something I'm not saying you know anybody that can come off the standard American diet and actually do it you know even if it's with a little bit of steamed vegetables and an 80 percent more they're still gonna you know they need a medal basically and they're still gonna feel fantastic but not as fantastic as being a hundred percent role I love it thank you for sharing your journey and it sounds like you tried a couple of things until settling on the 80/10/10 diet and that's where you really felt thriving do you still juice now or do you eat all whole food no um I I went to AA because I don't say I think that we immense you actually eat our food you know but it's I was finding what I was finding because yes I have gone back to juicing and then because what I was finding even though I was five years into raw I was like I was missing out on cooked vote missing out on you know I had this craving I wanted things and it it didn't feel right and so because I felt like I was laughs I know it sounds silly because there is a lot of variety but I felt like I was lacking in variety and I started to do the game and but I change I seem to do fall out for long at something and then it changed but it'll always be and dr. gray of 80/10/10 doesn't really believe II believe it's okay with smoothies okay to eat the food but he's not really into juicing and so that's why I say because I always usually for 80/10/10 because it's Della's raw food journey if you look me up it's my journey my mistakes and everything and so I've been listening to a lot of POD podcast recently and I decided to put juicing back into my diet so in the morning I'd stir because what happens with me I I sleep fantastically lights out at ten o'clock because it's not just the dyad you know it's lights out ten o'clock I got like my my I've got no windows it's doors with monster terrors of them the door is left wide open the air is flowing no stale air in my in my room and then seven I wake up around I'd like to wake up at six thirty but it doesn't always happen like that but around that time I do I do you know when I before long or I would get up four or five times to go to the you know to go through a wager in the night I do still wake once in the night but I'm I'm sort of sleep I you know I wait once in the night and then I wake up at 6:30 in the morning and I have to wait I usually I must admit I wake up I go straight and get my iPads and have a look you know what messages I've got and then a fantastic thing happens I have to go to the Loom you know within 15 minutes of waking so if I wake in a dark within 15 minutes if I wake a 6:30 within 15 minutes and then I you know I just after that I just think it's amazing that I because before I just didn't go you know it could be three four days and I just automatically you know just go and then it's clothes on clothes on you know my music on and I'm out the door and I'm running and I'm running I can do a kilometer in around six minutes I can run a kilometer and I'm trying to beat but because I is a lot of mountain as well it's like wall crown and I've got it down to six kilometers in 50 minutes and then the end all four means the buzz because I was I was decrepit before I was I was at work in decline before and I really thought that I didn't have much my my father died young and I didn't really feel that I had much long longer but now I feel that I'm a work in progress I don't I don't worry about dying anymore I don't worry about obviously you know I I there's only so much you can change I was fifty nine when I actually came into this you know so it's already done heck of a lot of damage to my body and I feel better now because I've got you know you can see I've got the scarred down thoughts down the front of me where unstapled inside where I had the triple heart bypass I suffer with no triple ha I'd suffered with my heart no longer I don't I was on seven meds some of the meds twice a day and I don't take anything now why you know like I trained one thing and now I'm not on you know it you you get different medications for different for different things wrong and yet I don't need any of it anymore my blood pressure is perfect and I just I just feel like I'm flying and then so I might as well lead on from there so I have around 10:10 a.m. I prefer I would prefer to leave it to midday before I before I eat but for some reason when I came back from England because I like to be fifty kilos eight stone and for some reason when I came back from England I went through a healing crisis which I love to have my healing process because it just sets me up for going forward removing toxins from my body and but I lost a little bit of weight I went I dropped weight up that back down to seven stone sinks and you know if we underneath then we're not you know we're gonna we we have to eat the correct amounts of calories on the 80/10/10 diet or you know this is sort of diet and to get all our nutrients and everything in and so I went on chronometer I checked my amount of calories and I was only eating around 1,400 calories hence the way you know I dropped off me so I've worked two walls but since January since I came back from England I've worked on gaining in my weight you know everybody wants to lose weight I want again I wanted to gain weight so and and I do have many an anorexic followers and like just this morning I posted where I was seven eleven and now one seven thirteen which isn't just under fifty kilos and I'm so proud to that you know so I entered my calories on economy two again today to see where I'm at and because I've introduced they've got some fantastic dates and I introduced some dates back into my diner around 500 calories for 200 grams there's where you know what's helped with the weight gain so for me a day would be the juice which is about 14 to 16 ounces and what I try and have like 3/4 of the junk is got to be greens so it could be kale collard Swiss chard kale Swiss chard and the top is watercress you know in for health the top one is actually watercress I like the spiciness of watercress so you know because it's better for me then you know putting the knuckle of ginger in so those three definitely go in and then I might even put some broccoli in Swiss chard gives a lot of years but when I put kale and I notice I'm only getting like a tiny amount of juice for that and then I'll either just put an apple or two apples or I'll put an apple and two mandarins obviously our peeler mountains ah I love that juice and then my lunch time and I do stick to a food combining jar I know it off by heart now and then summer lunch time is it today was over a thousand nine hundred calories for lunch today I was nine hundred grams of mango two huge rangos nine undergrads fantastic and four hundred grams of bananas which was four bananas and 200 grams of raspberries and I'm like you know like when when I was young it was like hopeful fruits and I was like oh okay with my own thoughts that's how I am with my with that lunchtime bold and it's been the same Bowl for quite some time because you know I train I can't have it forever you know it because well with it with those three things I can get them but once the taste is not right I won't be having the many more and then serve recently up until last week from sort of November my pre dinner meal then was mandarins I just love my back you know they've got a taste right if they're not right you're going to come up with little ulcers in the mouths that go down by quickly but my my mouth actually tells me when something's not right and then that so that's three dinner it would be a big bowl of romaine lettuce around 200 grams of rape because I like my remain on its own I don't know why I just like my remain on its own so I'll have it with my pre-dinner fruit and so so recently it was my mum's rings and now and I'm thinking you know you'd think I'd know like five six years in what's gonna come in next I think you don't know what am I gonna do my man they're into finishing but cherries just come into season so it's like my lettuce and my cherries pre-dinner and then I will start feeling hungry about 40 minutes after that again after I finished around the 40 minutes and for me because I was strict I was strict until recently I didn't have any cruciferous vegetables you know things like cauliflower and things like that carrots it was a no-no for five years I didn't thought I was I was a leafy green guy but maybe that's why I was craving things about because I certainly don't crave anymore you know I'm in heaven with what I actually do alright it feels right to me so then my last meal is then probably and I'm just loving it and I'm having it every day and maybe you know they say variety but I'm not I've not done bad by you know sticking so similar most days you know so for me now and I just love it it's 400 grams of cauliflower on a bit on the bed of young tender spinach cauliflower and then sweet red pepper you know the long ones sliced I like chunky I like that crackers my teeth you know that they were I did have pyuria bleeding gums and my teeth were loose and now my teeth are a lot of them are not mine I must admit they're you know like most of them are but you know I've got a couple of little teeth where I've lost my teeth because I'm 65 but my teeth are stronger so I like the crunch of the cauliflower I don't like it when I make it into a rice I like it like the chunkiness so then what I do then I make an amazing socks keeping I tried to keep it around 10% fat which is 80/10/10 that because my skin I love everything but my skin hasn't it's been dry it's not felt you know and I listen to a podcast and it said maybe we should about fat a little bit because my fat was around six seven percent all the time and now my fact is around 10 11 percent and my skin is starting to it does stop it is not feelings looking so dry so and what goes into my sauce I said I used to stick to one fat but I now put two fats because you know it if you're I have one fat one day one fat the next day one fat the next day it doesn't work out it doesn't work out so good for me so it's raw tahini just a tablespoon of raw tahini and half a tablespoon of pinch hemp seeds or if I want if I want 9% it's that you know if I want around 11% I can add a whole tablespoon of hemp seeds and I've got a little blender that goes in the blender with some just two pieces of dried tomatoes that have been soaked - it's a herd from the garden Bowser to two leaves not too much to quite big leaves of basil then my tablespoon of him my tablespoon of thyme he need and one stick of celery goes in and it makes it should I say meaty it makes it chunky it makes it you know that gets blended with some lemon cuz you know it won't blend otherwise some lemon goes in with that and I must Sarge that into my salad and then I top it with little cherry tomatoes but then I you know I've got a few different ways that I actually do it and that's my that's my dinner then and then I know it's wrong because they say after throat I did for five years you know I did it all hundred percent correct but I still feel like something maybe half an hour 45 minutes later and I have some dates some of the Dryad they're off the tree they're straight off the tree on mistakes forgotten the name of them and they they're a little bit drying you know and that's it for me I don't drink any I know it first of all I will say that the sodium content in the food needs to be kept low so my sodium and because one thing that I do wrong really but I don't care is that I have Bragg's Liquid aminos now you know it's touted as being fantastic but it's made from I forget what it's made from but it's it's got sodium and it's not sold because if I eat salt my blood pressure rises as soon as I have anything salty my blood pressure rises if I you know because I have cheated five or six times or maybe ten times no more than ten and I've had a handful of crisps and I think wow you know and I do my blood pressure usually a perfect 120 and it's up to 150 you know so I keep my my sodium level and to around a thousand milligrams so that's on chronometer that would be about 46% so and my the sodium is in fruit as well we do not need the brands I do not need the brand's I'm getting plenty of salt from my fruits and vegetables but I just I reintroduce it back in another thing that I do said I'm not using as much is that I've got spray container and I got half water and half francs so you know I can add twice as much but I'm only a being half as much really because I've put the board's over there usually when I vented my food on to chronometer I don't need any water I'm getting a hundred a hundred and twenty percent water so if my natures cure practitioner actually said to me because I have been with the nature killer practitioner it's back to nature for me it's never doctors if I can help it and it's never medications what would I do in nature what you know and I do what nature's cure advises me and for some reason she asked me to drink the minimum amount of water and I went one better than ah I didn't drink any water for four months any water at all because I could see that I was getting a hundred and twenty percent one hundred and sixteen percent water from my food and when I had blood tests the kidney values the gap of filtration was it was either 76 or 80 tone I couldn't believe it was back up to the maximum of 90 without water you know and we're supposed to drink water to keep us alive when I see people you know say you know I drink two liters of water before I start you know but I'm not saying for anybody to start this diet and stop drinking water it would kill you you know and I was 4 years in or 3 years three or four years in before I you know was told about min you know to drink the minimum of water and but I noticed today that when I entered my phone because I'm not having the mandarins my water intake was 86% so I sold okay I'm gonna add a 16-ounce glass of water to this today or a coconut I prefer you know a huge 14 but I've only got one coconut here so until won't know I can have a coconut was a go shopping tomorrow so I prefer to have 14 ounces of fresh coconut and drink that and then that took my water content up to a hundred and 16 percent so that's that's that's it really that's how I do things and and I do do my son baths 20 minutes each side in the nodes in the safe zone you know I don't go out there and burn although you know I have got a nice time I go in I try and go out in the Sun sort of between a half nine and ten o'clock when I come back from my run I've just I'm really lucky I have an infrared sauna in the house and I have a sauna some days I have a sauna have a shower and then go out and do my Sun bath and sometimes it might even do a hip bath ice-cold water when the where there's can't do it when it's cold because because I roll my temp core temperature is a little bit lower than when I you know stuffing my I was stuffing myself with hot food and it's not the heat that does it it's the mechanics of the body that you know makes the temperature because we're struggling this we the white blood cells and everything we are struggling and now I don't struggle my my core temperature is I've been bit lower so it will I've got a hip back a big like container that's like a little mini bath and I will put ice and water in there plunge my only my hip area my legs will be out of my hips will be in the hip path why do I do this because even though I'm five six years in Tharoor I'm still not you know I've got a lifetime 59 years of disease in my body that needed to be cleaned it needs to be clean so what happens you plunge this area and I was told I have a lot of waste in my waist area and in the heat goes to that part of the body and it thinks oh I better start doing a little bit of work on this part of the body and that's so I do do that as well most days and skin brushing my skin is like leather a must admit you know it's I did stop because somebody said to me I posted I always post my god day online because you know I show a photo of me of the shade me before going raw and even when I was my youngest I never had an hourglass figure I never had a waist even though I was only sort of a turn-off stone I was aiming from what I've got now and 64 you know my body you know obviously I've got my wrinkles I've got my you know I'm not trying to be young but when I posted my dodgy like I cut my head off the other day I've just posted my body and somebody actually said yesterday if you you know they passed comment and they said della if you was to dye your hair you look 15 years younger and my response was for health reasons I'm never going to dye my hair again you know because it's dangerous it's the top sins that we take in that I'm working my damnedest to get out of my body and if I start dyeing my hair my head burning you know from the from the toxins no I'd rather age race fillet I did stop wearing moisturizer I always used an oil you know what I can eat I used on my body and I use and I love my face if any of you know I don't like coconut oil it's too greasy so it might be rose oil or almond oil or you know something like that on my face but my I noticed the bottom parts of my legs they needed a cream you know they were like my cuz I said you know it says that the body works from the inside well it weren't working for my legs so ivory introduced as natural because the less the less things on the actual container the better you know and my legs are looking fantastic again you know I have only been moisturizing for the last few days and I haven't got that leathery look to my skin anymore you know so that's me I work on me 100% I'm living on my own when my son lives in another part of the property I live on my own and I work a hundred percent on on me basically and I you know I'm reaping the rewards from doing it for me think I'm so so grateful that you share your story in such great detail it was really powerful to hear about your journey from failing health to thriving and I think that's something that a lot of our listeners can resonate with I know I can I came to raw food specifically for weight loss but it wasn't just that I was suffering with migraine headaches digestive issues joint pains muscle aches problems sleeping like the list is goes on and and so I think that it's just amazing to see how we were able to reverse your disease by changing your diet and I'm just curious was it ever presented to you as an option for treatment to change your diet when you said you had procedures and medications did they ever offer to change it you know you know this stall right on the front of me and I've had my legs I thought the veins ripped out to my legs my heart's been flat on the table and there was no computer I didn't use a computer when I am out I was only in my fault days I don't research or anything and what happened to me is I was struggling I you know I'm struggling it's buried I've never been able to breathe via my nose always via my knives and I'd had a few angiograms and I would you know what angiograms are where they go into you know and they sent me home they said I was fine but I was still struggling and for some reason the doctor stopped or something on the angiogram and he took me back into hospital and asked me to go back in to recheck and I was I'm a bit of a flirt you know I'm not you know I'm a flirt and I was watching the screen because I was awake when we would do in here and we were getting on really well he was just about to tell me I'm wrong I can't find it's what I thought was wrong and I went into cardiac arrest I died and I was resuscitated and I was told yeah and I was told that oh you can't go home we have to what will happen you were just if we let you go home you could just drop dead you would not have had a heart attack or anything you were just drop dead if somebody's there to resuscitate you you'd get up and walk away but there's not many that's gonna resuscitate you we need to do a triple heart bypass and I accepted this no I accepted this didn't have to have a triple arc bypass all I needed to do was begin and Chris Paul they do they give you an a bull and you go you know for exercise afterwards but the book says lean meat lean this less of this it's not correct we need to we have to unlearn to really learn we have to throw everything in our past you know everything we've been taught us to go out of the window and I would I would just say this because I didn't I I was brought up by my mother and father my father begged me he died at 59 he begged me to help him I didn't have a clue back then my mother was putting some peas some frozen peas a little bit of mashed potato and a little bit of meat less than what be dads you know like previously but still the same I my poor dad died at 59 so as for me I was healed from eight years old I had my tonsils removed that didn't need to happen I was fed the wrong food it's and it's not the food it is it is the food we have to give up that food and eat the correct food and our own bodies will its own so at the age of eight I was very poorly I had my tonsils removed with the tonsils are there for a reason I wanted I had very small babies they were I want two children I lost a lot of children I had very small four pounds eight four pound ten ounce babies because of my lifestyle lucky they're strapping lads now but then I when I was 30 I went to Greece and they eat a lot of chicken peri-peri in grace I didn't know I was a couple of months pregnant I ate a lot of chicken peri-peri when I went from first lots of scammers they sent me we're really really sorry your baby you've got toxoplasmosis Sebastian Cole is my age he had it at that time and they said your baby would be born the worst worst you know it love the worst deformities that it could ever have and it's been caused by eating undercooked meat or you've been around cats pieces I wasn't drunk at I was eating a lot of chicken peri-peri did I think you've got to stop eating this meat you know meat is dangerous no because I'd always eat me you know ate meat I knew about diets and things but only for look for weight loss not our species specific diet so I lost luck luckily they said they wanted me to have it terminated and if that's the right word and I said give me the weekend to think about it and I had a miscarriage anyways so I didn't have to go through having a termination so then I carried on you know I carried on eating meat and then a few years ago I can't another I called Ecola by E coli and an e coli was pulled by a dodgy kebab meat again but I still didn't do bugger all about it you know I just carried on as you know and I've try I did try certain diets to lose a couple of stone and then I just before I went wrong I because I've looked after my husband my husband had dementia they sent him home to die and the amazing things I did with my husband for the last few years of his life at back out the wheelchair walk the wheelchair was in the back of the cupboard you know my husband knew me up until nine days before he died you know wrong through going wrong the reason my husband died is because he would have you know I'm not saying it I we got rid of the dementia it was because I was too afraid to take him off his last medication which was watering and he that's what he died of and I've been overdosed with Wolverine and getting pneumonia and if I wanted to take him to India very early on and I didn't have the money to do it had I've taken into India they would have told me like the hospital dead three months before he died no he never needed to stay on that water in now I've been told by the doctors that he had a valency placement and it was a pink valve and did he have to stay on that warrant it wasn't true so but where was I going with this so it wasn't until my stepdaughter actually said what she was intending to do that I started researching reading the lights came on and I know that at least and I spelling the word now I do not need to earn a living I do not need to write books I'm lucky because I've got an income a passive income from property and something I like you know like we've got a monkey on her shoulder you know our mind is the monkey and it you know well I something makes me post and I show off I show my body you know I and I never ever joined anybody to my Facebook page and I've got nearly 2,000 followers now or like-minded people and one well one actually was going to have a triple bypass I said look please ask they give you a month of tone to try this diet they got back to me but I lost you know I'd lost if I could I should have I didn't share it earlier on in mine Della's raw food journey and they came off the medication they didn't need the triple art by class and that could have happened for me as well you know so it is our species specific diet you know the more we should what we should be doing is eating from you know straight from the trays each insulin satisfied but we don't live in that world now so any which way that and I don't I don't eat I don't worry about my Malcolm fillings I don't worry about the staples down the front of my chest and I'd certainly don't worry about eating all organic because it's just some people become afforded that some countries it's not there did I worry any any time before I went raw no so yes if I was in a country where I had a choice I would go all organic but you know if I'm on my spinach and it's in a packet and it's not organic I'm gonna have it Anna earlier on I was only sort of two years into wrong I had a diagnostic body scan to see you know apparently it Flags up when you got things wrong when you got worms and I did have worms and I would suggest I take a tablet called lumper that's the only tablet I ever take if I've been around animals you can guarantee I've got worms you know if I've got cats got worms so every now and again I will take a three day course you know there is other ways to clear the body but I think to fit you know all our education I talk from 30 to 59 I'm not gonna worry about taking this medication which was advised by an an alternative doctor and what he actually said to me is when he did the diagnostic body scan its I've never seen such a clean body of you know toxins and you know they're from the food and things like that your body is really clean and it is from then that I never worried about yeah so one of the most frequent questions I am asked about eating raw fruits and veggies as are you getting everything you need and like you satis are species specific diets so of course we're getting everything we need and and sometimes even more water more nutrition than is required so it's really just amazing to hear oh you shifted that yeah um I have had blood tests you know I'm I don't they the thing is there's two things that we might have to take an unforeseeable I'm gonna say my blood test this time were not hundred percent perfect my homocysteine levels was slightly high and I have got a problem I have had a problem previously with Mahara I have had a particular heart bypass so my homocysteine levels were a little bit high and my vitamin D you even know I've got the Sun my vitamin D levels were look were just slightly lower it goes from twenty to a hundred but we should be around fifteen own higher than about sixteen a mine was nineteen so so my homocysteine my vitamin D was and my two of my cholesterol cholesterol were a little bit higher as well but when we work because if the ratio goes into it so many times it's less likely to be a problem and my ratio used to be like three times but now it's five or six times so that made me feel a little bit better so what I will be doing but I can't do it while I'm on lockdown is I'm so I went with our Lea she's a raw vegan doctor I did a consult with alia recently because obviously she stopped being a doctor she didn't want to prescribe medication anymore so now she's forget forgotten what it is it's when you you you're in a lab and you you look at slides and things so nice to me and this is why I started doing the juice in her advice was had kale I've known so I also might be 12 I wasn't I wasn't using anything I might be 12 the b12 changes with different blood tests at one time wasn't using anything my b12 or 600 the next test I had it was only 200 and then the next test I had this last test it was 500 so and that was without using anything but her advice to me was to get my homelessness team back to normal adding more greens more dark I said what I asked you know romaine lettuce and she said it's okay but you need like charge you need arugula you need the other one that I said earlier the watercress and you know you need to add all goes into the diet and but and also I'd like you to take the b12 supplements so my supplement and it worked for Brian and it's worked for other people that I recommend it's it's it's the right one it's got the cold room in in it and it's it's a b12 booth spray by Hollander barracks and they said I think it's a thousand IU and this will but I wanted to be natural and not far though you know but I started taking the b12 again it don't it's not harmful to the body just to be on the safe side and most of us and the thing is it's not meat that gives us our b12 but it's what they have fed into the meat that gives up where do you think them you know the the the sheep or the cow gets you know it eats the same as we do it eats grass than that so you know but if it's what the they pump into there that give has got the b12 minute and also other things like flower you know I just don't quote me but you know we've got no rights they actually puts things in our food to give us you know like what do they put in the water and this is why I don't drink water from the tap you know there's not smelling it you know the chloride in the water I use distilled water when I do drink water I use distilled water when I soak things and so I will take the vitamin b12 now even though my vitamin D was lacking a little bit he said you live in the sunshine let's see if you go out in the sunshine you which I was doing but I must if you look at Della's raw food journey and this happened to me this was I've had cancer skin cancer recently on my face it was horrendous if you if you look back on my photos you will see I my face was literally ripped right down on for Dark Knight I really thought I was gonna be badly disfigured and but it was from unsafe not from the you know having safe safe stuff we need the vitamin D you know I when I was 16 because this is how they explained it to me is that when I was 16 I used to fry myself I used to slap on you know and refill air and I remember somebody saying touching me once and saying to me you were burnt you know you need to get out of the Sun and I just and I was horrendously in agony from and I really do feel that it's a lifetime incoming so I do still I won't not go out in the Sun but you know I do my say son and then I wear a hat I cover up I cover my arms and everything and I don't let my staff have masses of some but I'm not going to fear when I go out in the morning I actually don't wear glasses when I run no because my eyesight has it's not have not come down in strength but I haven't gone up in strength since and I've gone from wearing sunglasses I've never wear sunglasses anymore it's important that I get some you know in my eyes so in the morning the sun is shining but this is eight o'clock in the morning I actually blink at the Sun when I'm running and so yeah I would advise especially know everybody's being lost indoors and they've proven and I don't really want to talk about the corona virus I don't watch the telly because it was making me ill in the very beginning and but they are finding that everybody that they have tested as black in in vitamin D and they go into B if they've been locked in the house and vitamin D is a very very important part of our health so I would recommend that if you're not in the Sun that you get tested for vitamin D deficiency taken bitumen D but do your research on it you know with the I'm not going to recommend I want to take because I have been doing a little bit of research on that and I think that we not only need freedom in d3 there's another one that is in with the vitamin d3 and I'd not got that to mine to actually to tell people you know yeah thank you for sharing all of that about how to make sure our nutrition profile is adequate and complete to achieve optimum health and so you mentioned that you started taking a b12 supplement besides the blood work reflecting that change did you notify the other physical changes I can't go and retest until we come out of lockdown so but all I'm gonna retest for is vitamin b12 because we need that to have gone up vitamin b12 vitamin D and my homocysteine levels and the to cholesterol so that were you know we're a little bit higher but I believed body is made up that that well the brain is 75% cholesterol and I'm not eating any foods with cholesterin you know when when I enter my foots on chronometer there's nothing with if I was to put some meat on there or something obviously Colette I would have cholesterol so what cholesterol is in my body body is producing it I'm not adding it into my body and you know I've spoken to and because my numbers go in so many times now I when I know I'm not further I know that you know I know what it feels like because I was saying earlier on in the conversation that I could never be pleased by oh my nose did you know that we're supposed to shut her mouth and breathe that in and out by our nose we should have been bought up doing that I didn't know that so just recently because when I run I have no problem with the breathing but I am V breathing by a my mouth of my nose and just you know I practice now keeping my mouth shut and I'm breathing via my nose in and out by uh my nose and I'm getting the most tranquil peaceful feelings from doing this I've tried to do it when I run and it's impossible because I'm running really fast I need my mouth and you know it maybe one day I'll be I want to enjoy my run and if I if I'm practicing people my mouth clouds that my no you know and breathe environment knows I'm not running as fast I'm not getting the bus that I so I decided no because the little hairs in now nose are there for a reason and obviously if a kind of cars are passing me because I ran on a mountain I run uphill a lot of the way well walk up the hill a lot of the ways 73% running and the rest is walking but when I'm in the town and I know this cars I will definitely close my mouth and breathe via my nose because the hairs in my nose are feeding you know keeping out so I really it's so many things that I like research and I love I love moving one step further from what I'm actually achieving um so I will have the blood tests and see I've introduced the juicing back in and you know the the greens although my greens are going in my juice in the morning but the the kale and the color on those greens of going in my juice in the morning so whether that's gonna work for me and I will let you know I I do I post I seem to have to post something on my today let's Rolfing Joanie every day and I've never had any nastiness you know never really had any bad comments and I I get a lot of motivation from some of my followers some of my followers have been with me and they're so intelligent and I better not name any names one is going for a degree in reflexology and she's doing you know like the food and yet she needs me to you know she needs my encouragement and it's fantastic really you know and then I've got another lady that we need each other and they motivate whether if I don't do my life or I don't do a video because I usually do a live most days but I've stopped for some reason recently I've not done and I do get about 10 or 12 that come in on my life the same trans people and because we're all predominantly raw and I might get two or three hundred people look at the video cousin like many as 160 in in a few hours so I know that what I'm doing is helping somebody else many I have noticed which is very sad that when I started when I I started with Facebook I had maybe fifty seven family and friends and so the rest are followers and I've noticed my family and friends do not comment on my raw food journey they do not click like on my daily raw food journey they I might put a funny caption on there you know like and I get likes so it does you know I do know that there's not you know that ninety nine because I'm only one percent of the population being a raw raw I hate calling myself I like to say I'm Sunkist you know like not a raw vegan that I some kiss because you know everything I eat has been kissed by the Sun and a problem to got that from somebody else you know listening to their podcasts hate being called a role because I never went in and into it to be a role begun although now I feel fantastic and I don't new to use any other living animal to give me my protein or anything that I need and I've come to accept that a lamb or a sheep is same as my cats yeah which I got or a dog which I haven't got any longer you know I feel good that because I really do feel that we was put on this earth Ivan had the to it really bad illness tears losing a baby and nearly died in with the e.coli I should have been told by because that was your question earlier on and I bled on to other things no they no none of the doctors about education regarding what we should eat and I will give you one more example of this if I go into it a healing process which so a healing crisis we all need you know like this flu virus now we need to have this film violence we need to we need to be answered by our antibodies you know to fight it often and it's the earliest myself 59 wouldn't have lived through the corona virus if I'd have called the corona virus it would have seen me off because my immune system couldn't have fault couldn't have fought this off so my teaching is that I when I have that kid boss I want to have a healing crisis I want to bring on a hill of healing crisis that healing crisis could be in the form of flu or cold it is there for a reason and so then if I raise the temperature above thirty seven point one I'm congratulated by my practitioner she says right that is it you your body is going through healing mode don't want you to go to that don't use technology if you want to read read a book you know switch off from the world take it to your bed sip water as needed and fast for three days and then what happens the body heats up the blood keeps our and it carries past toxins because I my body when I started law if you imagine my body as a been and my bin was up to here and this is what's happening with the world right there bin is up to here they come down with the corona virus and they'd been over flowers and they're dying in the thousands in the millions no different from when they died of the flu so my bin was after there couldn't really volume analysis on all these medications couldn't walk and then slowly as I get a healing crisis my body throws off and he pulls it down it pulls there you know so that the biddin is only two here and then another healing crisis tapes adapter there and another healing process and so over time it's down in my waist area now not up in my up in the top of my body so that that three day fast so if I have to use the den when I had the cancer on my face I said do not put me out it was the wrong thing because I thought it was a tiny little mark on my face and I didn't realize they were gonna rip my face you know like come down in a bee flap it back and do what they had to do so I know this sounds awful but I didn't have be put out very lucky that I wasn't put out because he came that the scar is right to my eye if I did not stopped in him I my I would be disfigured now because that's what happens to a lot of people when they have the operation that I had after the operation I wouldn't take any painkillers at all because I would have been putting toxins in my body I just had to suffer the play and but I did use hop not on my face I put a hot compress around my neck and that seemed to relieve the action pain if I and if I've had to have teeth extracted about to a you know a bridge put a grid not a bridge a root you know and people say again against root canals you know I've got root canals in in my mouth I don't want to do what my brother and sister have to do and put teeth in and and take him out you know so after I've had the procedure I do not take I've even had my teeth done where I've not had the injection because it's the last thing in the body first thing out so then I fast you know because I want that toxin back out of my body I don't wait healing crisis I fast for one or two days and then get back on with my life again and I you know I I'm not taking any medication because I know that it is that and this you know I will have to be good take and screaming if they want to give me a vaccine I stopped my flu jab six years ago and what my flu jab do for me for the 15 years I was taking it it gave me the flu you know straight afterwards he gave me the flu since I've not taken it I do get my heat wipe my flu I need to have that phone I need if I suppress it with medication and Lars and Joseph this that the other is putting more waste in my body and it's making my bidding go up to there so that's it that's Mike you've had everything thrown at you well I think that I've covered most things you know and it feels good it is thank you so much so do you have any laughing words of wisdom and the advice or takeaways for listeners today about why eating fruit and raw foods is so important to learn well we need when we bowl when we're born our body is 99% water I might be wrong don't ever you know don't even listen 100% because I you know I I get my tit bits and I say it as I want to say it so whether we born our God he's a 99% water if we were fed I was this specific diet of mainly predominate fruit the we would have been getting the 99% water in our body and so over time because we're eating cooked foods and we're eating the wrong foods we're stripping but our body of that 99% from the day we born with iron in but it's how we do it like I was dying before now I am flying you know I'm gonna walk into my grave but over the years this is what is happening to us we are depleting our body of its water so the only food that it's gonna give us that water is fruit and vegetables vegetables have water in it you know vegetables cut so this is where it's come about you know probably not the same way as I've explained in there but it's because it's the only thing so if we if we add some rice that is depleting our body of its water and then we think you know we got a drink two liters of water did you know that water doesn't go into the same town always there as the fruit goes it goes into a different you know it gets taken in by in the body a different way so it's never gonna give us what fruit would give us so and also it's that monkey mind you've got to stop that monkey mind you are in control of what you do and it's easy for me it's easy easy easy for me because I was dying in I was very ill I was on that I was you know I passed my sell-by date my my my body was so compromised you know and for me to feel the difference this is why I can sit in front of you I don't sit here with I don't have palpitations from a heart anymore I couldn't go outside I have to have the aircon on I couldn't sit here and preach here if I still app was compromised in my body I'm not all the things I've got wrong with me and yeah give up the coals which is anything that we are eating apart from fruits vegetables nuts and seeds nuts and seeds have to be in moderation because it's fact any fat in the body is is bad fat if it's over a certain amount and that's why the fat has to be kept around 10 percent or just a little bit higher than 10 percent and then what slopes like my arteries that I'd love to have another Allen gia ground but I'd probably never will because you can die up in an underground you can lose your leg I didn't know this but I could have actually lost when I was in recovery after I had seven angiograms so I was I was playing Russian roulette seven times the last time I was put on the walls the woman in the next bed had a table and leg amputated because of having so what's more severe you know what is more severe giving up crap you know the standard American diet do you know SOS you know no salt no so what is it though SOS stands for do you know what is this so we've got to give up those those things salt soy sugar and and everything you know that because everything biscuits and everything and unprocessed food of all gods so to to keep it on the shelf you know and and you know even us vegans I would even say you know they making vegan burgers is that that's not the ideal but it's better than what we were doing you know it's not gonna give us the pinnacle of health but it is gonna take us let that been he's gonna empty and how far down you want that been to empty so say there was a 15 year old or a 10 year old person listening to me now and they didn't have like the wrinkled skin you know they hadn't aged from defeat in their body of the water from the phone from the fruit they probably you know are gonna look fantastic they gather up the hourglass figure you know they're gonna look you know they're gonna have the perfect BMI the perfect weight and they're never gonna have to worry about starving themselves for I don't starve I eat I can't starve I need to eat you know and I can have what I want basically I really cannot what I want and it feels and when I eat that fruit Jun's trying I could eat another bowl in another bowl and then I could just live on that throat yeah so so delicious and I just want to thank you so much Stella for sharing your story and your words of wisdom for us today it's been such a pleasure listening to your experience I know I can resonate with so much of what you've shared and I hope our listeners can too so thank you Thank You Teresa and thank you to all the listeners for joining us on this journey and I wish you all a happy healthy and dynamic day

- Weight loss at work at Salo: Kind: captions Language: en this summer two new weight loss plans caught our attention and the first one created quite a buzz around our office how can you shed those pounds when you're tied to your desk all day well 2020 has the first word on a new study about working out while you work and it actually works here's deborah roberts elaine cake oh no thanks it's walter's special day remember the cake pushers on seinfeld have a piece all right pile it on it's easy to pile on the pounds in a nine to five world there's always an abundance of food we're a high energy group we all like the rewards of candies treats snacks just ask amy langer and john folkstead who run celo a fun-loving employment placement firm in minneapolis where food makes for a happy environment the company's doing well but the bottom line isn't all that's growing so are waistlines the average salo worker puts on 10 pounds in their first year and it's not just eating that's the problem the entire company spent its day on its bottom like a lot of companies like nearly every company in the modern world have we done these kind of projects obesity expert dr jim levine says that sedentary work environment is making us fatter and less healthy than ever before in fact when we first met him at the mayo clinic he'd made an astounding discovery obese people have a tendency to sit two and a half hours more a day than thinner people he was so blown away that dr levine's now on a mission to get people out of their chairs last september he literally transported his lab to salo it really is an extra 140 calories an hour for you launching a six-month study to see if a moving office could actually help workers lose weight hi everyone 2020 got the first look inside this ultimate office makeover with state-of-the-art treadmill desks we tracked six of the 18 employees who volunteered to participate including john and amy you know the thing about having a six-pack i've got a keg since they started the company john's weight has yo-yo he's close to 70 pounds overweight and amy's been battling the bulge around her midsection since giving birth to three kids in four years the twins have gave me a lot of extra to work at working moms peggy demews and cj dubay both want to drop about 10 pounds and larry revere and craig dexheimer also want to shed the extra weight they've packed on sitting at computers i'm hoping to lose 15 pounds maybe 20 pounds i've been for the last 10 years sitting at a desk for most of the day and just thinking if i could get up and do something hey thomas it's amy langer now they can right at a desk john and amy took to the new contraption right away this is simple it's as easy as walking and chewing gum is it strange walking on a treadmill while you're working on the computer and talking on the phone yeah it takes a little bit to get used to but you're walking slow enough so you're not out of breath when you're on the phone or you're not breaking a sweat since the treadmill only goes up to two miles an hour no need to kick off your heels but look around the theme here is jim chic even in the conference room where they hold yes walking meetings and if you can't get on a machine no problem dr levine advised the group to walk and talk hey tom john folks at calling a salo anything to keep moving oh and these low intensity movements can burn an extra 100 to 150 calories an hour once you start moving you just don't stop because that's what your body wants to do i think many of us would like our own permanent treadmill desk which would dramatically increase the number of hours we're on us right but they're not cheap though no in fact at around four thousand dollars the average person can't afford them so some have gotten creative even showing off their homemade moving desks on the internet then we got a leaf from my dining room table and just plugged it right over and it fit right over the rails perfectly sharon odum of houston texas made her own treadmill desk she was finally able to shake the massive weight she put on after giving birth to triplets the weight started to just melt away because it was so easy so easy that in a year and a half she's lost nearly 50 pounds and they've had success at salo too so who all lost weight all about everything six months later amy's down 12 pounds and three dress sizes nearly everyone reached their goals and say they gained a lot more energy by simply walking a few extra hours a day peggy lost 14 pounds and cj lost 11 pounds and 10 of her body fat as for the men craig lost 25 pounds and lowered his cholesterol i did all this by coming to work never joined a gym larry dropped 20 pounds and now needs a new wardrobe john is down 24 pounds and hopes to lose 50 more i haven't changed my diet per se so it's just really more activity in fact activities expected from nearly anyone who shows up here even if it's to do an interview so is this the is this the future i think it obviously is if we can create a world where offices are doing better and the employers are becoming healthier we've got a golden solution and here it is when 2020 returns will this diet aid do it just sprinkle it on and dig in it's a wonderful thing people believe what they want to believe next

- Jennifer Hudson Launches Her New Book: Kind: captions Language: en when I teamed up with Weight Watchers I never but I guess there's so many people were watching and it's like if I can help somebody else along their journey then I'm all for it and so that's the purpose of the book you get the full on experience the story even even growing up you know with weight battles and things like that or although all of those things or that mindset of how did I how did I get started what changed my mind and why isn't your mind changing it's just like my my tricks of the trade and maybe you'll find your own like guiding you into your own way of okay how do I make this work for me because my journey is going to be different from hers and and then someone else's from my experience i'm explaining like okay this is what i did now find your version and do what works for you and your weight loss journey you got to start by making up your mind and focusing on like you got to be real with yourself you have to look into your reality you have to be honest with yourself and it's a process you have to think you through and say okay what I want to do now how do i do it and get it done it takes time is nothing that's going to happen overnight but each person is different I know this for myself it was while I was pregnant with my baby and I'm like going on I don't want to wear this I have my baby what am i wearing the same clothes before you to me so that was a realization for myself and said you gotta believe it and then you have to go for it I always have to go with this one getting out of the diet mentality it is not about depriving yourself it's about educating yourself in a healthy way trust the plan as simple as that I feel like boy watches has helped me become far more organized after i'm done tracking my boys I'm like okay if if something as simple as structure helped me conquer something like this well what if I apply this to the rest of my life I've always known how to be a plus-size girl now I have to get used to being then this new person and who is she what's my style I don't agree persist it's like getting to know yourself all over again so it's different on a lot of different levels now as oh my god she looks so amazing and then oh yeah she sound great too whereas before I was just wow she hasn't amazing for she's talented now it's like that's taking the backseat to the new me it's weird but it's a beautiful thing at the same time I want to inspire other people do this and then from there I inspire my family I'm inspiring my hometown next time it's gonna be your hometown your hometown you're a hometown and then it's gonna be the whole world it means so much to me to see so many people inspired by my journey and then to see them achieve their own like I get chills I I cry every time my cousin comes and sits every time I see her and tells me about her journey and how it's changed their life and how now she's she's gonna have another 10-20 years on her life when I took their first step on my own journey I had no idea of how many other people will be inspired by that to take their own stuff starting their own journey hey this is jennifer hudson and i'm coming to your town to sign my new book I got this the book tells my story including the changes I had to make to lose what weighed me down both figuratively and literally I have learned so much about myself in the process and I really want to share what inspired me to live my life differently check out weight watchers facebook page for more information

- Pippa has lost 26 kilos with Marion Mizzi programme.: Kind: captions Language: en I just want to motivate everybody who has a weight problem other large ladies and gentlemen are supposed to who have a weight problem because as much as you try to pitch as though I'm happy as I am no you know a person with a weight problem he's trying to cover it up and I just wanted to do this to motivate people that it is possible it is possible hi my name is de peche where I found them I'm 62 years old and I'd like to consider myself as one of Mario's success stories have in the past six months I have lost twenty six kilos something that I never thought would be possible ba the Atkinson diet the sim passed via the cabbage diet you name it we've been there we've done it got the t-shirt but quite frankly the diet that has really worked with me IFS Merriman sees Dionysus in combination of the recipes is the treatments which are great I mean lovely treatments I mean I myself I like the muscle stimulation I have used a lot of a lot of the recipes I started off with thee with the purple book because there are three books available when you start once given the purple book and then this Maltese book on this the blue book we've got the three of them and I am one onto the blue book and the recipes are to die for I made last week the cottage pie it came so good that my husband my son-in-law disappointed that they were not going to eat from it what I thought so good was the fact that the recipes are so delicious they are they are tasty they're not bland and it's likely eating normal food it's not your vegetables and grilled chicken or you know tofu salad every day would you not be the last you know the therapist have always asked you know what's your what to be cooked today and I find that they have motivated one from sticking to just plain playing the menus there was just something that they would try it you know and I'll go over that I'll flick through the book to find it and I'll try it whoever I show this book to they all tell me the same thing is this a diet book for seven is that there are the the tablets which I found also very good because I firmly believe that the old that one gets your metabolism does slow down at the time you think that it's a challenge in order to achieve but you can't achieve it

- 1995 Tumescent 20/20 Liposuction 1995 - ABC: Kind: captions Language: en on the day before her surgery Christy is thrilled and her husband is supportive Tyler my husband he had to go on a business trip this morning and when he left he left rather early and I was still laying in bed and um all a he opened up the blanket and kissed both my thighs and he said goodbye and I said a good riddens I'm am very excited so I can't wait think it be great it's a very patient oriented technique good morning good morning how are you see you in a bit okay I'll see you a bit right to this door okay great okay we're going to come in here and get your Vital Signs and take your body temperature take two I'll give you a copy of these when we're all done great what I always wanted now let have you turn around and face the other direction okay sometimes the biggest problem with this is the people laugh too much oh before beginning the surgery Dr Klein draws two kinds of lines on Christy's body the round circles identify the deepest fat areas the straight lines tell the nurses where to inject the anesthetic solution now I know what a coloring book feels like you don't need to the patient is draped with a St sheet and we'll start doing lipos well goodbye thighs I'm so sorry we have to we have to do this we have a cheer in here it's called hip hip away now the incisions are very small they're just little Nicks in the skin with very small canulas so I make multiple ones under local anesthesia Christy feels no pain while Dr Klein Works to remove the fat hello yes I'm very happy and she's even comfortable enough to talk on the phone while he works well thank you you know he's doing it right right now as we speak and I don't yes no I don't I feel the only thing I feel is the pressure of his hand and that's about it Dr Klein himself has performed more than 6,000 tumescent liposuctions with no complications in fact in this country there have been no reported deaths and very few reported injuries that safety record has turned past critics into cheerleaders she's not holding her stomach in here this is a totally natural uh New York's Dr Gerald Pitman is one of the top plastic surgeons in the country he has authored a book about liposuction and is a strong advocate of tessent technique the tessent technique has the advantages of providing complete local anesthesia it reduces blood loss it reduces swelling it increases the rapidity of recovery and it reduces post-operative pain in more human terms talk about what this surgery can mean to patients is a terrific operation uh this operation does what it purports to do it delivers the result uh it's safe it's effective it reduces size in areas that people can't reduce since I do so many of these surgeries my arm would get sore I get tennis elbow yeah lipo liposuction elbow but I don't with the small canul the new liposuction technique allows surgeons to work closer to the surface of the skin and the new instruments are tiny some no more than an eighth of an inch the best surgeons possess both technical skills and artistic finesse you're doing something under the skin and you feel around very carefully to make sure that there are no areas of lumpiness or bumpiness it should feel smooth everywhere could hear it it's art and it's craft and uh skill and it all comes with experience right now the beneficiaries of that experience are likely to be women men make up just 15 % of the total number of lipos suction patients let's go B okay is that that's better but that may be changing Frank roko is a 30-year-old salesman for a Northeast based company which sells lumber and supplies to the pallet industry Being Fit is a plus in his work which sometimes includes repairing heavy tools looking at his body today you would never know that he was a fat kid and a fat young adult I would look in the mirror and I would see these three different people actually what it was I had three different chins it was it was something I wasn't happy with Frank got the weight off and kept it off a personal trainer in his off time Frank Sports a well sculpted physique he decided on lipos suction after fruitless efforts to trim a problem area I turn back this way again right now I wear a pair of pants and I still feel the fat hanging over the sides you know it's not much but it's there and it does bother me Dr Kirk brandow of Philadelphia is Frank's doctor taking care of a lot of models uh bodybuilders uh professional athletes who have small little deposits of fat a lot of these people will work out day in and day out to try to get rid of that fat and they never can and so I can sympathize a lot with somebody like Frank feel relaxed Frank yeah good okay we'll be starting in a few minutes and Dr brandal says that unlike Frank many men see cosmetic surgery as a copout men have always been embarrassed about having anything done men are Macho they think that they should work out and get rid of everything by working out just take it easy just sit for a second there's no doubt that fat suctioning can dramatically change the Contour of the body back over this way remember Judy Savage last year she decided to have more liposuction surgery this time done by Dr Klein she now has a figure she's proud to show off before I was stuck into a size 14 and if the pants would fit the jackets wouldn't fit and now I fit almost completely into a size 12 bottom and top and that's amazing Judy's body was resculpted but she only dropped two lbs that's why doctors stress that liposuction is not a treatment for obesity this is not a weight loss technique it shouldn't be used for weight loss the patient should not be going into this thinking they're going to lose weight it's a spot reduction technique so these dramatic articles that appear in the tabloids where a woman says I lost 30 lbs and went from a size 14 to a size 10 anybody tells you I lost 30 pounds from liposuction is not telling the truth it's bunk liposuction is an elective surgery and as such is not covered by insurance cost is generally based on the number of areas to be suctioned charges can range from as little as $1,500 to $10,000 or more wow at the end of her 5-hour surgery Christy Turley saw the difference immediately and she was overwhelmed gosh I'm glad I did thank you you're welcome two and a half weeks after undergoing liposuction christe's body is still shrinking she won't see the final results for 2 months but husband Tyler is amazed right now yeah I can't get I can't I'm going to pull the mirrors out of this house I can't get from looking at him yeah Christy is already four pants sizes smaller I had to borrow some um some pants the other day cuz my pants don't fit me right and my girlfriend's a lot skinnier than me and she loaned them to me so it's kind of nice to put on her pants my jeans may be by Calvin but my body is by Clyde Tim joins us now from Boston and that looks scary that procedure Tim calls for skill and how do you select the right doctor to do this well in the past H there's been a lot of professional Turf battles between particularly plastic surgeons and other kinds of doctors who do this kind of surgery and I guess I'd say all else being equal personally I would pick a plastic surgeon because of their General surgical background but most important is to find a doctor who has a lot of experience with this procedure who's demonstrated his or her skill by doing many of them and can show you pictures ask around in the community and find out who other doctors or nurses would go to now if you gain weight afterward I understand that particular fat doesn't come back is that right theoretically once you remove those fat cells they should not be there to get fat again so if you gain weight it might go elsewhere but it shouldn't go there now that's the theory time is going to tell whether that theory is true thank you Tim