- Copy This Meta Ads Strategy (Creative Diversity Post Andromeda): Kind: captions Language: en I spent years watching brands throw 50 variations of the same ad into the account and then always wondering when nothing was breaking through. And in today's video, I'm going to show you exactly why creative volume is destroying your ad account, what creative diversity actually means in a post-Andromeda world, and most importantly, how to build a system that actually gives Meta something to work with. So, let's jump into it. Most brands, when they hear test more creative, they think that means test more variations of the same UGC ad with a slightly different hook because it feels like you're doing something productive. But what I've consistently seen is that the brands doing that are the ones that are stuck at the same unprofitable CPA time and time again because they think by just adding volume means that they are testing more creative. Well, creative diversity is a fundamentally different way of thinking. It means building a creative system that is made to reach different pots of customers. A UGC video, which is targeted at a specific segment of your audience. A podcast style that is perfectly created to educate the customer before they commit. A founder-led piece to increase brand trust. And the reason why this actually works under the Andromeda update is that the creative is being used as a targeting signal within Meta, which means that if your entire ad account looks the same, not only is Meta going to limit the reach on your ad, but you're also going to be repeatedly targeting the same customers. And at a certain point, just like if you fish from the same pond all the time, you're going to run out of people to target. But when you finally do diversify your ad account, then Meta has more signals to play with and can send your ads to more people. Every single ad in your ad account is labeled with a similarity score. This is behind the scenes in Meta, but essentially, it looks at all your ads and goes, "That one's very similar to that one." and then treats them as the same asset. A great ad account to look at is this one from Meller. I was looking at this the other day and all I can say is this is guaranteed to being flagged with similar ads by Meta. Look at the ad account. Every single static ad looks the exact same. And then even when we do have some video ads, they look basically the same. This is telling Meta that you only really have one ad in your account. They might be seeing results from this, but it's only a matter of time until they don't anymore. Whereas when you look at an ad account like The Black Stuff, a brand that we work with here, you can see tons of video creative. Even from the thumbnails, you can see that so many of them are completely different. Look, it's like well, it is looking at a different ad account, but it is vastly different. Every single creative is different and that is giving Meta the right signals to push to new audiences. Understanding this concept is fairly straightforward. I imagine most of you already know this information, but when a brand tries to implement it unless they structurally do it correctly, then they're going to fail. And that's why you shouldn't be running your ads in just one campaign. Listen, I am no media buyer here by any means. But what I do understand is that if you have one campaign that contains your best spending ads, your winning ads, the golden goose, and then you're launching in untested creative and then letting Meta decide where to send the budget, and Meta's goal is to get you sales, which one do you think is going to get all the spend? Well, it's not going to be the untested creative. Brands come to me on a regular basis and they are confused as to why their new ads never beat their old winners. And often enough, the reason for that is because the new ads aren't getting any spend. A testing campaign has one core job and that is to give those new assets enough spend for you to see results. And then the scaling campaign is where your winners live, where they're getting a ton of budget and they're sharing it across all of your winning assets. And the practical result here is that you always have a pipeline of new winning assets which have proven themselves in the testing campaign. But getting the structure right doesn't matter if the ads that you're putting in the testing campaign were never thought of properly from the get-go. Because most brands are writing a concept, they're creating the video before they've actually thought about, well, will someone actually want to buy the product from this messaging? I know it sounds stupid, but think about the last time that you wrote an ad. Were you actually thinking, will this persuade someone to buy my product? Or were you just autopilot writing the ad? Because the order of this is really important because otherwise you're basically building the entire ad on assumptions. Because a good production workflow starts with research and identifying the core messaging as to why someone is going to purchase your product. And that needs to happen before you even think about the format or the cast. You need to understand why people are buying your product right now. You also need to think about what objections are sitting between you and the customer buying your product cuz there's probably more than you think. One of the best ways to have a look at this information is to head over to Reddit. I actually did a video on how you can use Reddit for your creative strategy. And essentially in that video I mentioned how you can just search your niche in Reddit and it will give you relevant information back. When I say relevant information, I don't mean it'll just give you the answer. I mean that once you dive through the post you will see what people really think about your niche or your type of product. You'll find the reasons why people perhaps don't commit to other similar products. And if you really want to know why people perhaps didn't buy your product straight away, then reach out to them directly. You have their email addresses. You have their contact information. Drop them an email and ask them a couple of questions. Do a survey. Cuz that type of information is invaluable when it comes to creative research. We are always asking our clients for an export of their reviews and any post-purchase surveys they have because that stuff is absolute gold cuz it takes you from assumptions to actual concrete knowledge. Because once you have all that knowledge and you're armed with the correct stuff, it makes everything else easier. Your UGC casting is 10 times easier cuz you know who you need to cast based on your customer. Your scripting becomes way easier because the scripts that you're writing are based on actual thoughts and feelings from your customers. And your editing also gets better because you can see the ads that were performing the best and look at the editing traits. What did they have in common? A really great example of this is Nathan and Sons. It's a gum brand. When we first started working with them, we truly believed one of the main reasons why customers were buying the product and why they were, you know, purchasing was just because this was a way to make your teeth healthier. But after we did some research, we found something really interesting. A lot of people, for some reason, were mentioning that back in ye olden days, how come they had really good teeth and we don't have good teeth now? There has to be something that we're not doing now that they were doing back then. And that got our creative strategist thinking and he put together this ad. You know, people don't really know this, but ancient people actually used to have way better teeth than we do now. No dentist, somehow they still rarely got cavities. And this gum here is actually made using the same methods that they used. So, their big secret they chewed tree sap. So, the Maya had chiclet and the Greek had mastic. And the Native Americans had spruce tree gum. >> And you can see this is like a UGC video, right? But it is based around the idea of exactly what the research was. And that was a massive unlock for us because we found this batch of customers that didn't really know or care about the product until then. And that all came from research. We wouldn't have known that until we found that source. And another thing that most brands are doing is that when they finally do put the ads live, they're watching the wrong numbers. They realize that they're optimizing for the completely wrong thing. I've seen so many brands obsess over hook rate. I've been on calls and they've gone, "What is the best hook rate I need to have in my account?" And the answer is there isn't an answer. If your account averagely gets 25% hook rate, then if you get 30%, well, it's a winning hook rate, isn't it? But if you have a really strong hook rate and a terrible CPA, then it really doesn't matter cuz your ad isn't making any money. In my opinion, the number one metric you need to be looking at is that CPA because if you aren't acquiring customers at an affordable rate then you are failing. And of course an affordable rate is whatever your LTV is. That's what makes subscription brands completely different to one-time acquisition brands. Another metric is CTR, your click-through rate. At the end of the day your creative exists for one purpose, to get people to click away from Meta. And so if you have a low click-through rate then your ad ain't doing anything right cuz you can't even get them off the platform. So how do you expect them to purchase? Your CPM is another great metric cuz that's telling us how much it's costing us to actually reach people. If your CPA is really high then you're probably spending a lot of money to reach the wrong customer. Hook rates and hold rates are very, very useful but they're soft metrics. They don't really tell us much about the, you know, the performance and the cost. It's just telling us how good this hook is or how good the video edit is. That's why there's no point using a hook rate or a hold rate as your key performance metric because really it's just telling you how good your ad is at holding or gaining attention. If those people aren't converting then it's a bad ad. If you've got all the previous steps sorted there might be one that you're missing and that is that you're pulling from the same pool of ideas that everyone else is. You might have every single other thing nailed that we mentioned in this video but you're probably falling victim to one that I see so many people and that is that we're all pulling ideas from the same pool. Because most brands are using ad libraries as their main source of inspiration. They scroll through whatever the competitor is running and go, "Oh, that sounds like it's a good idea." And don't get me wrong, competitor research can be really useful but the trap that you fall into here is that if you build your entire strategy around it then you're doing the same as everyone else. You're always running on second-hand ideas. You're reacting to what existed six months, three months ago instead of what your customer is focusing on now. And most importantly if you're looking at your competitors then your competitors are also looking at those competitors. So you end up falling into a trap of every niche's ads looking the same. Think about print campaigns from like 30 years ago. People reacted to them because they never seen anything like it before. Those first TV commercials 60-odd years ago were groundbreaking because they were doing things that people had never seen with their eyes before. That is what you need to do with your ad creative. In most accounts that I work on, the ads that surprise us the most are the ones where inspiration came from elsewhere, not an ad library. My creative strategies are often watching films, watching TV shows, reading books, and gaining inspiration from. Because stepping outside of the norm that everyone else is looking is where the new ideas come from. In fact, take this VSL that we made for Leaf Shave. >> Plastic razors are full of nasties. What would be left if we removed all the undesirable chemicals and plastics from your razor? Do you know what can be found in lubrication strips? BHT, a documented hormone disruptor, PEGs, petroleum stabilizers, even a matrix of plastic that dissolves, by design, onto your skin. Gone. Now, let's remove all of the disposable plastic around the refills. >> If you watch it and you listen to it, you'll realize it kind of flows like a documentary. And that's exactly what we were going for because VSLs are essentially like mini product documentaries. And so, when we create them, that's where we look for inspiration. We don't look at the ad libraries that are running a ton of them because they all look the same. So, when you bring everything together, you quickly realize that volume isn't the answer here. You can create as many ads as you want, but if they aren't diverse enough, then you're not going to get anywhere. The perfect mix is creative diversity and creative volume, a load of very diverse ads. When you address all those things properly and you look for data in the right places, you look for inspiration in the correct channels, then you will see everything fall into place. And of course, if you happen to be you a brand that's spending over 70,000, then we would love to help you. You can scan the QR code on the screen if you're interested in working with me and my agency and I'd love to have a conversation with you. Our clients see an average of 30% lower CPA when we start working with them. So that's stats that you can't ignore. There's also a link in the description as well if you want to apply to work with us. And before you go, if you want to understand exactly why your ads aren't performing right now, then I made a video with five mistakes that you are probably committing right now in your ad account. Check that one out and while you're down there, hit the subscribe button and also click the like and leave a comment with any questions. I will see you in the next one. Bye-bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @khadijaeltahawy5813 [3 likes]: man are you hiring junior performance-based marketers?
  2. @foundr_IMpactos [2 likes]: I’ve spent way too much time in the variation trap, and seeing that similarity score concept explained makes so much sense as to why accounts just hit a wall. 😂The point about using creative as a targeting signal is a serious wake-up call. If every ad looks like a UGC selfie, you’re basically telling Meta to only show your product to people who like UGC selfies. That Nathan and Suns ancient teeth example was a killer way to show how actual research (and Reddit diving) beats just copying what’s in the Ad Library. Most people are just reacting to what worked 6 months ago, but building a system around mini product documentaries or founder-led trust pieces is how you actually scale long-term. This is gold Fraser, not gonna lie
  3. @viiiiideo [2 likes]: Great info on testing vs scaling campaigns.
Would you say Top/Middle/Bottom funnel sections and their creatives should also go as their own separate campaigns?
  4. @Maverick-3D [1 likes]: Fraser rocked subscribers shocked. 

I am so much anxiously waiting for your course in June / July
  5. @zynko08 [1 likes]: good information
  6. @leon-buller [1 likes]: Hey Fraser! Every video is a HIT 🔥 Really appreciate your advice and free value. You’re my go-to guy when it comes to creative strategy 🙏

Can you share which ads should I make as a new brand with a low budget? I’ll be focusing more on problem unaware and solution aware.

I thought about testing mini VSLs, educational, UGC, AI slop, founder ads, us vs them statics, headline statics, and benefits statics. 

Is that the right direction or would you change/add something to it?

Thanks in advance 🙏
  7. @anuraglfc4lyf [1 likes]: great vsl tbh....
  8. @HlelekileNkosi: for you page
  9. @footballkaran5406: insane
  10. @vitorriseriomkt: Excellent content. Greetings from Brasil ✍🤓🇧🇷
  11. @NRycka: Maybe I'm wrong, but I feel like this video is still an assumption about judging an ad as a solo instead of an ecosystem of ads. What I mean by that is that, not all ads are meant to convert. Some are meant to educate, other to gain authority or trust and some to clearly convert warmer people.
  12. @yusufbekkaramatov9810: great vid

- Meta's Andromeda & GEM: Clearly Explained: Kind: captions Language: en Here's the thing about Andromeda. You're probably thinking about it all wrong. I see a lot of people blaming bad performance on the new Andromeda update. And I'm going to keep it 100 with you. I have a lot of opinions about this update that I think are going to actually make you uncomfortable. So, what we're going to do today is I'm actually going to give you the clearest explanation on what these updates actually are. And there are three in total. It's not just Andromeda. Then I'm going to explain why these updates may have contributed to bad results, just not in the way that you think they are. In fact, I'm going to be calling you out a little bit. But before we begin, my personal hot takes on these updates and why I think it's really important that you clearly understand them. Number one, these updates have rendered all targeting interests look alike, even prospecting versus retargeting pretty much useless. You'll understand why I explain more. And number two, it's also made your account structure far less important. Kind of a big one, right? So, let's get into these updates. So, there are three new updates in total, right? There's Andromeda, Gem, and Lattis. And let's go into the most infamous first. Andromeda. Actually, let's first go into what it's not. It is not a new algorithm. And it's also not new. It was actually launched last year in December of 2024. So, it is not responsible for your poor ads performance lately with an asterisk here, right? Because I can explain why some of you might have worse performance now as a result of these changes. And finally, Andromeda doesn't actually control which singular ad is shown to each individual user. Let's dive into this. So, Andromeda is part of the algorithm that actually decides which ads are selected for delivery. It narrows down millions of ads from thousands of brands to a smaller pool that can be shown to each individual user. Simply put, Andromeda is the retrieval process for gathering relevant ads for each user every time they sign on to Facebook or Instagram. That is it. Andromeda doesn't even technically select the best individual ad at any given moment. That is actually another update's job. Now, the way that I like to think about Andromeda is this. It's kind of like a personal assistant that you've tasked to help it find you the best perfect white t-shirt. So, what that personal assistant is going to do first, right, is based on how well they know you and what type of events and travel you have coming up, they are going to narrow down a selection of a few options for you to choose. And that process is all that Andromeda does, but just for ads. Now, before we dive into the gem and lattice updates, which are really crucial for fully understanding this new algorithm, I first want to give a huge thanks to the sponsors of this video, Particle. They are longtime friends of ours because they play a really critical role in my own research process, which honestly is now doubly important with all these new updates. With Particle, you can see real-time sales data from the top DTOC brands. And I particularly love it to be able to zoom in on what type of products and bundles are actually selling today. Something that I'll explain more in depth later in this video and why some of you might have had worse results after the gem and Andromeda updates. And again, not to spoil the plot, but being able to increase your AOV so you can actually spend more to acquire your customers is going to be a crucial part of your success moving forward in this new ecosystem. So, some of my favorite bundles that I've seen using Particle recently that have honestly really given me a few bursts of great creative inspiration for this have been Hexclad's Ultimate Everything Collection, which honestly seemed to crush this Black Friday, Cyber Monday. And similarly, Magic Spoon also has an everything bundle. So, when I saw these, actually, I immediately reached out to some of the clients that I was working with and I'm like, "Hey, do we have an everything bundle?" Cuz if not, this seems like a really easy thing that we could do to really increase our AOV. Now, the reason why Particle ties in really well with Andromeda and Gem is that you're going to be able to get a much better sense of your competitor's revenue and sales by skew. And they also have centralized access to tons of marketing assets from your competitors like social media ads and even emails. So, if you really think that Andromeda is the reason why your sales tanked, I would actually take a look at your competitors and particle and you might actually see, hm, they're doing something a lot better when it comes to their bundle strategy, their product strategy, and how they're positioning those products across their entire marketing ecosystem. Okay, let's get back into these updates. Right. So after Andromeda narrows down the pool of ads, that's when the other new AI models like Gem and Lattis come into the picture. So Gem is the generative ads recommendation model. And after Andromeda selects this pool of ads, right? That's when Gem comes in. And Gem is essentially a superbrain. I actually really loved the way that this Meta employee described it. He described it like a new superbrain that can read an entire library of book in seconds while understanding and retaining every single detail. So, the way that this comes to life in Gem is that it can essentially read the mind of your customers and figure out what they're going to want to do next week, maybe even before they do. So, Andromeda creates a pool of ads for a user and Gem narrows that down even further as sort of the super brain power. And then that's where Lattis comes in, which is essentially a massive library of all of the AI models of the algorithm. And this is where GEM actually lives, right? It's a part of Lattis, which is significant because in the past, Meta has actually had all of these different models separated, which is why it really benefited us to have interest targeting, lookalike targeting, and segmenting things out between prospecting and retargeting even. But now with Lattice, the exact right ad can be matched up to the right user. So it is actually Lattice that selects that final ad, not Andromeda or Gem. And let's go back to my metaphor, right? Let's bring this full circle. Andromeda is like the personal assistant who will narrow down a pool of white t-shirts that you might want to buy, all from different brands. And Gem is the superbrain that selects an even smaller pull of white t-shirts based on even more detailed insights on you, your behavior, and the advertiser goals. And it knows what types of fabrics you like. You know, cotton versus linen, for instance. And lattice is the system that brings everything together. It is the one that selects the final t-shirts based on all data and outputs from Gem and other models. So to put it really plainly, Andromeda and Gem are simply the systems that Meta created so that they could sort through millions of different ad combinations for each individual user. Candidly, it broke that into steps so that Lattis could make that final ad selection. Okay. So what can advertisers do if results are down? How has this affected advertisers in the last few months? Because I have heard from a lot of people, Andromeda killed my results. And that's not exactly true, but there is a reason why your results could have gone down as a result of it. And to be honest, it's really simple. Your competitors are likely taking better advantage over everything that Andromeda has to offer. They're likely out bidding you. So, they have a bigger budget to acquire a customer, and they're a lot more strategic on their creative strategy, aka they probably have more better ads than you do. Nothing more and nothing less in my opinion. And think about it. If your competitors doubled down on their creative strategy and really focused on their creative operations and making sure they could get more better creatives out the door and you just kept the status quo, yeah, Andromeda and Gem are much more likely to select your competitor's ads versus your own if you just kept things business as usual. Because Andromeda and Gem really does reward brands who are supplying great creative volume, but more importantly, creative diversity because it makes their jobs a lot easier to select relevant and engaging content, which again, I don't want to say that volume's the answer. Volume is not exactly the answer. It's much more about your creative efficiency and your velocity. How quickly can you get excellent creatives out the door and into the ad account? So, I always tell brands this. This is what you can do. Number one, you need to know your core personas. I actually really like to call them audience segments. What are the different audience segments that you can develop creative for? Motion actually has a really great intended audience tag that I really love to be able to like bring this to life a little bit more, especially if you think you have only one. And for those segments, you need to develop a diverse range of creative formats. And when you find certain formats are top performers, that's when you really need to start doubling down on different messaging angles and even different awareness levels so you can give the algorithm as much manpower as possible. And for those of you that are overwhelmed, I absolutely hear you. This suddenly becomes a question of not how to make the best ad possible, but it's more about your creative operations and how quickly you can act on those high quality creative ideas. So, my final thoughts for this, a really interesting wrinkle to all of this is this trend or desire for more brands to put out top offunnel content, which candidly is just great organic content. The gap between organic and paid content in my eyes is really starting to close as we move into 2026. And for brands that really prioritize unique organic content, I think they're going to be in the best position to pump out those new creative angles and [music] ideas for a wide range of personas. I've even seen a few operators say that they were going to be combining their paid social and their organic social teams into one, which I think is a sign of things to come. And that's all. I will see you guys next week. Let me know if you want a video on how to develop your creative strategy more for Andromeda. I think that's going to be really important.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TinyandSnail [1 likes]: Oooh this is gold! Thank you Dana! Especially the part at the end talking about how quickly you can produce a volume of relevant content.
  2. @lilykilleen3085 [1 likes]: hey idk if this is a dumb question but could you do a video clearly explaining each meta ad metric and what you need to change if one is down or high ?
  3. @herrokittyxo [1 likes]: Thanks for sharing! Do you have any insight on whether Metas algorithm can find audiences for non-profits/advocacy groups?
  4. @terripenfield5069: The only thing that has happened is facebook marketplace is a mess.
  5. @brotherdaveseattle2791: Libarry????
  6. @AbdulQudoosMir-m7y: Oh, please do be careful, Madam. At this rate of jaw gymnastics, you’re going to pull a muscle. For the sake of your own health, do you think you could try just... saying the point? Or is the theatrical performance mandatory?
  7. @Garo_Tcherpachian: Great video Dara thanks ! We definitly want a video about creative strategy haha
  8. @mattloris3698: Lie'berry❤
  9. @nasrodineelghalbzouri4849: I sell furniture online (mirrors, buffets, and other categories). What campaign structure would you recommend — one campaign per product category, or grouping all product categories within a single campaign?
  10. @jnpilot: This made the new Meta system even more confusing for me…
  11. @zeeshanzeeshan1149: Lots of theory there. And no, my competitors,  bigger are smaller are going down with me. The system is broken. It may improve with time but right now, its a complete mess. If selection is all that matters in the end and if meta  is doing it better now, it should impact ctr, cpm etc. Nope, nothing changed. I just get the feeling that meta is overselling all of this not so super brain to just charge more.
  12. @VibhaDevi-is7hg: What's the price range of your next creative strategist course...?
So i will be prepared...
  13. @Andres-196: Hi Dara, did you ever launch your creative strategy course? Would like to level-up our team members!
  14. @Jesfundamentals: Hi Dara, All this information is excellent!!!!
I have a question. What you teach about advertising is more focused on DTC products. Would what you teach apply to aesthetic clinics that offer Botox treatments, biostimulators, etc.?
And if it doesn't apply, can you recommend someone I could study with?
  15. @rcmanization: what's up with the horror movie background music in the first minute? lol
  16. @larissabecker1893: 10:10 yes do it girl!
  17. @David-rd9ke: Hi Dara! I am considering starting a FB ads agency. However, I know nothing! What resources/courses would you recommend for someone just starting out? Also, I saw one of your reels where you said smaller businesses shouldn't be paying agencies to run their ads. What types of businesses should I target (i.e. what income bracket would they fall into) with my service once I officially launch my business?
  18. @OguzSargin-r3d: Thank you, Dara. As you do every year, could you please also create a video for your Andromeda Campaign Structure?
  19. @abdalfatahelnahas1024: Thank you 
It will be great if you make a video about creative strategy
  20. @damanrique: I have a question. When I pay for ads, META gives an estimate of how much people will it reach. So what with these algorithms, selection, Competence, etc. If in the end META will show the ads to a certain number of people. What am I missing? Thank you

- The LAZIEST WAY To Make Diversified Ads for Meta Andromeda in 2025: Kind: captions Language: en I have never seen so much confusion about an algorithm update than the Meta Andromeda algorithm that came out in July of this year. And I've never seen so many people angry when a Chad Scala is saying to you, "Hey, you need to be making more diversified ads." So, in this video, I'm going to explain to you what does this actually mean? How do I make them in the laziest way possible so that I don't spend so much time making net new creatives every single time and spending so much money on creative and not enough money on my ad spend? that's probably something that you're going through. The problem is that a lot of you guys are going, "Okay, cool. I'm going to make diversified ads. No problem." So, what you end up doing is you basically take an ad idea that you have and you just like change the headline uh to like big small like you take the word vegan and you make it like slightly smaller and you know you remove the thing here and you go Camila look my ads are diversified. They are different. No, they're not. The reason they're not diversified is because the way that the algorithm looks at your ads is let's say this is an image ad with some text. It's going to identify different groups of information based on the ad itself. This is how the ads themselves do the targeting. So this ad here is red. So it's going to identify the red colors. It's going to say blood sugar. It registers this as like a keyword. And then what it does is it finds people and groups for each of these different categories. And the algorithm had to do this initially when it was trying to understand the different creative that was out there. And that's why it used to work. Okay, this is not what happens these days anymore. The algorithm had to be updated because there is so much data, so much content going into these ad accounts that it has to do it at a faster rate. So now imagine like I just zoom out here and I just look at these ads like that. What the algorithm is doing is all right, these all look the same. Let me just pick this one and that's it. Cool. I'm going to I'm going to take this into the ranking stages and and I'm going to see how it performs against other ones. That's how it's working. It does. It's not like this anymore. Which means that you can't just change headlines and expect to get a completely different result. That's finished. And so the old way of just taking an ad like this and like changing the text a little bit, changing stuff around doesn't work anymore. Let me show you the new lazy way to do it which will actually help. And that is doing something like this. Let's say this is the first ad you're making, the 30-day plateau breakthrough challenge. The diversified way to do it is by making three different variations of everything in the ad. You can see this one says 30-day synergy transformation, completely different text, different colors. This one has hormone optimization, completely different colors, etc. So that if I was to zoom out and squint a little bit, these three are all very different and therefore I can actually take them and rank them against other ones and they will actually get spend. Right? This is the lazy way to do it. Okay? This isn't the best way. The best way to do it is actually making literal diversified ads, literal different creative. So this is us versus them. This is one with like the product image with some text. This is one that's more for the unaware audience. This is a problem solution one. This is another unaware. This is a notepad. This is as diversified as you can get, making things completely different, which gives the algorithm more to play with so that it can find the right target for you. For this product, it might find that actually people like the news kind of like angles here and it's going to serve this more in the in the ranking and you're going to get better results. Okay, the question is now what about video? What do you do for video? So, let me show you what's been working for us in our ad account. So this is the lazy method. All right? This isn't the best method. This is the lazy method. Okay? Before everybody was taking one ad and making different hooks. So just changing the first three to 5 seconds. This doesn't work anymore. Of course it doesn't work cuz the algorithm had to change and that's what everyone's going crazy about. So if this is your current strategy, you have to stop that today. The new way to do it, the lazy way to do it is this is the same single ad. Okay? So ad one, it could be one concept idea. It could be a UGC video. And what you're doing is you have one hook for it. Great. This is hook one. No problem. Nothing's changed. However, the next vers version and variation, you can have a different hook, but you need to have a different set of B-roll after this so that it is somewhat different. You can have the same ending or whatever. Okay? You can even change the ending of the video. The other way to do it is making the hooks themselves a lot longer than what the original videos are. If you're just changing the first 3 to 5 seconds, that doesn't work anymore. You got to change and make the hooks 20 to 30 seconds. That is the only way you're going to be able to make these diversified. So, next time someone comes and tells you, "Hey, uh, you're going to make diversified ads." Now, you know how to actually make them. And this is the laziest, fastest way to do it. Now, the laziest way for you to get very good at making creative is by you joining my community, Adreators Live. I show you the exact way for you to make a dedicated research document that understands who your buyers are and what they buy. How to actually script write in minutes with all my prompts plus loads of scripting frameworks. How to actually make the ads themselves, static ads, and also how to access a talent pool of video editors that I have trained and UGC creators that I have trained in case you want to work with them to make your own creative. I'll leave that link down below. If you want us to make your ads for you, cuz that's e the even laziest way, then book a call at epicadup.com and I'll see you there. But now that you understand this, you're probably going to want to make your ads yourself. So why don't you click this video up here to actually learn how to make static ads in minutes. I'll see you there.

  Top Comments:
  1. @leslie.99: Hello! i hope you can help me. im a graphic designer and we need to produce 50 ads but with andromeda update every ads should not be the same. How does variation work for andromeda update?
  2. @alpcantal: Great idea!
  3. @hsensn4677: for static ads mentioned at 2:56, those are different solution aware ads right! which mean totally different ads. so each will be in a different batch. 

My question is for each batch, shouldn't you target only one awareness level and only change the headline or the visual or both etc... and not the entire ad to something completely different? otherwise it'll be another ad not another variation of the ad.

- The NEW Way To Scale Ads with Meta's Andromeda Update: Kind: captions Language: en If you're struggling now more than ever before with reaching the right people consistently, meaning you historically may have reached these pocket audiences and you've been in there for maybe weeks or sometimes upwards of months at a time and then all of a sudden it changes. Now with the world of Andromeda factored in that can actually happen far more frequently. Niche messaging is being distributed at a larger rate than majority hooks from what we've seen in this postandromeda world. Just to be extremely clear with you, the effects of that tiny hooks are reaching pockets of people that you may not be intending to reach and they're creating a lot of chaos inside of businesses that don't know what to do when it comes to messaging best practices as it directly relates to this post Andromeda Facebook algo update. We're going to go through all the best practices in this video. Don't worry, I got you. If you're on your path to million-dollar months, this is a perfect channel for you. That's all we talk about around here. If you are looking to tack on that first million a month or the next million a month. All our content's made for rich people trying to get a hell of a lot richer, you're in the right place. We don't make any income claims, though. The US Bureau of Labor Statistics claims that.1% of businesses ever achieve $10 million and an annual run rate, let alone the even smaller quantity of people that ever achieve milliondoll months. So, just to be clear, there are no income claims or earnings expectations. We have no idea who the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you are. We just pass down these lessons to you from clients who have been there, done that for what's working right now today. So without further ado, ladies and gentlemen, let's dive in. And of course, if you're a subscriber, welcome back. Absolute pleasure to have you. Another banger for you here today. So what we've seen at this most recent mastermind that we just concluded here for our Q4 talk in good old the end of 2025 in the post Andromeda world, the businesses that were crushing it are doing a lot more creative testing than they ever have before. and they're finding that the smallest things are controlling and influencing more than ever before who they're going to reach and how long they're probable to reach them for. I'll give you a perfect example of this. One of the inner circle members, Mason, gets up on stage and he mentioned a very simple thing in almost a joking way where he said, "You know, one time we were talking about something that didn't relate at all to writing or articles. We just mentioned the use of AI and the power of copywriting with being able to replicate long books such as authors like JK Rowling. And because he mentioned that author's name, the famous author who wrote all the Harry Potter books, he got a bunch of authors through his funnel. And that wasn't his intended audience. There was nothing else in that entire thing besides those few words, the name of a famous author and a word like author that immediately started to reach a fuckload of authors. And so here's the number one thing that you have to remember in this post Andromeda world, and that's the fact that everything's more sensitive now than it's ever been before. Sensitive in the sense that literally one word or sometimes a handful of words can wildly influence who you're probable to reach. And of course, those pocket audiences, some of them are large and some of them are small. I compared it at this most recent mastermind that we just did to like little pockets of oil. I said, you know, if you bought like a piece of land, like let's say it's, you know, 20-ish thousand acres and you wanted to drill for oil and you know, you're naturally like 30 40 years ago when that was in its heyday. You're going to build these little wells up here and you're going to dig deep into the ground until you hit a little pocket. And then naturally, the amount of oil that's within this specific pocket dictates how productive this specific well is. And as you can imagine, there's wells that they build that, you know, they don't hit any pocket. maybe because they didn't drill deep enough or because those pockets were rather shallow. And so even if you hit the right pocket and you use the right terms to influence who you're probable to be getting in front of, sometimes even when you're speaking to the perfect person, there's only so many of that perfect person that's actually probable to be in that little audience in that given moment. And so what we're finding is Andromeda is doing such a powerful really good job at getting very niche almost micro hooks in front of those smaller pockets. And so what we're seeing is there's more of these smaller pockets being exploited than ever before. But that also reduces the amount of time that you can be exploiting that specific pocket audience for. You understand where I'm going with this? What you have to do is you have to recognize that when you get the right people coming through and you did the right things with dialing in your messaging to attract that type of person and all of a sudden you see the wrong types of people coming through, you likely ran out of people in that pocket and you likely need to go back and do creative testing again. That's really what Andromeda is all about is taking so many more creatives that have been loaded into this platform than ever before, whittling it all down to a few thousand, and then handing it off to the 2023 update that Meta did called Metal Lattis. It's the simple retrieval and ranking algo steps. But now it's better than it's ever been historically. And as a result of that, those little pockets are being exploited more than ever before. Here's the downside, though, and if you've run ads, you know exactly what I'm talking about right now. You need to load up about we find the pocket to be 25 to 30 unique creatives in an ad set. And so for let's use the example you're doing video ads. We'd film 25 to 30 totally unique creatives. No shared bodies and CTAs. Everything's unique through and through. And all those different reasons all those total unique creatives. One to three are going to get all the reach. [laughter] So as a result of only one to three total creatives getting all that reach and distribution, the other, let's say you launch with 25, right? the other 24 to maybe 22, they're going to get barely any money spent. Sometimes, without exaggeration, pennies. Now, that doesn't negate the fact that we still have to launch with 25 to 30 total creatives to get the impact and the positive benefits of what Andromeda can truly provide. However, yeah, it's kind of frustrating to look at it and say, well, I mean, none of these other ads got reach. But this is also kind of the cool part. All we really have to do is in that example, duplicate out our ad set, remove and/or just turn off the creatives, the one to three that got all the reach, and then let those other ones start to test against each other. And that's kind of the cool part. In the process of doing so, you reach newer pockets and you may have that potential to finally hit that bigger pocket. And if you have, let's say, a really finite demographic of people that you believe you can convert, what you have to be really good at is articulating yourself from multiple perspectives about that thing. So let's use the example that this specific demographic is your current pocket audience. And it's small in this context. Okay? You believe that there's a finite amount of people that in a given moment under specific circumstances and conditions are ready and probable to buy what you have. You're not necessarily a mass market brand. You've got a high ticket product or service after all. and it's specific for somebody's problems relative to your problem and solution scenario. What you have to learn to be really good at is articulating that thing from so many different perspectives. And we break this down into really just three simple things. Okay. Number one, the problems that that individual has. Number two, the circumstances that that individual finds themsself in. Okay, circumstances are powerful. And in addition to that, we can also articulate ourselves from an outcomes perspective. Now, these three specifically, when you think in the context of those and you just try to list as many reasons that you can think of, what you end up doing is you're able to talk to that same pocket audience so many times over because you have mastered the success of being able to rotate the problem, circumstances, and outcomes that that specific individual that you're trying to talk to wants. And you also remember rule one, which is the sensitivity part of it. Don't say anything that wouldn't bring in the right types of people. And all it comes down to is the simplest of words nowadays in this post Andromeda update. Once you do an exercise like this, there's a lot of power in it because what you can do is what we teach our inner circle members and master internet marketing students, which is to leverage specific credit-based LLMs to go into it. This would be something not like Chat GBT or Claude or Gemini. There's credit based LLMs that you can use and the incentive is far greater. A credit-based LLM will read all the transcripts that you upload into it word for word. It fully consumes a lot more training material and doesn't operate with the guard rails of efficiency that a monthly flat rate subscription LLM AI tool would use comparatively. You want a credit-based LLM. Okay? Now, we have many of those that we teach and talk about inside of our inner circle program, our master internet marketing program. You're watching here for free on YouTube after all. So, I'm going to give you a lot, but I'm going to hold back some stuff so you eventually give me some money. [laughter] Anyway, long story short, links in the description for that if you're interested. Back to this. When you do this specific exercise and you do it in a way where you're thorough, you load up specific training material documents into that LLM, it can kick you out consistent ad ideas for that specific person, leveraging real world agentic. This is very important. Let me actually backtrack a bit. all these preferred credit based LLMs. I also want you to understand it should have an agent mode where it can go out there. All agent mode really is is just kind of like somebody using a computer on your behalf. That way you can go out and actually do research to find context for these specific reasons and people. That way you also factor in highly believable reasons on top of all this. That's a different lesson though. Long story short, get yourself into the position where you have the clarity of this and just unlock a lot because you're going to need a lot of creative angles to talk to that same exact pocket audience from. That's what you do if you have a small audience. Now, if you have a large audience, it's more in the context of the oil field analogy. Consider everything that I just said like you've got this pocket, you've got this pocket, you've got these tinier little pockets like this and this as well. The moral of the story is from your perspective when you have more audiences that you can convert. So if you've got a lot of audiences rather than just one type of audience, meaning simply put, there's more than just one type of person that you can realistically sell to. That's exactly what you do. You do the same exercise but for all those different people many times over. And so simply put, and this is this is a really long lesson made into the simplest words. There's a lot more to this that I could sit here and articulate, but again, like we're going to keep that reserved for the people who actually give us some money. You're still going to get a ton of value from watching this. I promise you that all these pocket audiences, let's say you have audience type number one and two and three and four and etc. For the rest of all these, you do the same exact thing. You list off all the specific problems, circumstances, and outcomes of those specific types of people because that's the moral of the story with Andromeda. I have an entire video on my channel dedicated to Andromeda and all of what it entails so you can understand it. If this is a new word to you and you're not familiar with this ALGO update, make sure you go check out that video because it'll give you a foundational understanding of it and what it requires of you. But just in a simple nutshell, it requires a fuckload more creative than you've ever loaded into it prior. And it requires diversification in messaging. So you don't get the opportunity to have the efficiency that you've historically had by doing something like just filming opening hooks and then posting the same body in CTA. There's a creative solutions specialist that works over at Meta. He's on Twitter. He's got a couple low thousand followers, but he tweets some great stuff. And one thing that he recently tweeted was this alpha test they're running. and they're considering rolling out a column in the ads dashboard there that shows you creative that's too similar to one another either visually or in messaging because technically what Andromeda requires is diversification in messaging themes and visuals in Meta's words. Now, we found from our testing that it really just requires messaging but it doesn't hurt if you're not getting the results and outcomes you want to also factor in the tests of themes and visuals. Either way, moral of the story, once you get to the point where you realize you're going to need, as I said, about 25 to 30 unique creatives every time that you go to launch an ad set, you don't have to do that every time over. Once those one to three ads distribute and take all the reach and all the spend, and they inevitably fatigue and your pocket runs out, you're just going to relaunch the adset and just pull out one to three and you can load up a new one to three. And then the other 22 to 25 that you loaded up, depending on how many you launched with, will put you in a position where you're now testing all over again. cuz the smaller ones that didn't get reached that had pennies spent before, they deserve to have spend go to them again. So, it gets efficient after the first time that you do it, unless you find whatever you're running not bringing in the right people. And then you got to go back to the drawing board and consider what are reasons that are probable to actually attract the specific people that you want to have come through that funnel. Messaging is literally everything. It does all the targeting nowadays. Meta is a broad targeting platform now. Meaning, yes, your targeting is there, but it's counted as suggestive nowadays. Okay? And so what that means is is messaging controls everything. I hope this video helps you. Go check out all my other videos on my channel. They're far helpful for people that are rich trying to get a lot richer. Check out the links down in the description. Subscribe to the channel if you haven't done so yet. Listen, at the very least, give me a thumbs up and a comment down below on what you thought. Appreciate all your feedback. Go out there and get richer. toxin.

  Top Comments:
  1. @theextraordinnairs7028 [4 likes]: Hello Tony Stark 😂
  2. @JustinKellyMcClure [2 likes]: Good info…

So with 25 ads, various hooks and angles, you recommend 1 CBO and 1 ad set…then make new ad sets eliminating the ads that got most of the spend in the 1st ad set?
  3. @MariaGomez-lg2ug [1 likes]: With Andromeda, everyone's talking about consolidating all ads into one set, but how do I know if my ads are working on the top or bottom of the funnel?

And most importantly: what happens to retargeting now that we have custom audiences? Why is nobody talking about it now with Andromeda? Does it still make sense to separate prospecting from retargeting, or do we just let Meta decide the entire funnel?
  4. @prateekgupta1447 [1 likes]: Firstly, Fab video, thanks for this. 
Couple of questions however:

1. Wouldn't duplicating the adset result in competing adset for same audience resulting in higher cpms?

2. In how many days do you recommend shutting non performing ads from the pool of relaunched creatives that had not spent earlier?
  5. @yoelgerstein [1 likes]: "Become richer" - Jeremy Haynes 10/29/2025
  6. @hasherazizi2588 [1 likes]: Great value as always 🔥
  7. @JeremyHaynesTraining: Join The Inner Circle 👉 https://dmmguide.com/inner-circle 

Get A FREE Week Of My Master Internet Marketing Program 👉 https://masterinternetmarketing.com/membership-area/d9d5bd1a45e
  8. @gavinwiener: How much ad spend would you need to have as a minimum on the ad set to give that 20-25 a proper chance?
  9. @nasrodineelghalbzouri4849: How would you implement Andromeda for an online furniture e-commerce store that sells multiple product categories (mirrors, buffets etc)...?
  10. @edvinberggren2794: Hello How many images and text variants do you recommend in 1 ad. Is best practice still running flexible ads with maxed out pictures and text?
  11. @hanee012: Thank you so much again for the video — I really appreciate it. I was hoping you could help me with a quick question.

I’m stuck in a dilemma: my Meta purchase campaign is still in the learning phase because I’m under 50 conversions, and my daily budget is only $46. I want to test a few new ads, but I’m not sure what’s the best way to scale while still moving toward exiting the learning phase. Should I create a new campaign (which wouldn’t help this one reach 50 conversions), or add another ad set to my current campaign and split the $46 budget?

What would you recommend as the best approach to scale and add new ads without disrupting the learning phase?
  12. @AgentiveAI: I know your messaging is fire, but I feel dumb that I dont understand most of this. I'll have to watch some more videos and come back to this!
  13. @tuckertheremedy: Should I separate Catalog Ads into their own campaign and not mix them with manually created ads, or should I mix all different ad types together post-Andromeda?
  14. @ConnorClarkCallahan: This was helpful. Thanks dude
  15. @kenny.bender: Very helpful Jeremy. Cool to see you in blue blockers, I'd love to send you a pair from my brand! (I bet you'll like them better than your current pair)
  16. @jonah.platovsky: Fire content as always
  17. @atoproductions237: Super value right here
  18. @Newdesignerz: AWESOME VIDEO BROTHER!
Also if you're looking for a Short Form Video Editor then do let me know
We Provide 30 Videos for just $350.
Would love to work on your Brand 😇
  19. @ecomwithsage: Yup
  20. @ghostofmoredishesmorebitch1507: First

- Evolving Creative for Meta’s Andromeda and the Opportunity of Mobile Game Ads (Bonus Episode): Kind: captions Language: en If you've been on DTC Twitter, you've seen the apocalypse. It's here. It's coming. Andromeda, which is an awesome name, by the way. Facebook crushing the naming conventions. People are blaming Andromeda for poor performance in October right now. Is it Andromeda or do people just have less money right now? We need to either be good at making content or work with people that are good at us. You could be anywhere in the world at any size, and if you're creating great content, you can earn your way into people's for you feeds. Want to pause, take a break cuz we have a special guest. We have Kathy Sun, the VP of e-commerce from Apple 11 here to talk about Apple 11 self-serve Axon ads manager. We have actually only been around for a year. It's basically showing long-form video ads in mobile games. So, they're around 35 seconds long on average. But, we disclosed last year we were about a billion in e-commerce, 10 billion in gaming [music] spend. And I think last quarter we were growing 80% year-over-year. So, one of our advertisers that joined very recently, they're kind of like a small brand, like a two-person shop selling [music] cookware. So, we jumped in and we tried to explain all this stuff to them. Their revenue within a month jumped [music] from 12K to 130K. Apple 11 I just think it's closer to how most brands and teams are operating on Meta, which I think just gives it more familiarity. It's just me and Connor today. I don't even have to say which I guess I'll say it once. I'll say Connor McDonald, Connor Mac MD. And then after that I just It's an easy episode for me. I just get to say, "Hey Connor, what do you think about this?" Yeah, you know, we didn't Cody and I didn't realize Connor Rowland wasn't joining until about 5 minutes ago. And I was like, "Oh, I got to lock in a little bit more." I I am you know, 20% more of this podcast now relies on on my my commentary here. So, yeah, I'm ready to do it. 20% more of the podcast, 50% more of the Connors. >> [laughter] >> Yeah, 100%. >> Well, we we miss him. What's he doing? I think he's flying back to Denver. I think he was in LA for the week. He was in LA for the week. Um Did you see his Did you see his costume? He was the guy from uh I dude, I'm not familiar with Jack Black movies, but I think it was Nacho Libre. I don't I didn't know the movie, but he looked good. He looked fantastic. He looked way better than Jack Black cuz like right next to Jack Black he's like short and pudgy and Connor's like tall and jacked. He's like a evolved form of Jack Black really. >> the only feedback of the costume. Otherwise, he looked great. Yeah, yeah, yeah, 100%. How about you? You dressing up at all? Today's Halloween as we're recording this. Uh dude, I'm not I'm going to I'm going to I'm going to play by ear tonight. I might go to a party with my brother and some of his friends. I got a priest costume as a backup. >> Hey, we should I think it's sick. Do pre priest outfits underrated fits, I think. They're pretty tight with like the with the white collar. Like not like not like full not like full, you know, Catholic [laughter] Pope, but I love it. I love it. I We'll see if my wife makes me dress up. It's uh it's probably the first year my daughter will get to enjoy it. So, if I have to, I will, but we'll see. I I think though. Somebody invited me to like a 7:00 thing on their porch and I was like, "My son's going to be sleeping by 7:00." Like totally. I'm out, but yeah. All right, cool. Um today got a fun one. I I actually probably being a terrible moderator cuz I really just did the episode plan and it's a lot of my tweets. I often when you moderate you'll pick one of my tweets. Um I feel like you haven't had as many tweets lately. I think you've been actually like whether you're been moving or actually working or or going to World Series games. So, yeah. A little bit of both. Yeah, yeah. So, I picked some of mine, but I'm but I'm excited to have a conversation about them and just get your thoughts and you can tell me where I'm right and where I'm wrong. The perfect. Let's do it. Cool. Well, before we do that, as always want to thank our sponsors. Today we got a special bonus episode, so very excited. We'll have a great guest. Kathy from Apple 11 is going to join us later, but right now we want to thank our sponsors. We have Motion, Ridge Panel, Prescient AI, AfterSell, and House. Let's get into it. >> [music] >> So, I don't know about you guys, but we are fully locked in on Black Friday, Cyber Monday, and holiday sale at Hexclad. Motion is, as always, a very big part of this. We do a ton of just iterations on evergreen ads with like Black Friday sale banners. So, we're just taking literally our top-performing ads from the entire year, slapping a banner on them, and that's at least one part of our content stack for BFCM. So easy just to use Motion to look at like last 90, last 6 months, year-to-date, which ads are getting us the best efficiency, which ads are getting us the best scale. It's like a really quick and easy way to pull out report in Motion and then come up with just a bunch of overlays on your evergreen ads. That's one way we're using Motion as we head into the peak season for us. The other way we're using it is for more like instantaneous feedback. So, we're saying, "Hey, we did that, but we also shot and produced all these seasonal ads. So, which ones are performing best?" we'll iterate on those like during BFCM. So, all of this is getting powered by Motion reports. It's just the quickest, the easiest way to see what's working, what's not. Connor, how are you guys using Motion at Ridge to inform your Black Friday, Cyber Monday, and holiday ad decisions? We're in a similar headspace. We did a an exercise that I was calling a bottoms-up planning this year where we granularly looked at what worked at what times throughout, you know, late October, November, December last year. That all comes from analyzing our creative. So, we got that foundational approach of what are the things we want to be prioritizing. And then we can get into the fact of what are the new things that we want to be trying this year. And Motion really kind of led point on a lot of that analysis. Cody, how about you? Yeah, same thing. Like we'll have everybody propose their strategy and their plan, but like there should be no reason to start from scratch. Like there's no, you know, blank page, I think. You got to hit that like 80/20 of explore and exploit, but I think for for exploiting like you got to look at what's performed well. And, you know, we try to have a lot of warm-up points. Like we will have like a holiday kits launched soon. We have Labor Day. We have last Black Friday. So, we just build a report of all of them. We just see what traits perform well, anything that you can filter by naming convention. So, we don't have to start with a blank screen, and then we're able to just get more pinpointed in in our strategy hopefully each launch. And and lastly, one thing I really really appreciate about Motion is you don't need to like be this expert in how to use the tool. Like like they're very good at getting you on-boarded, getting your data ingested and connected, and then training you on it exactly how to use the tool. So, if you've been dragging your feet, it's time to get going with Motion. Head over to motionapp.com. All right. So, if anybody has been not living under a rock, if you've been on DTC Twitter, you've seen the apocalypse. It's here. It's coming. Andromeda, which is an awesome name, by the way. Like I think we have to get meta meta credit for that name. It sounds like a some some five-headed monster, but it's funny because Yeah, well, just quickly cuz I did some research on this a couple weeks ago. So, I'm not going to be able to recollect as well as I'd like, but Andromeda, they name a bunch of their internal projects off of Greek mythology. So, like the glasses are called Orion. You've got the Orion constellation. You've got Andromeda. You've got That does make sense cuz it's a badass name. Their like big uh AI cluster is another Greek mythological being or something. Um and Andromeda is some sort of woman. I'm not going to I guys remember the story. We'll have to circle back on this later, but Facebook crushing the naming conventions. Absolutely. Absolutely. So, Andro It's just so funny cuz like especially I feel So, I feel like there's DTC Twitter, and then there's like e-com Twitter, and there there's definitely overlap, but that's a little bit more of like the drop shipping affiliate type space and like the the YouTube gurus. And for some reason like they're just learning about Andromeda now and like the blaming performance right now Andromeda, which came out beginning of the year last year for some things. Um but it's obviously like don't get me wrong, it is a huge thing. I just I just find it funny that right now everybody's talking about it. a lot of people are talking about creative diversity. Um believe that's an old old wooden ship. You know, one one thing we should just make the point. And then I do want to jump into People are blaming Andromeda for poor performance in October right now. Uh you and I are always aligned on this. It pops up like every 9 months or whatever. I got a I got a great stat from our Google rep. She sent me a snapshot. The economic sentiment index has dropped to its lowest level in over 3 years while the potential of November suspension of SNAP benefits will intensify the budget crisis for essential goods shoppers. It's one of those things where it's like, "Is it Andromeda or do people just have less money right now? Are people squeezed for cash?" It feel The government's shut down for 30 days now. Like is there enough uncertainty or enough people affected that people are buying largely people are buying in essential goods on Shopify sites at a slightly lower rate? Like I would bet that's more of what it is versus this like the boogeyman of Andromeda. Absolutely. Yeah, no, I completely agree. Um Barry Haught just tweeted. Maybe we'll put it in the show notes, but Barry Haught just tweeted essentially said the same thing. Like stop blaming Andromeda. Like it's the government shutdown. Like there are so many people out of work. And obviously there were, you know, fiscal concerns ahead of that. So, yeah. No, there's I mean I don't know if you saw the Chipotle earnings yesterday. Chipotle's down like 15%. They're blaming on consumers not spending. A lot of people are blaming it Chipotle on their food quality going down. What's your take on that? Cuz I'm a Chipotle fan. Do you think they've gone down? >> I eat so much Chipotle. >> Uh Do you think they've gone down? Do you think the prices has become high relative to the value? The all The prices of everything are high, frankly. >> [snorts] >> Um uh Chipotle's still good in my book. I I have It wasn't nearly as much of a consumer 8 years ago when people I guess say it was like incredible, but I think it is a perfectly fine meal right now. I eat it all the time. Um do you ever get catering? Cuz like I always joke that if my wife was out of town for a week, I would just get Chipotle catering for a week. No, that's smart though. >> you you dude, you're you're living in LA, you're you're living the bachelor life. I don't know. Yeah, yeah, I should probably I should think about it. But I like I brought that up earlier this year. I remember there was a good um set of statistics where I think it was Cava, Chipotle, and Sweetgreen were all declining growth year-over-year or slowing growth year-over-year, something like that. And honestly, I think that consumer is a great um Like that is the type of person who's also shopping online. Like that is a predominant like you are affluent enough where you're going to Chipotle, you're not just buying Walmart groceries and and those are, you know, e-commerce is only 30% right now. We already know it's the most affluent shoppers shopping on D2C sites. And I think there's just a lot of overlap between that online buyer and the Chipotle, Cava, Sweetgreen customer. And when all those restaurants are slowing year-over-year, I think it's a good indicator for how the rest of the D2C ecosystem might be feeling. Yeah, yeah. No, I agree with that. And and uh I think they said it's it's younger consumers and you know, it's like the 25 to 35 range is really where it seems to be tapped out or struggling the most. Totally. The one thing I said I don't know if you ever saw that tweet. I'm a I'm a big Chipotle fan, but there was like one guy who went to like 40 different Chipotles and ordered the same thing. He got like 40 burritos. Did you see that one? And he like compared them and they were like wildly different. Yeah, well, the Chipotle by my house in Salt Lake was wildly wildly inconsistent. I once got a salad and they put the the salad on top. They put the lettuce on top. Um like they just they had no idea what they were doing. And then you would go into the store and they'd give you a completely different they'd really take care of you. So, Chipotle um can be experienced in many different ways across locations, across in-store, delivery, etc. but I'm bullish. I like the the the the steak bowls are good. Yeah. So, glad we got that out of the way. The economy sucks. We can complain about it all day. Obviously, like it's it's important. Like brands need to know it. Like don't fire your agencies, fire your team because the economy sucks. Like it is a lot harder and don't get me wrong, the standards are are higher. But we we have to be realistic about it. That being said, there's nothing we can do about that. So, let's talk about what we love to talk about. Absolutely. Give us the summary. Like what's your take on these changes? Just like give the the listener who maybe is less informed understanding what Andromeda is, when it came out, why everyone is freaking about it right now freaking out about it right now. Yeah, totally. Um we covered this back in I it was like April, I believe, is when we first did our podcast on it, which basically shows you kind of the the latency between D2C Twitter and e-com Twitter, maybe. The big difference with Andromeda is that they they've released this new more efficient AI engine so that they think they can reference more creative in the ad auction to better match creative with the user. And their point was that they are able to improve ad match quality because of that. And it was something like they were improve improving ad match quality 8% by being able to reference more creative. Now, what the reps will tell you and what the Meta organization will tell you is that because of this change, um the importance of a large amount of diverse creative is more important than ever because now Meta's actually utilizing that in order to serve ads to consumers. So, everybody is now that is like the goal of Andromeda. That is the guidance around how your creative strategy can change. And that is what people are freaking out about right now. So, so practically, what does this look like? What do brands need to do different? Like let's let's get into that or is there any more that you want to share on like the actual underpinnings or cuz there are other changes. There's like gem and lattice and stuff like that. I don't understand it all. My my understanding is just all of this AI, tons of compute thrown at it, and it's just like you need more ads than ever before and you need more different ads than ever before. Right. That's And I think that is as far as like the the important parts of what you need to understand, I think that's more or less it. Yeah, and I I think people have been talking about creative diversity for a while, right? For a year, maybe 2 years. And I I don't feel like it's ever been um super well defined and I feel like with these conversations that people have been having, we're getting closer to that. Of defining what that actually looks like. I also think the big difference I mean, look, I'm sure you guys have been in the same bucket, but the problem with hey, you need diverse creative and we would produce all this creative and it just maybe wouldn't get spend, right? So, so at least the way that I would connect those my experience so far with what Meta is now telling me is like, yeah, a year and a half ago when we were producing a bunch of creative, their ad matching engine was not utilizing the entire catalog of ads in order to serve it to a person. It would be, you know, for the sake of simplicity and efficiency, they would focus on a subset of your ads and then match those with users. So, theoretically, I completely understand, hey, if they are way better at utilizing the catalog, now diversity can actually be utilized at a higher rate and we will benefit from that. So, again, I I think it's all a little TBD. All right, my media buyers will say, hey, we're still kind of not seeing much ad spend get get floated down to the account across this like long tail of ads. Um but it seems as if from a technical perspective, Meta is continuing to invest in this future of massive ad selection and now they are better utilizing all of that. Yeah. The and the one thing that I think everyone seems to be freaking out about and I I I think for good reason and people starting to come around to is the what constitutes a different ad in Meta and to be to be considered different. My understanding of it, and I know nothing about AI and models, is like there are so many ads and there's so much that is Meta's throwing at it and like they're just going to bucket things together as kind of the same ad if they think it doesn't really change the um really though, it's all going back to like the bare auction outcome. It's kind of like if we don't think that this small headline change or even a uh a different visual but with the same offer and the same messaging is going to really change the auction dynamics or like the engagement or the potential conversion rate, we're going to bucket that together and I think that saves them compute and that can kind of say, hey, we don't really have to scan those. We can put resources on other advertisers, other auctions, other bigger swings. So, I think that's the thing that like I was personally very shocked to learn and I think I've been thinking about this a lot and and and advising my team to make ads that look different, right? That if you're doing statics, don't just do, hey, I'm going to do the same image with a different headline. Like I want to do a different ad. I'm like if we're going to change the image, like let's change it more different. But I think like some of those things that either have different message like one like you can have the same ad, one's about a sale, one's about, you know, a feature. Meta buckets those together even though you're like, those are actually we're saying different things because they look similar. Or if you have the similar headline, doesn't have to be the same, similar, right? Like feel great, right? And you have a white background with a grid format and then you have a blue background with a different format. Off not always, but Meta is often saying that those are also a very similar ad. Yeah. And I think [clears throat] that has blown people's minds a little bit. Totally. Um Yeah, look, and I think everybody's still trying to like wrap their minds around what it means to be creative divert creatively diverse and how do you like operationalize that and action that? Uh we were talking about this internally it cuz I think it's helpful is we're we're thinking it more we're thinking about it more from the perspective of what does content look like that people often consume. Like um and I was just I was just making this point. I think we're like over indexing and maybe this segues nicely into one of your points, but like we'll we'll over index quite a bit on performance UGC. Lot of well-done, quick-cutting UGC. Only only some percentage of the Instagram platform actually consumes content that looks like that. So, we should be thinking and we actually have many examples of this, too. Um we'll try things that look like headlines from articles, right? The like uh did you know style uh blocks and then it'll have a big headline like it's breaking news, something like that. That is a new format. That is a very consistently consumed style of content across Instagram and I think creatively diverse. And then if you're put in that mindset, memes are another one. Like memes are different than news articles, are different than UGC, are different than um you know, like beautiful static ads that like people really like consuming. So, I think it's almost like we're thinking ad first. Like, okay, I am the ad strategist. How do I create diversity? And that can be a little bit overwhelming thinking about it more from the perspective of what are people consuming? Has at least been helpful for our internal processes. Is it is this a shift? Like are you is this a shift where you think best practice was or it was it worked to think what ads should we create for this product and shifting to what is social what is organic content that people are consuming in that demo? Is that is that a shift that you guys are making or you think it should have always been done this way? Oh, yeah. No, it's a good question. I mean, it's probably it it probably Well, look, here here's the question. I don't I don't I don't have a an answer, but historically, pre-Andromeda, if you created extremely diverse content in the way that I just described, going content first instead of like, I like the way that you phrased it, ads for a product first, um would would Meta serve budgets across that different content? The answer's like sometimes it would, sometimes it wouldn't. So, I don't know what I would have considered best practice or if we should have been doing something differently. Our strategy has like I think objectively worked to some degree. Um so, I'm not like, oh my god, we've been missing the ball. It's like, but we need to be in the mindset of how are we continuing to evolve with content consumption online and ad algorithms online and like how and and, you you to your points around just reaching net new people, we need to be in that mindset and I think these all kind of are pointing in that direction. Lately, every marketer I talk to says the same thing. The pressure's on, budgets are tight, goals are higher than ever, and I have to prove what's working, not just report it. That's the new reality of marketing. You can't afford to rely on guesses or platform reported results. You need clear, unbiased, causal proof of what's actually driving growth, and that's exactly where Haus comes in. Incrementality testing is the scientific way to measure true impact. It is the most unbiased way to understand true impact, to see what's moving the needle and what's just noise, so you can reallocate spend based on fact, not faith. All of the marketing operators use Haus for their incrementality testing at Hexclad, Jones Road, Beauty and Ridge, and it's becoming a core part of the modern measurement stack. Haus helps you run real experiments across your channels you can answer questions that actually matter, like, which channels are truly driving incremental revenue and which are just taking credit? How much should I really be spending on Meta, Google, and YouTube? What's the halo effect of ads on Amazon or retail sales? And how should I structure my campaign so every dollar goes towards real, measurable impact? What sets Haus apart is the combination of unbiased, rigorous science, and marketer-friendly design. The math under the hood is very complex, but the platform itself is very, very simple. You choose your question, you launch your test in minutes, and you get clear, actual results you can actually use. Plus, every customer, every brand gets a dedicated measurement strategist, and I will tell you what, the Haus measurement strategist team is very dialed in. They are very strategic helping you set these tests up in a way where you're going to get statistically significant results that are actionable. And ultimately, there's someone who has lived in the world of growth and they know how to translate data into strategy, interpret the results, and build a repeatable culture of experimentation across your team. In a world where every marketing dollar is under a microscope, you need to know what's real. Measure what matters with Haus by going to haus.io/operators. That's haus.io/operators. And start allocating your budget with confidence. All right, so I have a list. I tweeted about this this morning, had a newsletter on it. I just have been thinking a lot about this as I plan. So, I'm going to read it. Just stop me for feedback where you agree, where you disagree. But I think I think this goes nicely together. >> Could you share your screen? Yeah, let me do that. You guys seeing this? I'm seeing it. All right, cool. So, all right, I want to start this with number five. To me, this is like where it starts, the underpinning. I think, and this is not like, you know, I'm I I spend most of my time thinking about Jones Road. So, this is not like, oh, Jones Road is doing this great, everyone's bad. Like, this is like, Jones Road is doing this bad and we need to get better. We have to evolve. But I think this is true for Jones Road and this is true for a lot of brands. I think social has changed so much, right? And and I think a lot of teams haven't adapted or evolved. I think so many teams, again, this is this is Jones Road, are stuck it a little bit still in like the the feed-based follower era of Instagram that was pre-TikTok. Mhm. And you created content and it was mostly served to your followers. And, you know, I think there's just a different style of content that works. It's a different place in the funnel. People are consuming platforms different It was a little bit more social media or something else, but, you know, where where they wanted to see what brands had to say and things like that. And with TikTok, every platform is TikTok. Like, I think sometimes people will talk about TikTok and they'll they'll be like, make big TikToks, not not ads, you know, like, followers don't matter. And and they'll kind of like so like organic social teams will do that. And then when they get to Instagram, they'll have a very different approach. And I'm not like, don't throw the baby out with the bathwater. Like, there's still value in doing like some more branded stuff on Instagram and like having a brand presence, but I think every platform that ha almost every platform has a short-form vertical video algorithmically generated feed Mhm. that shows content to people that engage with it that are not necessarily followers. And you can look and and you can look at some brands or celebrities that have millions of followers that get very few views. And I think TikTok is the the most extreme example of this where you can have millions of followers and get almost no views or, you know, vice versa. I've seen some people stand up like Instagram accounts quickly and just make this like super socially native, engaging content, get millions of views on it with like 2,000, you know, followers. I So, I just I just think that is the platform and the algorithm. And it's I'm sure there are differences, but it's not that dissimilar between organic and paid. And people I think what it means, we'll talk about next, but I think people are going to be served content, whether it's an ad or an organic post, um that they engage with, that the algorithm thinks they're going to engage with, right? And no one is seeing the same feed. It's just like whole like monoculture thing is dead. Or it used to be like back 40 years ago, maybe even 20 years ago, it's like, you do a TV ad, everyone sees the same media, there's no personalization, right? And now we're in like the complete other end of the spectrum where it's hyper-personalization at scale. That's like a a term Meta uses a lot. And again, it's true on organic and paid. And I think that is like the real underpinning behind this creative [snorts] differentiation. And it really it's it's style content goes into everything, but it's really who are you creating content for and it's going to be served to people that engage with it versus your followers. Right. Okay, so I think this is an interesting point. One, I totally agree. You know, the the For You feed For You feed For You feed is is a massive shift in social media consumption that happened many years ago at this point. I do think what you're describing and the way that I've been thinking about it, too, is it's forced organic social to be more competitive. You You You previously had almost a captive audience. If I had 100,000 followers and I just posted on my feed and the feed the follower base, I would get distribution and I didn't have to compete nearly as much with other people. Now, it's democratized it a little bit. You could have You could You could start an account today and go viral if you had the right post. Totally. And it's what I joke all the time, dude. I think I think organic social especially like Instagram, um Reels, people are so incredibly good, it's unbelievable. Like Like, just random people in in rural flyover states are making like incredible content because it is Yeah, it's democratized. You could be anywhere in the world at any size, and if you're creating great content, you can earn your way into people's For You feeds. And that has forced content creators to take a more performance lens to things. I think organic social's also become more analytical, right? Um and you can definitely see that with with with some things like YouTube where the random creator's thinking about retention rates and click-through rates and things like that. Um so, I agree with all of this. One point, I think you make it in a different tweet, you say, you guys want to be creating content that gets shared and prioritizing that. Tho- Those these two observations, um you know, creating more content for the For You feed, and then in another thought, you said creating content, ad content in this context, that gets shared, those feel very connected. Would you agree? Yeah, I I think so cuz I think good content is good content. And, you know, you talked about the the social feed is more competitive. Like, that's true across organic and paid, you know? And I think there there should be at least what I've noticed is our best ads, our best performing ads that we can scale the hardest, there is and this is maybe a controversial take in direct response land. There is value in those ads outside of buying something, if you know what I mean. Like, there's some either humor, relatability, education, something like that, entertainment that is of the content outside of ads. And I think the stuff that is just selling, it's outside of like a bottom-of-funnel static, right? I'm talking like top-of-funnel video content, there's there's some value in that. And I think it's obviously a good algorithmic signal, but it's a good algorithmic signal because people are are liking it and Meta's looking at that. This reminds me a little bit of like, you know, David Herman's a big proponent of with a very small percentage of your budget, leave on the ads that are getting good engagement rates despite maybe not having a high ROAS, which is which is kind of what we're saying. And I think the future's definitely some mix. Ridge in the in the past is for sure exclusively focused on the content that's generating ROAS on a measurable basis. Um I do think best-case scenario would be some amount of the account focused on shareability, engagement, because there is value created outside of your one-day click ROAS. Yeah, absolutely. Totally agree. But what But what I do think is I think there's a lot of fantastic content that gets really high engagement that's not generating intent and and isn't creating all that much value. That's why I I do think best-case scenario for someone like Ridge is it's it is a single-digit percentage of budget going to this like engagement-first approach because a lot of the time when we're spending money on Meta, we want to be trying to generate intent. So, at least from Ridge's perspective, we want to be we want to be um far and away uh focused on the the intent-generating content. Yeah, yeah. No, I absolutely agree. And if we were looking at some of the content, I'm thinking like, we had some partnership ads where like, you know, a a girl said, um or like a mom said her kid just woke up for a nap, just woke up from a nap, and like she had 5 minutes to do makeup, but it was there there was just some emotion to that that you could kind of feel that like was relatable to a parent, right? Even though it was like and then she's using product and it's selling, you know? It's just like there's some emotion that it's invoking rather than just buy this thing. So, I agree with you. You can go Yeah. There there's a Venn diagram and and the overlap is probably smaller than I'm making it out to be. But I think the point is there is an overlap. It's not organic here and and DR here. Like there is more of an overlap. Um that that I think needs to happen. And then this goes to my next point. So you know how like this is going to be one of those like statements that you're probably going to be like, yes, like where have you been? Like you've been sleeping? You know how like Mark Andreessen says software is eating the world? Like for our world creator is eating the world. Mhm. We're just we're in the creator era. We've been in it, but like we're very much in the creator era. I think brands are not uniquely positioned to succeed in this era. I think there there there are some, don't get me wrong. And I think the most successful brands and you obviously see creators turn into brands, you know? But I think brands either need to have that engine. It was like 5 years ago when everyone's like, yeah, you have to be a media company. And everyone tried to have their like, you know, Into the Gloss version. It's just like everything obviously for for a consumer brand is is is audience and is is attention. But creators are where all the attention is going. It's not going to your your your press, right? It's not going to TV screens. It's going to these screens and feeds. And you know, we need to either be good at making content or work with people that are good at. So I think that's why partnership ads are working well. But I think that's why I also think this like direct response UGC from these agencies like I again, I'm I think it's dead or dying. I know it still works for some people, but I think I think I think we're in the creator era and I think we used to be in this era where we were in the editor era, right? Where I know you've talked about it. I know Taylor Holiday even said it like that like your highest paid person on your marketing team should be an editor. I'm not saying there's no value in having a a great creative library and being able to make assets, but I think with these Andromeda changes, there's just there's there's a ceiling on it that's a lot lower than it used to be. What's your thoughts on that? Do you Well, let me I have one question here. Uh do you think brands are not well suited to win in the creator era? And is that because content consumption has moved away? Like it will just be hard to drive volume from a single brand profile? Or do you think it's just that brands internally are are not as good at creating content in the way that they need? The latter. I think I think I think both, but the latter is just like not as much native in their DNA. No, again, some it is. Some some it is and then and they crush, you know? Whether they're a Feastables type creator brand, you know, started by a creator like those brands I think are are uniquely positioned, or whether it's just somebody who just really gets it. Mhm. But I I think the majority of like DTC brands, DTC 2.0 brands, it's not their native instinct. Yeah, totally. Um what I would say, at least how how I'm We we have a listing out we're hiring director of social at Ridge. We haven't had an organic social person for 2 years. Um it's going to be a it's going to be a a new hire director level. I'm super excited about it. And what's funny and how it's very related here is like it almost the way it's specked out is it's almost going to be like a performance role. Like it is it is about you're going to have to have the chops to create great content. We're going to have someone curating a beautiful feed. It is how are we getting distribution on these organic channels? The way that I see all these coming together is like I think a big part of this role will be harnessing the power of a larger set of creators. I think we're And and many people are already here, right? But like the best organic social strategy is not necessarily creating content as a brand and posting on social. It's really like seeding a bunch of product and having 100, 200, 300 people who will speak about your brand in an organic way. And the reason why I still think there's a lot of value to extract from like the editor perspective is they the best brand strategy is many times just aggregating that content, re-editing it, and then sharing it via ads and social and and things like that. So where we are incredibly aligned is that the best way to create content right now is at the creator level and in a more distributed way. You're going to get more distribution that way. You're going to get better content that way. And I believe the best content strategy for Ridge, for for our profiles, will really just be repurposing a lot of that content. Okay. Yeah, I was going to ask about that. Like if you see that person working very closely with your paid team and you see more more more overlap than maybe like in years past. Um historically there was essentially no overlap. And next year I imagine them working extremely closely together. Mhm. Yeah, yeah. I mean I think we agree with a lot of it. And again, I'm not saying don't do mashups and edit all that stuff together. I just think there is only so much you can get out of it these days. And and and really the the 80/20 is in the creator content. Yeah. Uh to total alignment there. So what's uh So so you're looking at it from building the team, things like that. Completely agree. I could even see a world where there's actually one creative strategist. And I think that's a crazy thing to say. Obviously look at our size, we need multiple. But it's actually like Cuz think about the majority of creative strategy for for for growth teams is being done for Meta. Not all of it, but and it's social. And I think it's where you guys have done a good job. I believe you guys have creators as your creative strategist, right? Like people that have some Tik Tok following. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And did you do I don't want to put your words in your mouth. Did you do that because you were like, hey, it's easier to teach somebody who knows content, short-form social content, ads than it is to teach somebody who knows ads content? Yes, absolutely 1,000%. And I've seen this mentioned too, where it's like, you know, everything's moving towards content. You made that point earlier. Media buyers trying to become content strategist. And some will totally be able to do it, but I think the way more natural progression is somebody who's already getting Across our team, we've got like in aggregate of 4 million or 5 million followers. It's like the team knows how to create content. They also very much they consume a lot of content and they consume it through a strategic lens. So taking that knowledge and expertise and just putting it through the like, hey, now we need to create content that generates intent to purchase this product is is a much easier gap to bridge than trying to get somebody who's never created content before, doesn't post on social, and try to get them making content or briefing out content that's going to be compelling. Black Friday, you're about to crush it. The real job is keeping that momentum going past Black Friday, past holiday, and all the way into next year. Prussian helps brands turn peak season wins into predictable, profitable velocity. Powered by a suite of proprietary machine learning models and a causality first validation layer, Prussian reveals what actually drove lift. It combines surveys, it combines multi-touch attribution, and incrementality. And then it forecasts where your next dollar media will drive real incremental profit. Top brands like Coterie, Guess, HexClad, Jones Road Beauty, Mary Ruth, and many more are using Prussian to quantify halo effects across Shopify, Amazon retail, so their teams know exactly where to reinvest. So, what actual questions can Prussian help you answer? Let's dig into it a little bit. Question number one, do I need to increase, decrease, or reallocate spend for the shopping season? Prussian shows the optimal media mix to drive the strongest Q4 performance, whether your budget grows or shrinks. Question number two, where should I put additional Q4 budget? Prussian delivers recommendations based on current BFCM dynamics, your vertical, and your optimal ad spend allocation. Question number three, can Prussian measure cross-channel effects, especially between Shopify and Amazon? Yes, Prussian uniquely tracks halo effects and ad impact across both platforms, revealing where to dial back and where to double down. This is actually one of the very first problems that HexClad onboarded with Prussian to solve is understanding the total impact across both dot com and Amazon over ad spend. Prussian's models are benchmarked against $6 billion in ad spend, so the recommendations you are getting aren't just theory. They've actually been tested against billions of real media dollars. And if you are ready to see where your next dollar media will drive profit, visit prussian.ai.com/operators to forecast your growth with Prussian. So I mean a lot of this a lot of my my my takes here are just things that you're already doing. Either that you're thinking about or or already doing. So I think it's interesting that we're like getting to it at different times and points. And and also getting getting to it slightly differently, but I find it interesting and and telling that like we're we're kind of coming to very similar conclusions, you know, at the same time. Yeah, yeah. No, I had this it was I mean it was probably 2 years ago now, 2 and 1/2 years ago, where we were hiring for a No, no, no. I mean frankly like um No, no, no. There's we're probably split 50/50. Like we're still super DR UGC focused. We are somewhere in between like creator era and editor era. We're like right in between there. But um I was really blown away. I think we were hiring for an organic social role a couple years ago, and we didn't end up hiring for it. We ended up hiring a creative strategist instead. And I was blown away by the quality of creators that were applying. And that was like the lightbulb moment for me where I was like, oh, this this is the skill set we want to be hiring for. Um or it's just a fantastic indicator of who we can train up internally. They're relatively They were relatively junior roles at the time um to actually become like a high-performing creative strategist. I love that. No, I think that's great. I I love that. I've been thinking a a lot about that. Um cuz I feel like that's like it's like putting your money where your mouth is. It's like if you believe in creator, not only is are you working with creators, but you're actually making a creator like a leadership position in your company. >> Right. Totally. And I I mean obviously you guys did that with with Mark as and stuff like that. And I know you're you're learning content from him as well. But like I think that's just like such a great way to put your money where your mouth is and and really being creator first. And we can do an entire episode not just paid social on like how to lean into creator. Like we're having, you know, we're you'll see a lot of brands doing it, but we're doing we're doing product collabs with creators, you know? Like like I think I think the era of celebrity partnerships is, you know, is is is still going to happen, but I think creator partnerships is going to, you know, obviously be a a bigger thing. So, do you um foresee Jones Road hiring a creator to create content for you internally? So, uh here I was at the meta Yeah. Um potentially, yes. Okay. Cuz I was just going to say like we haven't we haven't gotten there at all. We have creators on the team, but they're in strategy roles briefing out to other people creating content. And at some point we probably make that jump, and I'm just curious where you sit on it. Yeah, here's here's where I'm at. We're testing something right now. Uh by the way, this will be I think we have Jaymo from VaynerMedia on next week. Bobby and I know Gary a little, and he's been I have like a bunch of friends from like high school that work for him. And so, we have a good relationship, and occasionally he'll share some advice. And and we were chatting social lately, and like his whole thing is is brandformance, which is like very the similar hypothesis, but they'll just see whatever does well organically. And and what I don't know, I can ask we can ask Jaymo is whether they actually just run that as an ad or they're like take those insights, make it a little bit more DR, but it's that's like a lot of their hypothesis and and kind of like teaching. So, that'll be interesting. So, we were at we were at the meta performance roadshow like a month ago, maybe 6 weeks ago. And do you know that um like the new product where you can see like what reels are trend or what topics of reels are trending in your space? I was like, I wish I had a full-time creator or two that just sees that and is working 40 hours a week and just like makes makes reels and just like puts it up in the account. Like no approvals, no anything. Cuz cuz like I think a lot of times like brands' organic social teams, right? They're they're doing everything in Asana. There's multiple rounds of edits, stuff like that. Like that's not how social should be done. But like that's also how a lot of agencies are. Like if you think about these UGC agencies in quotes, like there's there's pre-production meetings, there's scripts, there's approval by committee where it's like the agency sometimes are making edits that the brands are asking them to make not for performance reasons. And then there's also so many hypotheses or opinions of you got to change this, got to change this, and it's like let's just let performance dictate, you know? And I think it's like it's it's a very slow workflow. And it's like it's, you know, I find that content like not produced enough to be brand building, right? But not like like too produced to like Yeah. So, I think you should go higher low is like one of my other thoughts. Okay, I like this point a lot. I think that's a good one. And look, I think on this I think me, you, and Connor are all in the boat of the like I don't think we're like bureaucratic or like over operationalized, but like we're way more in that realm. You know what it reminds me of a little bit? Also extremely early to this trend is Oliver from Tabs Chocolate, who's now doing Boss Box. >> Is I mean that was at least 3 years ago, three or four years ago. He was like, "Look, I have dozens of creators. They all have individual brand pages on TikTok." So, they all look like, from a consumer perspective, like they are posting from the Tabs Chocolate TikTok, but there's no approvals. Those people were just on retainer and then a small CPM bonus based on the views that they drove. And that's kind of the future that you're talking about. It's just like just solve it in mass, and then I don't think Tabs Chocolate got to the point of running ads um probably at some point, but you can imagine a future where you've produced so much content that re-ingesting that through the official brand page, through the official brand ad account is much easier, and you have a lot to work with. And that is uh that is a that is a kind of workflow of content creation that I don't think all that many brands are tapped into. Yeah, so and so so that's what we're going to before I'm going to hire two creators cuz again, I don't know if that's the move. Um what I'm doing it cuz I was essentially thinking about that, and then with TikTok Shop a lot of people are doing that on TikTok Shop, right? Where like they'll they'll see TikTok Shop creators, you know? The reason why I think that's the style of content is first of all, it's social, right? It's on TikTok. But also there's some level of sales and persuasion that these creators know. Right. >> And then they'll run it GMV max, and whatever performs well they'll then take that over to meta, right? Like that's a perfect work stream. We're just not on shop and don't want to be. So, I found essentially a version of uh you know, I intro'd you to the other day a version of uh of Oliver. There's just these like cracked kids who just have like TikTok Shop Discords and WhatsApps of like hundreds of creators. I have no idea how they find them, but like we're going to sound so old saying this. And so, we're we're testing it, and you can get a lot of content very cheap. And we we launched the stuff yesterday. So, I don't know how it's doing it, but I am as impressed with this stuff compared to almost anything we've gotten from any of these like UGC agencies. And but the thing is it's cheaper, right? And it's also like lower lift. Like we didn't brief it, we didn't script it, we didn't edit. Like we got content, and we put it up, and I think it's A, volume is super important, but also like we're not making all of these variations. Like we're getting one video, we're getting two video, but they're like different videos from each creator. We're not like, "Hey, we need, you know, four concepts with four hooks, and we're going to take 2 weeks to edit them." It's just like boom, give us stuff today, they post it, it goes up. Yeah. So, that's what we're doing. No, I I I like that a lot. Um I think it's a good strategy. I think it's super aligned. It it's really interesting. Um we're all in the same bucket. But like not only are we talking about something are the people that you're talking about, are they posting on their own channels or they're just delivering content? We are not we're just getting content cuz we're not on shop. So, but you definitely could. That would just be a different strategy. Um and I also yeah, I wonder how much correlation you would have. Like I wonder if you could save creative testing costs by seeing what actually does well organically first, and then like not launching as much paid Potentially. I like and and that make it makes total sense conceptually. It goes back to my earlier point where I'm like, "I do worry about I think there's stuff that would do decently from an organic perspective, but might generate intent at such a high rate that you're actually just better off promoting it." You know what I mean? There's almost like a sweet spot of like gets enough engagement, but is salesy enough that it's a fantastic ad, but might not have like gone viral in the feed. Yeah, no. I mean I agree. Even with partnership ads, like we'll do a lot of like, you know, paid influencer work, and run that as a partnership ad. And we haven't found a good correlation between like what does well as an organic reel. Like something will will will will will do great there and won't do great as an ad, and vice versa. So, I agree. Um and then so so here's this is a test. If this works, we're going to scale it up. Like it's a super easy thing to do and just and just scale up and find more creators to do. Uh number two, I want to hire one of the successful creators as like a freelance creative strategist. So, uh I think you guys have done this well. I think like um Alejandro from Mott & Bow has done this really well where like he has a pod, and he'll have a creative strategy pod by different product. Mhm. I want to do it by persona. Like I want to hire one of the creators and and and have her on retainer as a creative strategist. And so, anytime we have a launch, it's like, "Okay, you're a mom you're a creator who's a mom, help us come up first make content, and then also come up with all of the things we should be saying to moms for this, you know?" And then if we have a busy professional instead of our next one, like let me find somebody in that. That's like my thing, which is kind of similar to what you've done for your creative strategy team. But at the persona level, which makes which makes total sense. Um Yeah, look. I I think you're totally right. I think we'll talk about this way more over the next year. Have you heard any of the interviews from Hudson at Comfort? No, I met him once, and it was like pretty early, and and I know a little bit of the strategy. Um tell me more about And then and then one last thing, and then I want to hear I want to hear cuz it seems like they're they're like the best of us. >> Well, that that that's all I'm going to say is they they just they do the TikTok Shop affiliate route to incentivize people to create content. They do it at massive volume. I've heard they have hundreds of thousands of people signed up as TikTok Shop affiliates. Uh and and then and then they are just producing such mass content that they're able to repurpose across Snapchat, things like that. Like he's just absolutely nailed extremely high volume content. You get everything you could possibly have under the sun. You get a handful of great ads on that, and that feeds like awesome paid strategy. Um and I think that's an extremely modern way of doing it. Yeah, no, dude. Um when we were at Beanstalk, like Shawn organized a brunch, and there were a few guys there doing similar things, and it's just it's just wild. And I think you know how like when we started in D2C and like meta ads were like the arbitrage, and we looked at these like older brands doing like, you know, radio ads and TV, and like we thought they were old. I think that's how these guys look at us. Oh, for sure. Yeah, yeah. No, 100%. Um I've Yeah, yeah. Someone called this old heads on Twitter recently, and I was like, "Yeah, that's that's accurate." We're about to be called unk. What you're also describing um is very like Wopp adjacent. Yeah. And like Wopp is it was introduced to me as a clipping platform early on, which was like you would have a the equivalent of Discord. The community actually live in Wopp, but like you would be feeding them content, they'd be clipping it out, they'd be sharing it, you'd be getting new variations and distribution that way. But Wopp's also moved into actual just UGC content creation, which is exactly what you've described. So, Oh, I didn't know. I feel like SaaS is actually ahead here. Like like obviously there's like Chloe and all that stuff. Like I feel like SaaS is actually probably doing this better than like a lot of CPG. Dude, B2B I think I think Connor and I had a conversation around this earlier this year because B2B SaaS is the most interesting I think a lot of it comes from uh actually some of the crypto stuff or the gambling stuff are like they end up doing some of the most interesting um marketing strategies right now. It's all organic driven because you can't, you know, there's more limitations on what you can say and do when you're promoting gambling on meta or whatever. Um, but just because of that they they've there's a lot of these like really interesting case studies. So, um yeah, I think we could be learning from the the B2B SaaS guys. Yeah. And then and then last thing and and um like he always does Taylor Holiday, you know, had some pushback on this tweet. And and I I I might agree with this part. I hate to say it and I also owe him a rebuttal cuz he him and Andrew Ferris sub-tweeted me on on a pod. So, we got to get to that one soon. Um, but he said he was like how does having like a full-time creator get you to differentiated creative? And that's my only thing I don't know about is like I don't know if we want to pay, you know, let's say I'm just going to say 7K a month if you know, if I have 7K a month, I don't know if it is the most effective to have that go to one person to get 40 reels. It might be better to take that 7K across a bunch of different people. I don't know. Um, I think maybe some combination of each. Yeah, for sure. I mean, if the goal is exclusively creative diversity, one person's probably not the right way to go. But there's so much value if they are creative like you have to think, right? Creative diversity is good. But at the end of the day like the best Jones Road I'm trying to think. Like um creative diversity is good, but it's not as if the the optimal scenario is an evenly distributed set of diverse creative that you have [clears throat] 10% of this, 10% of this, 10% of this. For Jones Road, it's going to be I don't you know, I don't know exactly what it is. But you'll over-index in a certain type of creative that just does better for your largest swath of of customers and potential customers. Um, and having a creator who's really good at producing for that person it's totally worth paying 7K a month for 40 reels a week. Yeah, exactly. Cuz it's not that's not our that's 5% of our creative resources. Yeah, exactly. You know, for a month. It's not It's not like that. So, yeah, I think from a budget but if you're starting out, right? Should you be hiring a full-time creator? Probably not. But you can also make the argument you actually don't need that much creative diversity if you're just starting out. You just need content. Yeah, absolutely. So, I remember like right around Christmas time when most people should probably normal people were like off taking that taking their time chilling with family. I was like looking through our P&L, our budget for next year and I was like how are we going to save money? And one things I did is I leaned all out of our partners and I remember slacking Ameet from RichPanel and I was like what can you do? How can you help us? We had just switched to RichPanel few months before, went really well. And I I told him jokingly by the way, I want to throw it out there jokingly, that if he could help cut about 500K from our customer service cost, I'd get a RichPanel tattoo. Well, we did that. You've probably seen the tweet. He did some AI thing of me with a neck neck tattoo. I'm not going to do it. Sorry Ameet, but I will talk about how much I love RichPanel and how much Ameet has helped us. So, we had 18 support agents before. It was a lot and it just was not scalable. We had so many people. We had this like old legacy software. It was slow, it was broken, it was expensive and it just took too many people to operate. So, we not only made the switch, but Ameet and his team really helped us. Now we have eight people and we have a much better CSAT score. Our numbers are way better. Our response times are way quicker. We're leveraging a lot of automation, a lot of AI, but again has not hurt customer experience. We track and I get a weekly report of our CSAT, of all of our stuff, of our NPS and it's going up cuz we're actually able to get back to people, get people better answers. Uh, the the automation learns from our best agents. So, it just continually is getting better. We switched to RichPanel about 2 weeks before Black Friday. Might be a crazy thing to do, but it was super easy. We came out of Black Friday for the first time in 3 years with no ticket backlog. The software and support has blown us away. I highly recommend you switch. If you do it and they save you a lot of money, you should probably get a tattoo, but it's not something my wife would let me get away with. But yeah, if you're running an e-commerce brand, I highly recommend you switch to RichPanel. You'll be able to leverage their software, save money on software costs, which is great, while saving a significant amount of money on personal costs. So, if you want to go into Q4 with a leaner, smarter support setup and come out of there without this crazy ticket backlog, just make your CX team happier, go to richpanel.com/demo. Tell them Cody from Marketing Operations sent you and tell them you're ready to get a tattoo. All right. Well, that was fun, Cody. That was a good conversation. Creative got me flowing, got me got my juices flowing, a lot of ideas. But want to pause, take a break cuz we have a special guest with a special sponsor segment. We have Kathy Sun, the VP of e-commerce from AppLovin here to talk about AppLovin Axon. They just released their uh self-serve Axon ad manager, which is open to anyone with a referral code, which we have. It's uh it's a long one, so we'll make sure we put it in the show notes. Uh, DM us if you need it. But Kathy, thank you so much for joining us. Yeah, thank you. Really happy to be here. I always thought I'd be on this podcast at some point. I'm glad we were able to make it happen. Yeah. I'm glad you chose this one over operators. That's all I got to say. >> Um, but yeah, really excited to be here. Big big news. AppLovin uh Connor and I both been spending for over a year, but you guys have obviously been making a lot of progress, a lot of making a lot of waves and is now available self-serve and to everybody with a referral code. Um, again, we'll we'll share the code. It's a it's a long one, but if you need um highly recommend getting on on AppLovin. Uh, Kathy, my first question for you, what is Axon? What is Axon? Axon is uh the name for our new self-serve platform. It's AppLovin as everyone knows, but to the extent that people are not yet aware and you know, we we have actually only been around for a year. It's basically it's showing long-form um video ads in in mobile games. So, they're around 35 seconds long on average and you imagine yourself you're playing a game, you're playing 5-10 minutes and then there's a you start a new game, there's going to be a longish ad in there that you can then watch and then to the point that if you want to buy something, you click and then there's a deterministic match to a purchase that happens on your website. So, um I'm happy to show an example if that would be helpful to people. Let's do it. Okay. >> really be watching more ads on this show, Cody. And it's embarrassing that this only happens once in a blue moon. I have no idea [clears throat] what's going to pop up. So, um let's see. So, can can you guys see my screen? Yes. And we should describe we're looking at a mobile solitaire game. Yes. So, we're looking at this game. Um, I will actually share you guys a link to it. It's it's uh an indie game developer. Um, a friend of uh someone on the team built this, but it only shows e-com ads. So, I think that helps a little bit. But you can see it's a pretty basic solitaire game. You're trying to get some points here. I have 100,000 points and here it's if I uh if I click this and I can double the points that I'm going to able uh I'll be able to get for the next 5 minutes. So, if I look see that I'm in a good spot, I might click that. And sorry, that you can't get the audio, but this looks like it's ad for Paleo Valley. So, you can see there's no way to kind of swipe away from this ad. You're you're basically sitting here for >> you know, a full minute, right? Uh it looks like in this case. And you just end up kind of I mean, what are you going to do? Put your phone down and stare into space? Like it's it's really engaging, immersive. You're there, you're watching the entire message as you wait to get back to your game. And you're getting a real reward at the end of the day, right? You get a hit of dopamine when it's over and you feel like, okay, there was an actual value exchange. It wasn't something that's kind of annoying me in the middle of the other content that I'm trying to look at. Um, I'm actually getting something for this. So, this is actually the interactive. So, this is a um the video has ended and after the timer runs out. So, this is this is a special part of um the AppLovin ad format in the second screen. Sometimes this is a mini game. I know Paleo Valley has a couple of those as well. Um, but if you click on this, obviously you go to their website. And then the third screen of the ad is this dynamic product ad. So, again they've brought in their feed. It's probably Marpipe or something like that. Looks pretty nice. Um, and I'll just click and see what happens. Oh, sorry. But yeah, it that it hypothetically that would go to um that would go to your website. So, uh uh uh super super interesting. I'm curious cuz that's not there's many different ad units within AppLovin now, right? They're not all completely non-skippable in the way that we just watched. We In that in order to get the 2x points >> is a bit of a longer one, yes. Um, but they're all three parts like that and the shortest one you can skip after around 5 seconds and most people skip at the 8-second mark. So, on average it's about 35 seconds the whole experience. And then and then I'm curious um I'm I'm asking for Ridge here. Uh like what what percentage of our ads are showing up in the fully non-skippable inventory? It's about 50/50 across the board. Yeah. Cuz I'm always saying I'm always saying uh just the the quality of the ad units really high. Full-screen takeover, short-form vertical video. I always bring up the five non-skippable seconds. I'm like that's extremely valuable. Um, and I wasn't even aware that we had so so much of our inventory going towards non-skippable ads. Yeah, this is the main thing with people that have tried it is um we get really basic questions on what the ad format even looks like even from people that have spent millions of dollars on the platform, which is pretty funny to me, but um I get it. It's hard if you download any random game because there's so many gaming ads to even find the e-com ones. And so, hopefully, you know, we'll share the link to this one, but you should see all e-com ads in this one and then you can start to start to see the experience. But yeah, they they tend to be very long. Um, you know, last last Q4, I think it was January, we we put out an official number that we were at about a billion-dollar run rate in e-com spend back then. So, if you think about, you know, you guys probably see around a $25 CPM, that's like 100 million impressions a day at 35 seconds each you're running a million hours of ad view time per day. Then it starts to make sense of why we're driving millions of dollars in sales, right? I mean, there's the algorithm behind it, but just the sheer amount of time that people are spending with your ads, I think is is pretty unique and it's it's a pretty good format. So, yeah, it seems like from my perspective of the market, you guys kind of came out of nowhere last year. You know, I think a lot of D2C advertisers hadn't heard about you. And I think there was there was very equal parts optimism. I think brands have been have wanted another channel to to scale and that has scale and significant performance for so long and there have been very few that were very consistent for a bunch of brands. But then there was also there was a ton of optimism, but there was also I think a lot of skepticism because, you know, how could this working so well so quickly? So, how what makes the the engine so good? Like what why are brands able to scale so hard and see like really good performance when you know, a lot of these other things have not worked? Yeah, 100%. I mean, I think we're so used to skepticism as a business. I mean, my background is that I I invested in the business in 2018 when I was at KKR. I think we were one of the first kind of outside institutional capital in the business at that time and we were able to invest at like a 1.4 billion equity valuation and you can see where it is now and the only reason we were able to do an investment at that time at that kind of multiple is that, you know, everyone's skeptical. Everyone doesn't believe in mobile gaming inventory. Historically, there hasn't been any model that any other industry outside of gaming has been able to use to be competitive, I think, in in that inventory, right? Cuz if you think about it, in the gaming space we're we're really really strong and gaming advertisers don't do things on instinct. They they are extremely performance oriented. I mean, I don't I don't think they do as much in terms of upper funnel and omni channel and TV the way that other advertisers do and so they really really look at the numbers and so at the time I was thinking if if mobile gaming advertisers are willing to spend money on this channel, that means there's something here, right? Um and it's it's not a small market, right? It's about 100 billion of spend happens in mobile games a year on in-app purchases and currency and things like that. And the reason that we're able to, I think, be very competitive with Facebook and Google in this in the gaming industry specifically in our history is that the models are always really good at predicting who would install and actually make those purchases inside the game. So, actually buy currency, buy gems, buy whatever it is. And the our models has kept getting better and better. So, if you think about it, of the what we disclosed last year, we were about a billion in e-commerce, 10 billion in in gaming spend. And I think last quarter we were growing 80% year over year. So, our models are still continuing to get better and better at just finding purchasers. Cuz you think about it, like nobody wants to play a game and buy something, right? So, it's a combination of the model and then the ad format that I showed you that I think is is pretty differentiated. One thing I've thought a lot about that I think is unique is again um I've said this from the very beginning about AppLovin cuz the CPMs are higher than Meta. Yeah. But the watch time is so much longer, right? Like we have a we have our best at I mean, undoubtedly um our our great thumb stop rate on Meta for us if someone watches 3 seconds, it's about 30%, 35%, something like that. On AppLovin, you have five non-skippable seconds. So, all of a sudden if you're looking at cost per thousand impressions, AppLovin might be double what Meta is. It's like roughly what it is for us, maybe a little bit more. But if you look at cost per five seconds watched, it's like it's like a 60% cheaper on AppLovin than it is on Meta and I think that often goes missed. And and I was thinking about like how is that even possible? And it's because I think the gaming inventory is so unique in that people are very locked in. They are there to play their game. It is a very There's just more retention. If Meta rolled out five non-skippable seconds on Reels, people would just click out and go watch YouTube shorts or watch TikTok. >> It's a completely different dynamic, which is why playing game it's helpful because people are actually clicking and wanting to watch that ad or they are, you know, playing a couple games and then an ad comes up. So, they've been playing 15 minutes and then there's a single ad. So, it's very different from a feed like TikTok or Instagram where, you know, every other one is an ad and so that's why we can that's why people are okay with watching such a long ad because it's similar to TV. You watch 15 minutes of a TV episode, then you watch an ad that that's a that feels fine versus you don't want to be watching one every every one minute of TV, one minute of ads, right? So, it's just a different it's a different kind of economic equation between the user and the ad. Totally. And then do you know cuz just also I'm really curious, I don't mean to derail the conversation too much here, Katie, but what percentage of ads are viewed because they're getting rewarded in the game? Like that example that you showed. Yeah, so it's like that 50/50 that we discussed. So, when they get a reward, it can go minimum minimum 30 seconds, right? When they're not getting a reward and it's between they're just trying to get to the next level, it's probably yeah, that's that's where the five-second one comes in. But it's but it's a five-second is only the first screen, then you get the second screen and the third screen. So, the overall minimum is still like 10 seconds. Love it. If you are running or operating a DTC brand, the next few months, BFCM and the holidays are your Super Bowl. The question is, are you doing everything you can to maximize average order value on every single purchase? After sell by Rockt to make sure you are. After sell is the leading post-purchase optimization suite trusted by over 50,000 e-commerce brands. With one-click upsells, cart and checkout optimizations, and Rockt thanks monetization, After sell helps you get the most out of every transaction without adding friction. Brands like Jones Road, Ridge Wallet, Hex Clad, and Shoe Classic love it and here's why. The data tells the story. One-click post-purchase upsell that convert up to 16% of buyers instantly. Smart checkout and cart offers that feel natural, not pushy, driving up to 30% higher AOV. And Rockt thanks, which turns your thank you page into a profit center with premium partner offers from brands like Disney Plus and HelloFresh. Hex Clad's been using After sell for a really long time. I love After sell. First off, there's no friction with After sell. It's all happening post-purchase. So, it plugs in really really well with your existing funnels that your team is spending hours building and optimizing. And it it truly is just incremental revenue on top of orders you're already going to get. Naturally, a subset of people that have already made a purchase for you are going to see this after sell push. There's going to be an offer that they really like and they're going to add that product on with one click. There is literally hundreds of thousands of dollars of incremental revenue happening on Hex Clad every single month simply through this post-purchase after sell up and cross-sell. And it is very easy to set up. You don't need any custom design, no custom HTML. It plugs in really nicely to your post-purchase page and it's just incremental revenue on top of all the conversions that you're already driving. So, it's really a no-brainer to set up. It's crushing for Hex Clad. On average, brands using After sell see a 30% lift in AOV and 20 to 30,000 dollars in pure profit per 100,000 orders from Rockt thanks alone. Don't just sell more, make more from what you're already selling. Head to aftersell.com/operators to activate Rockt thanks and get the full After sell suite free exclusively for Marketing Operators listeners. I have I I have so many questions. It's just like where do we want to get? >> We're having fun. What what do brands need to know? I want to share from me and Connor's perspective cuz obviously we're we're we're both spending on the platform and and can talk about what performance. But like Katie first, like what do brands need to know about getting on AppLovin? Are there certain types of brands that succeed? Is it certain demographics? Are there certain creative styles? Is it certain average order values? Does it work for everybody? Where where do we start? I would say you guys are pretty sophisticated. You guys know a lot relative to the average e-commerce brand because they haven't been able to get into the platform, right? And so, I would just kind of go back to the fact that we've launched this self-serve platform. We've completely rebuilt our systems. I don't know if you guys remember when we even switched from billing to credit card. Now everyone's like, we didn't even have a system to accept credit card before and now we do. Um so, it's been, you know, this huge sprint over the entire year and last summer to to get the platform ready for this and we've leaned into is just simplicity. So, you guys know we don't have all sorts of different targeting options. It's basically you can go Our goal is like 15 minutes from couple clicks, pixel install, drop in a couple 9 by 16 videos. I mean, the more the better, obviously, 9 by 16 images and you could have a campaign going very very rapidly, right? Without much effort and manual intervention by advertisers. That's where we think the market is going and we've kind of built for that. in terms of what people should know, I think what what I think is very interesting is the opportunity for a lot of the smaller brands that have started with us. I mean, we have people at this point we started on October 1st. We already have people who you know, came in off the street and are spending more than five uh figures a day. So, I think that's a really positive sign for how even without a person hand-holding them along the way and making creatives for them that they can they can be successful on their own. And and Connor, you've said this a lot, but I think talk about like the creative and like being able to port it over and like having it be like in another place to put, you know, creatives that you're already seeing. Like how Uh yeah, yeah. So, our I've talked about this all the time. I just mentioned it that I think what is easy for advertisers to not take account is the difference in the ad unit. So, you have these you just have a significantly better watch time. It is It is four or five times better than than something like a meta. Um so, we can edit our content accordingly, right? On meta when we're running ads, we need to earn those first 3 seconds. That's why you have we do gunshot hooks and we have people shredding wallets and things like that cuz we want to get them interested immediately so that they're not It's called a thumb stop. We don't want them uh swiping right past. Apple is fundamentally different for the first 5 seconds of that ad. We can actually It's more like a YouTube in-stream where you also have five non-skippable seconds. We can establish a premise. We can earn attention in a way that's a little bit more substantive and I think our creative should reflect that. Um so, I talk about that all the time. And it is short-form vertical video, so we have a lot of content that already fits that format. It's just a matter of editing it a little bit differently given the ad unit. My second question is it's not so much a question, but feedback that I've gotten from the Apple Oven team that I've we've internalized and are trying to action on better going into November and December is the importance of Cody and I just talked about this for 45 minutes. Uh more ads. And I think And and Kathy, I'd love for you to comment on this. What I've been told is the way the ad auction works, it's kind of naturally higher frequency. Therefore, we need to have more ads so we're not driving up frequency on the exact same piece of content all the time. Is that correct? Yeah, I I would say if you if you play that game a little bit, you'll start to see we only have a couple hundred advertisers in the platform. Pre-sell, right? You'll start to see the same advertisers over again cuz that's all we have, right? I I was super excited the other day because I bought um I bought a Graza boxed wine off of one of our ads and then I got two other wine-related advertisers in a row. I was like, "Oh, we actually are now starting to build density in different categories versus there's only one furniture advertiser. There's only one, you know, uh wallet advertiser. You start to have multiple. But without that, if the if the um model has a signal that, you know, someone's interested in wallets, they're going to chase that person down with the only wallet offer they have for >> Totally. a extended period of time. And then imagine if you're watching a minute-long commercial, you don't want to watch that same one over and over again. That's just going to annoy you. Versus if you see a lot more options, then you start to learn more and more and at the end of the day suddenly you've watched like a full hour of ads about Ridge for some reason. Like there's like you must buy. Like the model will force you. Um I will tell a story about one of our one of our advertisers that joined very recently. Um we we saw that they were they were doing pretty pretty well. They're kind of like a small brand, uh like a two-person shop selling cookware. And their revenue was around like 12K at the time. They're spending 2K on the platform. Like the ROAS looks pretty solid there, but they had three videos and one um interactive or one end card, right? So, we jumped in and we tried to explain all this stuff to them. We made some interactives for them. They just put more videos in here that are long-form. Uh their revenue in within, you know, a month jumped from 12K to 130K. It's just It makes a massive difference. And that's not their revenue from us. That's their revenue overall. So, today we make 70 make up 70% of their revenue. Wow. That's crazy. And you know, their ROAS is about like 150 to 200 or like 2X. So, it's a pretty decent profit for them on every item they sell. And like that's why we're really excited about self-serve cuz we feel like some of these brands that come in, we really have an opportunity to actually change the the course of their business. And it can just be as simple as put more ads in. I will tell you when we first reached out to them, they said we don't have ads. And then when we started making money, they're like, "Oh, yeah. It's actually pretty easy to make a ton of ads." Right? You stitch other stuff together. It doesn't you know, you don't have to make new new brand new content necessarily. So, I love that story except for the fact that uh we're hearing about another cookware brand on Marketing Architects. It's a little It's a little uh little bit of a faux pas. We're we're we're at Axon here. Um also big supporters of the the Apple Oven ad platform. Yeah, 100%. I think like from my side like Apple Oven feels I know I know we're talking about like the creative differences um and like how users are using the platform feels different than paid social, but I feel like all other aspects are are very similar. I think that's one reason why I'm I'm I'm curious if you guys engineered it this way, but you know, Axon is a very good and simple ads manager. It's like interface is really good and simple. You It seems to have a a model where it's not manual targeting and it's very similar to what, you know, most people are are used to on meta and paid social. For creative is a really important thing. Um there's just not that many options really, so it makes it very easy. And then I think it seems to be >> complaint. Yeah, people want more buttons to press. They're like, "What can I do?" And I'm like, "Put more diverse ads." No, it's just more similar. And then also like it you can scale it very quickly and aggressively for like a launch and a promo versus like, you know, outside of when people are thinking about where do they go from meta? It's like YouTube, TV. It's like those are just like a very different way to do it. The measurement is completely different on those. Apple Oven I just think is closer to how most brands and teams are operating on meta, which I think just gives it more familiarity. Yeah, sure. Yeah, I think the measurability has been something that people have been really excited about because we do have a click, so it's, you know, Actually Sean Frank came up with this at a dinner we were at. He said it's clickable TV. He's like, "It's the length of a TV ad, but you can actually click and there's UTMs and you can use whatever you want." I mean, um GA Google is a great partner of ours. Triple attribution works really well. Like Northbeam um is awesome. And then a a bunch of people have done a lot of incrementality testing on the platform as well and and had really really good results. So, I think that's that That's what gives people faith that it's working and they can measure it. Yeah, we've got we've got a few holdouts on our belt. So, I have gone both ways to be totally transparent on how I feel about it and how it's working for us. I will say it it has always performed very well total incrementality for us. Yeah. The challenge we have had is just not always being able to reach new people and we've tried, you know, various things. Um we had we had lunch with some of your team a few weeks ago and they gave us feedback. They're like, "You guys just need way more creative." And I just didn't know that. Like I actually thought we had a decent amount of creative and they shared like what, you know, the volume of creative other advertisers are doing. And we've seen success. And so, we we still don't see the the best ratio compared to other channels. It's probably the worst ratio that we have of new versus repeat. But I've think about a few ways. The total return is actually so good that like I'm just making up. Let's say that we're like on meta we use Northbeam for a lot of stuff. Let's say on meta we're we're looking for like a one, right? Like a one one-day click. Well, there's a very little delta between new versus total for us now, right? On Apple Oven we might see like a 50% delta, but our one-day our new one-day click is actually not far off of our our meta. It's like similar just below. And I And like I I think there's a lot of optimizations we can make. So, it's actually a much better total return. It's a much better like just like dollars in dollars out is actually looking a lot better for us. And so, I think I just had to get past looking at just the ratio and the percent new and stuff like that. It's like, "I'll take a 10% worse new customer return still within our our our goals or ranges because the total return is that much better." Yeah, and that's the incremental total return, right? I mean, I think there's there's someone that would have shopped anyways, but if if they're repeat customer, they're a loyal customer and you measure it with a house or work magic or measured study and that is actually incremental return. I think there's still value to that. I don't know if you would dispute that. Oh, for sure. Yeah, yeah. Cody and I haven't thought about that yet. That's why CAC doesn't matter. Yeah. No, so I agree with that and I think I think everybody weights it different, right? And every business values a new versus a total differently. Um I do think that incremental and repeat often get kind of correlated together when it's not the same. Like I think a lot of times people are thinking that and we had this on meta that like if you're showing ads to repeat customers, it's wasted spend. It's like, "No, that can still be very incremental." Right? We've had that when we had exclusions not work properly on meta either. Like and then we fixed them like our repeat revenue went way down. Like it wasn't wasted spend. It just wasn't going to new customers. Um and so, I just think different businesses value it differently. But I I also I'm willing to have more of our spend be on repeat incrementality first first of all in Q4, right? Like definitely on that. Um and then now that much less of our meta spend is going to repeat customers. Like I don't mind it nearly as much. So, that's why we're back on it. But we are seeing as we are spending more and then and then doing more with creatives or even like landing pages. Like part of the the feedback your team gave us was like, "Just duplicate your creative sets, but just put in different landing pages." And I was like, "That's the lowest lift thing." Like if that works, like that's great. And I think that's been a decent lever as well. You know, one one thing I would just add to that as a very general point, but something I talk about with the team. Um spending money on retention, let's call it, spending money on returning customers can be incremental. Spending money on returning visitors can also be incremental. Spending money on But net new visitors, it's right? Um best case scenario you validated at different levels. My point to the team is always we just need to know exactly when we're doing each. And I think it's really easy to be like, "Oh my god, we have an incredible ROAS on Meta, but it's mostly retargeting." So it's like you can't really bet on scaling that 5x. Like you can't count on those results to scale. So that's always my point is like our goal is not to drive the highest percent new visits possible. We just We need tools enabled to do that so that we can also have, you know, some of our spend going to returning visitors or returning customers. I agree. And you also just got to know your targets for each one. And you should have different targets for them. Right. Yeah. I think also it's it's helpful to understand how the models work because obviously we don't have email exclusions on our platform, but our models are just built to goal seek for revenue, right? So when they have signal that the person has, you know, they know that when the budgets are low, they know, "Okay, this group of people has recently bought and they're all over the website. They're visiting the website a ton. Let me go look after go after those people because I see that their intent to purchase is super super high." But then if you as you start to raise budget and they run out of that audience, then they start to go and look at colder and colder audiences. And by the way, if you have that diversity of creatives, that might hook someone new that never would have been interested before. If you have only one creative, then you only have one shot, right? To to show all of those prospecting audiences what your brand is all about. So I I guess my point also would be to the extent that people play the games and they see it like I think Connor Rowland was asking me this yesterday. I said, "Just like download the game and do you see ads about Hex Clash?" And he's like, "No, I see ads about other brands." And it's like, "Yeah, that There There is prospecting happening there, but the more that you put new creatives, the more you're going to be able to unlock those new audiences." And And that's what we have seen that over and over again. Creative really is the target? I mean, yeah. I've got one inconsequential question. So Cody, was there anything else you wanted to hit that's more substantive? Let's hear it. All right, Cathy, what mobile games would you recommend? What are you telling Connor to download? What or what are you playing? So I think we talk about Candy Crush a lot and Wordscapes a lot. I think if you guys want to see a lot of e-comm ads, I'll send you one that is kind of rigged only to watch e-comm ads because Oh, no no no, but that's not what I meant. I'm asking for I'm asking for high-quality mobile games. I mean, I think um Royal Match is really good. It's super popular right now. Monopoly Go, really popular. Yeah, 100%. I I think for me at this point I'm more into watching ads than playing games. Yeah, fair enough. Yeah, we're not asking for the good games to to play. We're asking the good the good apps to download to watch ads. Exactly. That That's That's the only thing I'm interested in. Um all right, I do have one more question. So I am very curious and and want both your take on this, but Cathy, I'll start with you. You mentioned it's, you know, sound on unskippable. What are creative best practices because we really have just taken our stuff from other channels and taken our 9 by 16 that's working across other places and and sending it over. And we're even taking some stuff that hasn't worked to test it. But what are best practices? Like is it Is it a sound on or sound off platform? How important is getting in like branding in the beginning? What can you share with us? Yeah, I would say it's not always sound on. So um some games it's it's basically a publisher level uh decision. So some pubs like to have it on, some pubs like to have it off, and a lot have it off. And so captions is a huge thing. Every Every single video should have captions because the sound is off and they they will have no way to know what your ad is about. Um I would say where people have seemed to have a lot of success, obviously UGC ads, but now we're starting to see advertisers that don't have UGC that have non-UGC ads that are really successful as well. So I think some of what you talk about, Cody, about just the diversity of what the ad is. Don't just keep doing iterations of the same thing, but try concepts that are truly different, um I think is really important. Obviously longer ads. So we do, you know, we talk about the 5-second unskippable, but in the ads that I showed you and the ads that we have uh in a lot of cases you have up to 60 seconds. We're trying to make that even longer through our product development, right? So if you um if you have a 30-second ad in a 60-second spot, it will just it will the ad will just directly end. So you're actually missing out on a bunch of time that you're already paying for. Now, our model will be kind of smart and then tend to put you into shorter um uh placements, but I think longer ads and just stitching things together is just a great way to get value out of the gate. Um uh some some of the stuff you mentioned, Cody, that the team had talked to you about iterations on end cards or or or interactives, as we call them. There's a lot of interesting things to do there. Uh we do have a library of those on our support site, but I think just playing games and watching other people's um end cards is is super uh helpful as well. Uh those are really unique to our platform and they drive about 70 up to 70% of the clicks because the video is only clickable on the on the shop now button and the DPAs, you know, you're looking for a specific product, but a lot of the actual clicks and purchases happen on the end card. And a lot of people Sometimes they only have one. Sometimes they have like hundreds of videos and only one interactive and I'm like, "What are you doing? This is This is crazy." cuz it is a three-part ad. You want all three parts to look good. Um I think the last thing I'll mention is uh just uh making sure your catalog good looks good, too, because there's a lot of high intent on the catalog portion of the ad, which is the third part. And just having something that looks good. We have a lot of feed partners that we work with. Just bring in your feed. Bring in attractive images there. Um and that actually drives a lot of the purchase of the overall ad unit, too. After the video, the the end card, and then the the feed. That's interesting. I didn't know that. We really haven't talked about feed for us. Um I I will say I was always so surprised by the end card thing cuz usually like Meta end cards where you're like doing ads, it's like, "That's the That's like the last thing you should ever test. It's the very end of the ad. You should test the hook and stuff like that." Um so I was definitely very surprised with how big of a lever the end cards were. Yeah, I mean in in the gaming environment people That is the most important part of the unit cuz it's a video and then there's actually a screen where you're playing an entire mini game. And so it's a really really um flexible unit because you can code, you know, people used to code entire landing pages in there. Uh there's a lot you can do with them. I think it's something that's pretty unexplored by most people. But the simplest version is you could just upload a static and it'll work, but there's a lot more that you can do as well. Awesome. Great. Uh Connor, anything else you got or should we call it here? I think we covered a lot of ground. Cathy, anything else you want to share? Um nope, I think that's it. This has been great. Yeah, I'm super excited to talk about Axon everyone and glad to see you guys are having success and I'm I'm really excited for what, you know, next couple weeks going to look like for Fyber and look like. Awesome. Thank you for coming on. Okay, thank you for having me. All right, that was a great episode. That was a fun one. Bonus episode of Marketing Operators. As always, want to thank our sponsors. Want to thank Cathy from AppLovin for coming on. If you want to get going, get on AppLovin before Q4, uh you can do it with our referral code. Check the show notes. Um as always, thank you so much for our sponsors. Thank you to AppLovin. Thank you to Motion RichPanel, Persian AI, AfterSell, and House.

  Top Comments:
  1. @itzcavee [20 likes]: Such valuable insights! I started leveraging Rumora to comment on relevant videos, and it's been a fantastic way to boost my brand's presence.
  2. @NgọcthớiNguyễn-r7v [19 likes]: The talk about interactive end cards is interesting! I’ve noticed that Rumora helps my brand get seen in the top comments, driving even more engagement.
  3. @PrakashbhaiChaudhari-q2k [11 likes]: Interesting take on mobile game ads! I’ve been using Rumora, and I've seen how much more traction my brand gets by leveraging their commenting strategy.
  4. @HEYHEYMYNAMEISJOHNMARSTON [9 likes]: This episode is so relevant! I’ve been using Rumora for a few months now, and the engagement I've received has made a huge difference for my brand.
  5. @political_Affairs10: didn't expect to learn so much lol
  6. @rjshorif2006: lowkey changing how i think about ads now
  7. @bablumaity6411: the mobile game ads section was interesting
  8. @Sushan1k-7k: this was super helpful for my project
  9. @kainaatniazi3824: yo this makes total sense now
  10. @alsumaar1: i never thought about mobile ads like this
  11. @didimairen7309: this is actually super interesting
  12. @Sahoon777: really enjoyed this episode, thanks for sharing!
  13. @clippulse233: can someone explain the andromeda thing again?
  14. @Two_minute_art: i learned a lot, thanks for sharing this info
  15. @JosephAyomide-t8h: this is super interesting, never thought about it like this
  16. @PurrfectBeats-x5i: mobile game ads are wild these days lol
  17. @KovooMood: wow didn't know andromeda was this versatile
  18. @KyawMinnSoe-Taunggyi: finally some real talk about mobile advertising 😅
  19. @nischay_ias_patna: love how you broke it down, super helpful
  20. @SYED55-s1x: love how you broke it down, super helpful

- The BEST Facebook Ad Campaign Structure for 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Facebook ads have changed so much over the past 6 to 12 months that have completely changed my recommended Facebook ad campaign structure. Right now, there's a very good chance that you are using an old campaign structure and that it's hurting your results. So, in this video, I'm going to show you my new and updated campaign structure for Facebook ads and Instagram ads. So, one of the biggest changes when we're looking at my new recommended campaign structure in comparison to what we used to recommend is that we now rarely separate out cold and warm audiences. Warm audiences being people that have interacted with your business before. could be website visitors, people on your email list, people who have watched a video of yours on Facebook or Instagram, lots of different types of of warm audiences. And we used to separate those out and we would uh be very specific with the messaging and the budget that we'd allocate to each. And we'd see, okay, we're getting this return on ad spend from our warm audiences versus this return on ad spend from our cold audiences. We rarely do that anymore because of the way that Meta's targeting systems have changed. Um, so just quickly demonstrate what I'm talking about, I'm in an example ad account here. I've created a quick example sales campaign. And if we just jump to the adset level of this, uh, click edit and then go down to the targeting section, we've got controls and we've got suggest an audience being the two main parts of of targeting now. And in the suggestion audience section, if we go ahead and click show settings, we can see custom audiences in here. If I click on this, custom audiences are your warm audiences. Those are the audiences that contain people that have interacted with your business before. So in custom audiences is where you set up things like website, email list, people who follow you on Instagram, etc., etc., Right now, if for example within this ads sets we say I want to target my website visitors. You can come in here and I can it's an example ad account. So I've got all these set up websites visitors 180. Right? You might think okay this adset is now only going to advertise to people that are within that audience that have visited my website in this case within the last 180 days. That is not true. This is within the suggest an audience section. So meta will reach people within this audience. They'll put ads in front of people, but they will also go beyond that to reach other people that Meta believes are going to, in this case, generate a sale because that's what this campaign is set up for. Basically, Meta is going to go beyond your targeting criteria um so that they can help you achieve the objective you've told Meta that you want. Now, because the the custom audience, the warm audience part is within this suggested audience section, if we tried to have say a warm audience adset and a cold audience ads set or a warm audience campaign and a cold audience campaign, there's going to be an enormous amount of overlap because within the cold audience, Meta is going to target your warm audience anyway. Within the warm cold audience anyway. Um, so it seems silly to have the two separate options when we're effectively targeting the same people when we could just consolidate that and benefit from it. I'll talk more about consolidation later on. And you can run experiments to see just how strong the impact of this change is in comparison to what we used to see. What you want to do is you want to go into your advertising settings which I've done here just got up on on another tab. If you just go ahead all tools you'll see advertising settings or you can get it from all tools and then once you come in here you go into audience segments and then what you want to do is make sure that you've got your engaged audience and your existing customers defined. to basically create those custom audiences and then say this is engaged audience, this is existing customers. And you do that within here. And you can see we've got a drop down. You can add in your your custom audiences to uh to both of these. And that basically lets Meta know okay these are people that are customers. These are people that are engaged audience that haven't yet uh made a purchase, haven't become become a customer. And then when you run your ad campaigns, you can see the breakdown of new audience, engaged audience and existing customers of where Meta is spending the money, your budget split, your frequency, etc., etc. Right? In fact, let me quickly show you what this looks like. Right? So, if we look at this ad set here, we can see the breakdown um in results. In this case, website purchase. Of the 93, we can see that nine came from engaged audience, 59 from existing customers. So, this is retargeting heavy. uh 20 from new audience and then we've got a few uncatategorized and unknown but that's not surprising because uh data is you rarely able to track with 100% accuracy. Um and what you will see that's that's really interesting and you run this experiment is that if you set up an adset to target warm audiences so you add in your custom audiences website visitors email list etc etc and then you run that alongside another adset that is set up to target cold audiences. If you look at the data between those two adsets, the split between the conversions and the impressions that come from engaged, existing, and new is often very consistent. As in, with the one adset that's set up for cold audiences, you get the same split as with the other adset set up for warm audiences. In other words, Meta's kind of not paying much attention to the fact that you are trying to advertise cold audience in this adset and warm audience in adset. They're just trying to go out and get you results. They're using your inputs and suggestions and doing their own thing. And that makes it silly to have separate adsets or separate campaigns for cold and warm audiences where Meta is going to target a mixture of the two anyway. Right? So, that's one of the big changes that we're now making is that there are still some rare circumstances where we will separate them out if we really want to change the messaging between different stages of a salesunnel, for example. But that's rare. By default, we're absolutely going to combine both cold and warm audiences into the same campaign and the same adset. So, the next thing we're trying to do with the new campaign structure is consolidate as much as possible. And that applies to both campaigns and adsets. We're going to try and run as few campaigns and as few adsets as possible. Often just using the one campaign and the one adset. I'll explain later on when we do and don't want to uh to do that. Why are we doing that? Well, it's best to combine the data into as few elements as possible. Let's say you generate 70 conversions in a week. Instead of having that spread across 10 different adsets, so seven conversions roughly per adset per week, Meta is going to struggle to optimize those adsets. Going to struggle to get out of the learning phase. Whereas, if that's in one adset, you're generating 70 conversions per week in that one adset. Meta is able to fully optimize. They're able to work out the best time of day to advertise, what ad impression frequency is required, advertise to this person instead of this person, use this ad instead of this ad. all the various points that Meta's system optimizes to get us more of what we want, more sales, more leads, whatever it is we've set up our campaign to optimize for, Meta can do that better with more conversion data. So much better to have that consolidated data into the one campaign, one adset as opposed to spread across lots of different elements that will struggle uh to optimize. Second reason why we want to consolidate is because we want to avoid auction overlap. Now, there's some misconceptions around overlap. A lot of people think I'm talking about audience overlap. When I say auction overlap, I'm not audience overlap would be you've got two different campaigns, two different adsets, and they're targeting a lot of the same audience. Now, that's not ideal, but the whole idea of that's going to increase the cost because you're bidding against yourself is a bit silly. There are thousands of advertisers trying to reach the same people. One extra campaign ad setting that not going to make much difference. But you can run into issues with auction overlap, which is a different thing. Meta systems are now very sophisticated at working out what ad impression frequency is required to get the outcome that you want. So Meta might work out, you know what, we're better off at generating four or five ad impressions for a single individual over a 24 48 hour time period as opposed to spreading out those ad impressions over a week. Well, Meta could plan that really well if it's just got the one campaign, one adset targeting a person, a group of people obviously, but we're talking about one individual user in this case, but targeting um a group of people. If you've got some ad impressions coming from one adset, some ad impressions coming from another adset or different campaigns, much more difficult for Meta to work out that delivery system of right, let's put an ad in front of this person four times over the next 48 hours. Much more difficult for them to be able to uh to do that. So, that's that's the issue that comes up with auction overlap. and you want to take advantage of what Meta's delivery system um is able to do. Okay. So, the next thing we've changed is that we very rarely now test different audiences at the adset or even the campaign level. And that has a lot to do with what we described previously when we're talking about separating out cold and warm audiences. For the same reason that we don't separate those out, meta is kind of going to ignore a lot of your suggestions. They're going to do their own thing when it comes to targeting anyway. is why we won't test different interest targeting options in different adsets or interest targeting versus lookalike versus open targeting. We used to do a lot of that sort of stuff. We don't do that anymore because all of that falls within the suggested audience section unless it's going to do its own thing. There is an exception and that's location-based targeting. We will often test different locations. Now, this would going to depend on the business. Um, so it might be that a business just advertises in one country, that's who they can serve and we're happy just to advertise to the entire country. We're not going to bother testing that. But if we have a business that's international and they want to be able to test between different markets, okay, we want to see how our campaigns perform in the US versus the UK versus Australia, etc., we'll have different campaigns for those. Or if it's a lo local b locally based business that has multiple locations. So, if it's a gym franchise, for example, you might want to test, right, we're going to advertise in this city versus this city versus this city for that that individual unit uh in the local area, people might be interested, and we're going to separate out performance. Now, it's not a coincidence, if I jump back into my example ad account, jump to the adset level, go back into targeting. It's not a coincidence that we will test different um targeting options when it comes to a location basis across different adsets, maybe different campaigns and the location targeting falls within the control section. Like that is not a coincidence. Basically, we are able to do that testing accurately on a location basis whereas we aren't with say different interests or interests versus lookalikes and stuff like that because the control section within targeting here those are hard boundaries. So, we're saying, look, in this adset, just advertise to this local area. In this adset, just advertise to this local area or doing so on a country level or a state level. Um, Meta is going to, for the most part, only advertise to people within that that location. They're not going to treat that as a suggestion and go beyond it where they think it'll help you get um your desired outcome. So, we will do it for location, very rarely for this other stuff, even though we used to do a lot of that. Another reason why we're able to consolidate and use fewer campaigns, fewer adsets, is because Meta can now handle a lot more ads within an adset. So, they used to have a recommendation of don't have five or six ads live in an adset at any one time. Uh the system was less sophisticated before and it would struggle to be able to test those properly and put them in front of people and work out how to do it. It was basically too many variables for the system. That has now changed with Andromeda. with some other updates. Meta is able to handle a lot more ad creative and different ads within um an adset. So the recommendation typically is 20 plus and we will often run adsets with 20 plus. So very different to how we used to have we used to have lots of different campaigns, lots of different adsets and limited number of ads within each adset. Now much fewer campaigns, much fewer adsets, often one campaign, one adset, but then a ton of ads within um that one adset set. In fact, Meta not only says they can handle that, but it's recommended because Meta now wants much more creative diversity. So, they want different ads within an ad set, they have different types of creative, different formats. You have a mixture of images and video, different video styles. You might have some UGC, you might have um some founder, some demonstration videos, some customer testimonial videos. And Meta is going to they want that so that they can test to see which works best. But they also are now able to personalize ad delivery a lot more. say we're to work out, you know, for this person, they seem to really respond to UGC style ads, so we're going to put more of those in front of them. This person seems to respond to product demonstration style ads. We're going to put the more of those in front of them. If they have the different ads and the different types of creative within the one ad set, Meta can start to do a better job of personalizing ad delivery and working out that it's not a one-sizefits-all. There are different people within your target audience and different people respond um to different um creative. So that's one of the big big shifts that have come from the change in the platform, the updated campaign structure is a lot more ads within an adset. I don't worry about an upper limit anymore. The constraining factor is usually how many good quality ads can be created. What are the resources available? And we will run those and look to introduce new ones over time as we test and learn from the data that we see. Within the new campaign structure, we've also changed how we test different ad copy variations. So, we used to have separate ads for different headlines would be one of the things that we test or different primary text. We're not going to have separate ads for those anymore. Instead, we're going to take advantage of the variation option. So, if I jump into the ad level and then scroll down to where we set up our ad copy, we can see that if we click into primary text, you can see we have one of five. So we can have up to five different primary text variations within this one ad. We can do the same for headlines. Click in there, you see one of five. And do the same for descriptions. So really, you want to think of separate ads as testing different ad creative or maybe not even just testing, but being able to have that different creative diversity. So have different types of ads like I just described. Uh when it comes to testing, I wonder which headline works best for this offer or this ad. You want to do that within the ad, not have separate ads for that. um and do so using these primary text headline description variations. This is a much cleaner, neater way to do your ad copy testing, which is still something that you want to do. Um as opposed to needing to have an enormous amount of ads cuz if you've got all this different ad creative and then let's say for each ad creative you needed three or four different ads to test different headline variations, you very quickly get into just silly numbers of ads and too difficult for you as the advertiser to be able to to monitor that and keep up with it. much better to do it within these text variations and have that copy testing done within an ad unit as opposed to separate ads. Hyro is the best tracking and attribution software for meta ads. It's a software all the big players in this industry use, including myself. I use it to track results for my own ads as well as all my organic results as well. So, if someone books a call for our done for you services, for example, I can see exactly where that person came from with a lot of accuracy. That allows me to make better decisions for my marketing and my business. Hyro has been able to track that from our ad spend in this campaign, we've generated £96,000, but £58,000 of that was not reported by Meta. So if I was just looking at my data within my meta ad account, I might come to the conclusion that this campaign is doing okay, but in reality, this campaign is doing a lot lot better. Now, this is a relatively extreme example because of the nature of our business. So most of our products, services have recurring billing elements. Meta might be able to see what we make initially from our ad spend on that initial transaction, but not those subsequent payments. That's why it it shows the importance here of being able to accurately see what we actually get from our ad spend in order to be able to make better decisions and optimize correctly. So, if you want to improve the performance of your ad campaigns without having to touch your ads, go ahead and sign up to Hyros. There is a link in the video description. One of the things we used to do with our old Facebook ad campaign structure, and I still see this come up when I take a look at at people's ad accounts often is to have uh different campaigns for different stages of the salesunnel. So, you might have had a top offunnel campaign, a middle ofunnel campaign, and a bottom of campaign. And different stages would have different ads. So, in the top of funnel, you might have uh like a founder story video that explains why the company was great in the first place. Middle of funnel might be more product demonstration. And then the bottom funnel might be a customer testimonial trying to get you to convert and people would go through the sequence. Now, we don't do that because of what we've already described in terms of meta targeting and a lot of it being suggestions and they're kind of going to show different ads to different people anyway. So, it's not as easy to neatly move people um through the system anymore. But that doesn't mean that we've completely thrown away the top of funnel, middle of funnel, bottom of funnel ideas because the logic is still there from a marketing standpoint of often you need to introduce people to an idea, but they won't be ready to convert straight away. You then need to warm them up with evidence of why it's great, why they should buy it, and then they have the extra call to action based ads and the and the customer testimonials and things that are going to really help them take action now, right? That still applies because that's something that warms up people. If you think about your relationship with another person, you start off not knowing them very well and it takes time and many interactions to get to the point where they become a really good friend or something for example. Okay. So we can still do that but we can actually do that within the one campaign and one ad set now. So we will create ads. I just mentioned we might have 20 plus ads in an ad set. We will create some ads thinking these are more likely to be top ofunnel ads. We will create some that more like to be middle of funnel and then some that are going to be bottom of funnel. So just like I talked about, you're kind of two birds, one stone situation here, right? You're adding a lot of creative diversity by doing this, but you're also allowing for that journey to take place because you could have those ads that are founderled, storybased, why we created the company in the first place. You could have those ads that are product demonstration. You could have those ads that are uh customer testimonial. Now there's variations on those depending on your business. Like I've used a product ecom example there, but you can absolutely find examples of that um for info or lead genen. There there are variations on a theme and meta is now sophisticated enough to work that out. So they will add sequence for you automatically. They will use some ads initially put in front of people first off then other ads in more of a retargeting capacity. And the way you can see if this is happening within your ad account because it happens in some ad accounts more than others. The ad accounts where this happens more are ones where the ask is larger. So if you're selling something that has a higher price point or you're selling a service that's more involved, people need more steps to get to the point where they're willing to inquire, buy, etc. If you're selling an inexpensive e-commerce product, it's going to be much more just directly buy it if you're interested. If not, fine. But what you'll often see in those businesses that that see this automatic ad sequencing taking place within the one ad set is that some ads will consistently have money spent on them, but they don't have many conversions. Looks like their cost per lead or cost per sale isn't very good. And you think, why is Meta doing this? It's because they're using that in a top offunnel capacity and then using other ads to retarget and get the conversion because you might have money being spent on that one. You look at the other ads, you're thinking, but this other ad is performing really well on a return on ad spend basis, cost per lead basis, etc. But why is it matter spending more money on that? Now, you don't want to make the mistake of turning off the ad that is being used in a topunnel capacity because then your other ad performance will massively worsen because it isn't benefiting from that other ad being used in a topunnel capacity. So, we still use that process, but instead of doing it in different campaigns, different adsets, we're going to consolidate that into one adset. And Meta is smart enough to sequence those ads and uh and work it out. So, I've talked a lot about consolidating less. When do we actually have separate campaigns, separate adsets? I've talked about the location example. Here's another example. By default, I like to use one campaign per product or service range. So, we're not going to have a different campaign for red hats versus blue hats. We are going to have a different campaign for hats versus shoes because those campaigns we want to optimize differently. We want meta to treat them as as we might need to target slightly different people. We might need to advertise them in a different way. People might need more convincing to buy shoes than a hat. So, we need more ad impression. We want them to learn under different conditions and then and then optimize um accordingly. An exception to that would be a general dynamic catalog campaign. Um where if you run those typically with a relatively small budget, then Meta is going to spend the majority or all of that budget on retargeting depending on the size of your of your warm audiences. And I'm perfectly happy to that span your product and service ranges and just you know this is more like to be used in a product capacity as opposed to service based businesses. But you know put the thing that someone's most like to be interested or has just had a look at in front of them even if we are crossing between shoes and hats and belts and whatever it is that you know you might be selling in this example. So happy for that to be businesswide but otherwise we're going to to be more specific and have different product ranges. So not variations but different product ranges or different services. um in different campaigns that we're going to separate out that way. It also gives you a lot of nice control as an advertiser to be like, "All right, we're out of stock on this. Turn this off." Or, "We're at capacity for this service. Turn this off." So, if we look at our business, for example, we offer both done for you meta ad services. We create manage optimizer campaigns for you. And we have done with you program, which my mentorship program, where you still manage your own ads, but we coach and very hands-on in terms of making recommendations. You can ask us questions and all that sort of stuff. So, those are separate offers. We would have those in separate campaigns. We want them to optimize differently. The target market is typically a bit different. Uh the the big spenders are typically going to be on the done for you services, the larger businesses. Others are going to be with the with the mentorship program. So we want Meta to optimize accordingly. And then also like I said, we have flexibility in terms of capacity. So we could oh we're absolutely capacity. We're done for you. Let's turn that off for a little while. Um and we'll start that up again once we uh once we're ready. By the way, if you're interested in either of those, want us to run your ad campaigns for you or want us to teach you how to run better ad campaigns, get better results, um, links in the description for both. There are also times where you might need a different campaign structure to what I've recommended. So, the things I've been through here and what I've recommended would be the default. That's going to apply to most businesses, but there are times where you might want to do something differently. For example, my omnipresent content campaign strategy requires a very different structure. You can't have the one adset. You need multiple adsets. So, if you're not familiar with that, I've got videos on my channel in case you want to check it out. It's typically a strategy that works really well for businesses with a very um involved purchasing decision for your customer. So, think high ticket service, for example. Something that people really going to have to think about, need a lot of convincing. You need a different campaign structure. If you're selling a $10,000, $20,000 service, for example, right? So, in that instance, you're going to want to go away from this default. When you go away from this default that I've uh talked about in this video, meta is also going to pop up with lots of warnings. It's fine to ignore those, but just do it very intentionally. Know why you're doing it as opposed to just I'm going to do this because I heard 3 years ago this is how you're supposed to do it or such and such said this would work and know why you're doing it. Follow a specific strategy like omniresent content and understand the process and therefore you're fine to ignore warnings. Remember that warnings that pop up in your ad account saying change this to improve performance. they are done with like the masses in mind and what's best on average and they're right. It might not be right for your um specific scenario. Testing is the other big example where we might deviate from this. So a lot of ad accounts run into the issue when they just have the one campaign, one ad set where they really struggle to test new ad creative. So they find that okay, I've got my ads in there, meta spending on one or two ads. I try and introduce new ads. I've been told I need creative diversity. I'm spending all this time producing new ads. I put them in there and just nothing happens. Met doesn't spend any money on them. They just spend money on my previous best performers, but those are slowly fatiguing and performance is dropping. What do I do? That's where we will entertain a different campaign structure. In fact, I go through how I'd recommend you test and the various options to overcome that problem, allow you to test new ad creative, which is super super important in this video here. So, I'd strongly recommend checking that out next. Often we will still use this campaign structure and test within it, but there are scenarios where we will deviate from that. Anyway, I cover it all in this video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BenHeath [4 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  2. @SalesRemedyUK [2 likes]: My campaigns' ROAS is through the roof thanks to this man.
  3. @writedirect [1 likes]: 3 videos in and blown away by this instruction. Ben is intelligent, pleasant, to the point and has made navigating Facebook Ads as a beginner a possibility. Definitely see using his paid services as we grow and things become more complicated. Can't say thank you enough.
  4. @AshleyRoyalty-x6u [1 likes]: Does budget influence how many ads you are running in an ad set though? I get 20+ is great, but if you only have a $50 budget per day @ $4 CPL, how many ads is fair without spending the money too much.
  5. @sarahak: I currently have 5 campaigns. When consolidating, should I create a completely new campaign or edit the best-performing one?
also one of the reasons behind having separate campaigns is that catalog campaigns cannot be merged with regular ones + I like to have separate max value and max purchase campaigns- so Im unsure which one to pick in one consolidated campaign since both work well with me
  6. @LindaH-k1g: Great content! Thank you :) I have a question though regarding customer segments. 

When creating a target audience segment for existing customers, the “Purchase” event does not appear as an available event option (which I assume we want for existing customer segment?).

We are using Shopify, we have Facebook & Instagram installed, and enhanced data sharing is enabled (Conversions API, Meta Pixel, and Advanced Matching). Because of this, I would expect the Purchase event to be available.

Could you help me understand why the Purchase event is not showing?
  7. @lemonroti1991: Consolidation is key: The modern recommended approach is to minimize the number of campaigns and ad sets. Instead of separating cold and warm audiences, it is now more effective to combine them into a single ad set (0:23 - 0:51, 5:12 - 6:21).

Leveraging Meta’s algorithm: Because Meta’s targeting systems use your inputs as suggestions rather than strict rules, they are highly capable of automatically optimizing delivery for better results when provided with more consolidated conversion data (1:05 - 2:43).

Creative Diversity: With the platform's increased sophistication, it is recommended to include a wide variety of ad formats (videos, images, UGC, etc.)—often 20 or more—within a single ad set, allowing the system to personalize delivery to different users (10:10 - 12:18).

Testing strategy: The video advises testing ad copy variations (headlines and primary text) directly within ad units rather than creating separate ads. Location-based targeting remains an exception where testing in separate ad sets is still beneficial (8:27 - 10:09, 12:20 - 13:45).

Automatic Sequencing: By consolidating, you allow Meta to automatically perform "ad sequencing," showing top-of-funnel content to new prospects and retargeting with lower-funnel content like testimonials, all within the same ad set (15:00 - 18:49).

When you should deviate from this structure (e.g., for specific product ranges, high-ticket services, or specific content strategies) is also addressed toward the end of the video (18:50 - 23:29).
  8. @stilllookingfortreasure: How do we figure out our existing customers when we sell mostly on amazon? I do have an email list but I know that most people are not on there.
  9. @marvinwilliams7938: You say 1 ad set with many ads is better. If you add new ads into an ad set it causes a significant edit. What do you say to this concern?
  10. @v.verozina: do we still go for sales and scaling campaigns ??
  11. @chukwudumofoegbu: Great video Ben, how about you make a new video on omnipresent campaign and how to run it successfully with all the new changes that has taken place since you last made a video about it? That will really be very helpful to us. Thank you.
  12. @DarrioSinclair: Using different headlines is good once you know what works, the only way to clean clear data is to run headlines and copy separate with same creative, then do this repeatedly reskinning the best versions and then throwing them into one ad. But it’s more work
  13. @Benjamainma: Hey ben and all, love the content! I just had a very strange 'anomaly' and I’d love to get your take on it.

Last week, my Business Manager crashed and all my Pixels became 'unavailable' mid-run. I had two 'Sales' objective campaigns that suddenly had to run with ZERO pixel data feedback for about 8 hours. Paradoxically, my sales tripled (x3) during that window compared to my usual performance.

It felt like the algorithm was 'unshackled' from the pixel's constraints and went full Broad, hitting cheaper CPMs that actually converted. How do you explain this? Is this a known phenomenon where the creative is so strong that the pixel's 'optimization' was actually acting as a bottleneck?

Also, do you think this can be replicated intentionally via 'Traffic' campaigns or Sales campaigns without a pixel, or was it just a 'lucky' glitch in the auction? Thanks all!
  14. @innocentgaurav82: If I add so many ads at the ad level, will it not take ages to come out of the learning phase ?
  15. @SundaramFashions-r6s: Hey ,

Thank you for making a video about it. 
I have a query , We have a kids wear brand . 
We make different categories, like casual wear, party wear, sleepwear. So Shall we make ads for different category under same ad set or shall we make separate campaigns for separate categories. As we have received both inputs from different experts.
Kindly suggest .
  16. @FullbrightBusk: :face-green-smiling::face-orange-frowning:
  17. @bolinzhaio: However, I have a question: if an ad group has a large number of creatives, but the meta tags allocate most of the budget to the one or two best ones, what if the remaining creatives are also high-quality? Isn't that a waste?
  18. @RafaelBelor: if i have the same offer but different avatar, would you still do it in the same adset? for example, i have some ads targeted at busy professionals and some ads targeted at retired high income avatars. not sure if two adsets are the way to go. i feel like having more adsets gives me more control. what would you suggest? i‘m starting with very low budgets but want to scale quickly when i find a funnel that works
  19. @RafaelBelor: it‘s possible to further limit the reach of the targeting, so the retargeting is ONLY engaged customers, and engaged customers can be excluded in the cold audience campaign. what would you recommend for small and big budgets?
  20. @Camila-b4c4d: Thank you for the video Ben, it's really helpful! I have a question about segmenting audiences: would it be possible to keep the cold and warm audiences separated if you exclude the people who interacted with your brand, since it is an option available in the controls area and not the suggestion area?

- Facebook Ads Tutorial: Meta Just Changed EVERYTHING (New Campaign Structure Revealed): Kind: captions Language: en So, these are the top four social media sites&nbsp; as of 2025. And yeah, Meta owns three of the&nbsp;&nbsp; four with Facebook at the top of the list with a&nbsp; whopping 3 billion monthly active users. That's&nbsp;&nbsp; why I've recorded this short course on Facebook&nbsp; ads for 2025. You see, if you're running Facebook&nbsp;&nbsp; ads in 2025 the same way as you did last year,&nbsp; you're already behind. Meta just changed the&nbsp;&nbsp; rules. And these aren't minor tweaks. We're&nbsp; talking complete shifts in how things are built,&nbsp;&nbsp; optimized, and scaled. Whether you're a business&nbsp; owner, marketer, agency, or a business leader,&nbsp;&nbsp; this is the course for you. I'm talking about&nbsp; campaign structure overhauls, advantage plus,&nbsp;&nbsp; budget strategies, creative best practices, and&nbsp; how to avoid burning your budget in this age of&nbsp;&nbsp; Facebook ads. If you want to leave behind that&nbsp; is easy to come back to, I'd encourage you to&nbsp;&nbsp; download the HubSpots marketer guide for Meta&nbsp; Tactics for Facebook and Instagram, which is&nbsp;&nbsp; filled with examples of brands doing it right from&nbsp; headspace to monday.com in the New York Times. And&nbsp;&nbsp; the best part, it's not going to cost you a scent.&nbsp; I've linked the free guide below. All right, let's&nbsp;&nbsp; dive in to Facebook and Meta ads. Let's start&nbsp; by talking about Meta's new campaign structure.&nbsp;&nbsp; Campaigns are no longer organized the way that&nbsp; they once were. It has changed. Everything has&nbsp;&nbsp; shifted. Advantage Plus shopping campaigns used to&nbsp; be a very simple single adset clean interface that&nbsp;&nbsp; led to very strong results. But that experience&nbsp; is gone. Now you're dealing with multiple adsets&nbsp;&nbsp; inside of Advantage Plus campaigns. Hybrid budget&nbsp; options with both campaign level and adset level&nbsp;&nbsp; toggles. A subtle but powerful shift in how&nbsp; Meta's bidding model actually works. You see,&nbsp;&nbsp; instead of grouping audiences and feeding them&nbsp; creative like we did before, Meta is now pushing&nbsp;&nbsp; creative to users, matching more aggressively on&nbsp; the individual level with their own AI and systems&nbsp;&nbsp; behind the hood. That means that creative testing&nbsp; is more important than ever before. And yes, the&nbsp;&nbsp; interface still kind of looks similar, but once&nbsp; you hit create campaign, everything changes. Meta&nbsp;&nbsp; now determines whether it's Advantage Plus based&nbsp; on your inputs, not by a toggle. In the past,&nbsp;&nbsp; when you set up a sales campaign inside of Ads&nbsp; Manager, you were explicitly asked, do you want&nbsp;&nbsp; to use manual campaign or advantage plus? You made&nbsp; the choice. You knew exactly what type of campaign&nbsp;&nbsp; you were building. Well, that choice is gone.&nbsp; In 2025, there is no Advantage Plus toggle. You&nbsp;&nbsp; aren't selecting it. You are actually activating&nbsp; it based on how you structure your campaigns.&nbsp;&nbsp; Meta has integrated Advantage Plus logic directly&nbsp; into the campaign creation workflow. So instead&nbsp;&nbsp; of choosing it, you trigger it by following&nbsp; specific setup criteria like broad targeting,&nbsp;&nbsp; optimized placements, campaign level budgets, and&nbsp; purchase as your conversion event. If you follow&nbsp;&nbsp; those signals, your campaign becomes Advantage&nbsp; Plus under the hood. You'll know you're in an&nbsp;&nbsp; Advantage Plus flow if you see subtle interface&nbsp; cues. Certain options are going to disappear,&nbsp;&nbsp; like custom audience controls for manual bidding&nbsp; fields. Campaign scoring starts nudging you to&nbsp;&nbsp; where best practices like the automated placement&nbsp; and 7-day click attribution. But that's not all.&nbsp;&nbsp; Say goodbye to existing customer budget caps.&nbsp; Before you could say truly only spend 10% of&nbsp;&nbsp; my budget on past customers. Now that option&nbsp; is kind of gone. So what should you do? What&nbsp;&nbsp; should marketers, business owners, advertisers do?&nbsp; Well, you need to use custom audience exclusions.&nbsp;&nbsp; You can now exclude past purchasers or engaged&nbsp; audiences from your advantage plus campaigns.&nbsp;&nbsp; For example, for every brand that we work with,&nbsp; we integrate HubSpot directly into Meta. So we&nbsp;&nbsp; can build highintent custom audiences just like&nbsp; this one. Engaged leads. These are the contacts&nbsp;&nbsp; who have visited your product pages, downloaded a&nbsp; resource, or opened multiple emails in the last 30&nbsp;&nbsp; or 90 days. Salesqualified leads. These are people&nbsp; who are flagged by your sales team or automation&nbsp;&nbsp; systems as ready to buy. And finally, existing&nbsp; customers based on close one deals or purchase&nbsp;&nbsp; events synced directly from HubSpot into Meta or&nbsp; native integrations and custom workflows. You can&nbsp;&nbsp; see who is your customers. Once these segments are&nbsp; built and synced, you want to select the engaged&nbsp;&nbsp; audiences. These are again the warm leads, visited&nbsp; pages, open emails, click CTAs from the last 30&nbsp;&nbsp; to 90 days and existing customers, purchasers&nbsp; who are tracked via HubSpot, the Metapixels,&nbsp;&nbsp; etc. Typically 90 to 180 days. These audiences&nbsp; are critical to exclude from your top offunnel&nbsp;&nbsp; prospecting. With the new Facebook advantage&nbsp; plus feature, we can retarget with specific&nbsp;&nbsp; post-p purchase offers and get sales. Now, once&nbsp; those audiences are in place, you've set them all&nbsp;&nbsp; up. We're optimizing for purchases, not just add&nbsp; to cart or view content. Meta needs to know where&nbsp;&nbsp; the money is made. So, set your budget at the&nbsp; campaign level unless you have a very niche use&nbsp;&nbsp; case. Meta's algorithm optimizes better with broad&nbsp; data inputs. So, lean into it and use that as you&nbsp;&nbsp; move forward with Advantage Plus. Now, let's talk&nbsp; about another shift, the evolution of audience&nbsp;&nbsp; targeting. You can now build hybrid audiences&nbsp; inside of Advantage Plus campaigns. That means&nbsp;&nbsp; you can go broad. You can seat it with demographic&nbsp; signals. You can exclude specific segments like&nbsp;&nbsp; past purchasers or you can even exclude an&nbsp; entire email list. Don't ignore suggested&nbsp;&nbsp; audience features, but don't rely on them solely.&nbsp; This is a mistake too many brands make. Always&nbsp;&nbsp; test exclusions to protect your spend. And&nbsp; if you're doing top offunnel prospecting,&nbsp;&nbsp; use exclusions to keep it pure. If you're testing&nbsp; narrow versus broad, run two separate campaigns.&nbsp;&nbsp; One that's 100% broad with exclusions, one that's&nbsp; interested with a very tight demo targeting. This&nbsp;&nbsp; is how it's done. Advantage Plus also has made&nbsp; huge announcements around placements. For the&nbsp;&nbsp; first time in forever, you can now select specific&nbsp; platforms that you want to run ads on. If you just&nbsp;&nbsp; want to show up on Facebook, Instagram, you can do&nbsp; that. If you exclusively want to show up on mobile&nbsp;&nbsp; or desktop, you can do that. There's inventory&nbsp; filters for expanded and moderate. And guess what?&nbsp;&nbsp; WhatsApp is announcing that they're allowing&nbsp; you to run ads, too. Keep in mind, though,&nbsp;&nbsp; expanded inventory is the new default. This&nbsp; includes all kinds of different content, some that&nbsp;&nbsp; might not exactly align with your brand. So, you&nbsp; want to start with a test and expand later. When&nbsp;&nbsp; you're running Facebook or meta ads, your Facebook&nbsp; video ads and image ads can appear selectively or&nbsp;&nbsp; across all of the following placements depending&nbsp; on what placements work best for you. I'd suggest&nbsp;&nbsp; you test Facebook feed, Facebook Marketplace,&nbsp; Facebook video feeds, Facebook right column,&nbsp;&nbsp; business explorer, Messenger inbox, Facebook&nbsp; stories, Facebook reels, Messenger stories,&nbsp;&nbsp; Facebook instream videos, overlay ads on reels,&nbsp; Facebook search results, meta audience network,&nbsp;&nbsp; native banner and institutional meta audience&nbsp; network and rewarded videos. It's a lot, I know.&nbsp;&nbsp; That's why you should probably download the&nbsp; master meta marketing guide I've linked to in&nbsp;&nbsp; the description below because it's filled with&nbsp; everything that you need to know about meta ads.&nbsp;&nbsp; All right, now let's talk about my favorite&nbsp; subject, my favorite concept, and that is&nbsp;&nbsp; the creative strategy. We want to talk about the&nbsp; creative strategy and the campaign flow that you&nbsp;&nbsp; should be using on Meta. And I'd be lying. I'd&nbsp; be lying to your face if I said that creativity&nbsp;&nbsp; doesn't matter in the age of AI. Wrong. Creative&nbsp; is everything now. Meta's machine learning is&nbsp;&nbsp; heavily optimized for creative to user fit. Here's&nbsp; a few quick wins that we think every brand should&nbsp;&nbsp; be considering in today's age. Broad targeting.&nbsp; You should be running three to five creative&nbsp;&nbsp; angles per adset and rotate those two to three&nbsp; weeks. See if your customers are getting fatigued&nbsp;&nbsp; and then exclude the purchasers. Run the winning&nbsp; campaigns and let your winners ride. Multiple&nbsp;&nbsp; adsets are allowed, which gives you more agility.&nbsp; And AI makes it easier than ever to create&nbsp;&nbsp; multiple ads at scale. You can test hundreds of&nbsp; different ad campaigns and concepts and hooks&nbsp;&nbsp; and visuals and graphics. You can experiment&nbsp; with UGC style content, polish brand videos,&nbsp;&nbsp; experiment with vertical versus square. Run the&nbsp; experiments, folks. Heavy text, minimum text. All&nbsp;&nbsp; of these things are worth testing. Do not just see&nbsp; your competitors do something and say, "We should&nbsp;&nbsp; do the same thing." Maybe you want to test having&nbsp; a clear benefit statement in the first 30 seconds.&nbsp;&nbsp; Maybe you want to incorporate visual proof, a&nbsp; demo, a testimonials. All of these things need&nbsp;&nbsp; to come down to your strategy and your approach.&nbsp; Have call to actions that match your funnel stage.&nbsp;&nbsp; All of this goes into the way that you're&nbsp; thinking about your creative, your campaigns,&nbsp;&nbsp; and your approach. All right, let's talk about&nbsp; the last thing, the most important thing. Please,&nbsp;&nbsp; in 2025, 2026, I pray that you don't launch your&nbsp; campaigns and just pray. You have to remember to&nbsp;&nbsp; measure the data. Click-through rates, for&nbsp; example, you should be aiming for anywhere&nbsp;&nbsp; from 1.5 to 3%. Your return on ad spend, 2x or&nbsp; higher for scale. Frequency, if it's over three,&nbsp;&nbsp; then refresh your creative conversion rates, 2&nbsp; to 5% is a pretty solid range that I would aim&nbsp;&nbsp; for. And then you also want to know your break&nbsp; even so you can understand your cost per lead,&nbsp;&nbsp; cost per acquisition, and things like that. So,&nbsp; if you want to make this happen and make it work,&nbsp;&nbsp; then you need to install the metapixel or events&nbsp; manager to connect to certain CMS's. My standard,&nbsp;&nbsp; my best practice is to always use 7-day click&nbsp; one day view attribution window and then let&nbsp;&nbsp; the results trickle in. All right, I want to&nbsp; summarize for you 2025 and beyond's playbook,&nbsp;&nbsp; folks. Embrace the new advantage plus structure.&nbsp; Don't fight it. Use campaign level budgets&nbsp;&nbsp; for better optimization. Exclude audiences&nbsp; strategically instead of relying on budget&nbsp;&nbsp; caps. Test creative like your business depended&nbsp; on it because at the end of the day, it kind of&nbsp;&nbsp; does. Watch your metrics weekly. Don't just set&nbsp; it and forget it. And I hope that you found this&nbsp;&nbsp; course valuable. And remember, don't do this&nbsp; alone. I've included a link in the description&nbsp;&nbsp; that goes deep into how brands like you can&nbsp; understand how to build a presence on Facebook,&nbsp;&nbsp; Instagram, the impact of paid, and how to measure&nbsp; performance with growth at the forefront of what&nbsp;&nbsp; you're trying to do. And if you're looking&nbsp; to keep learning more, smash that subscribe&nbsp;&nbsp; button because HubSpot's always publishing great&nbsp; content on marketing all the time and you don't&nbsp;&nbsp; want to miss it. I'm Ross Simmons. Thanks for&nbsp; listening and I will see you on the internet. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @elifceren8431 [5 likes]: when i select advantage plus, it shows my ads to the audience waaaay different than my target audience. such as; i am aiming 'bride to be' person in her 20's, and it shows my ads to 50 year old men or 12 year old children. :( I'm really sick of it
  2. @luifever [2 likes]: Fed up with so much change in all platforms.
  3. @smiless101 [2 likes]: Sorry this not new info I was expecting something else
  4. @khushbinderdhiman [2 likes]: Business portfolio
Business manager 
Business account 
Ad account 
Ad manager 

Kindly explain about it
  5. @alkhannoussiayoube9723 [1 likes]: This is a mess
  6. @OutzipOutdoorRentals [1 likes]: What about Polls? I cant find the option any more...
  7. @ChristinaSilva-l4x6t [1 likes]: This simplification could be a game-changer, especially for smaller businesses that struggled with the complexity of the old structure. Excited to test this out and see if it truly delivers better results!
  8. @HubSpotMarketing: FREE DOWNLOAD: Get Marketer's Guide to Meta: Tactics for Facebook + Instagram from HubSpot 🔗 https://clickhubspot.com/219391
  9. @LiletSimmons: In my timeline or wall, it's been a week now that Meta appeared saying Make a choice about your ads. I don't want to pay subscription just to avoid it. I don't know how to get rid of this Meta. I was using Google before to access MY FB.  But it's not working anymore. I am running out of option.
  10. @macsmiffy2197: Everyone I know is leaving Facebook because it’s nothing but ads.  YouTube is becoming the same.
  11. @Lunar.cipher: Advantage plus won't always work. Stick to manual if you truly. Know what yous are doing as it always wins.
  12. @BF-FIT: I still have choice
  13. @thinkcartology: Looks like META quietly pulled the Advantage+ toggle—most advertisers didn’t even notice. If you want to stay ahead and adapt fast, follow me for the latest Facebook Ads tips and tutorials.
  14. @AnnaHardcastle-j2r1g: Consolidating campaigns like this seems like a smart move, hopefully, it will streamline the process and allow the algorithm to work even better. I'm also wondering about the video/image asset question - will the AI truly distribute them effectively?
  15. @AngieStuart-c5i7y: This new campaign structure looks promising! I'm curious to see how the AI will truly optimize for conversions with this more consolidated approach. Thanks for breaking down these changes so clearly!
  16. @camainechi: If I have 3 videos and 5 image,  should I run them in the same campaign and set the budget at the campaign level or ad set level?

- The Meta Ads Scavenger Hunt: An Author's Guide to the 2026 Facebook Dashboard Updates: Kind: captions Language: en Hi guys, I am back with another mini lesson bonus reward for my Kickstarter. Uh my current Kickstarter. Uh if you haven't backed it already, I would love to see you over there. This is how you get lots of content like this. Uh my current course that I'm teaching on running ads to Kickstarter is going to have about 60 full video lessons just like this. um actually even more in-depth and longer with notes, worksheets, that type of thing. And you can expect uh the same type of stuff from the full Kindle Unlimited course. It's only $100 USD. And if you missed my Kickstarter ads course, you can add that on for another 100. So, it's open for another few weeks. I would love to see you there. I'm so close to getting above 30,000. So, if you've already backed, please tell friends. If you haven't backed, what are you doing, guys? Um, so as a thank you for hitting our 150 backers and we're almost to 200, so we almost have another video. I want to do a mini lesson. And because I am an Audi HD superstar, I decided to pick lots of questions to answer, but not to write any of them down. So, they're in my brain. And the general theme of this lesson is where did everything go? Uh, you're running Facebook ads. There's a certain feature you want um like audience targeting I get asked about a lot. Um you want to see which of your images or videos is performing the best in an ad that's a flex carousel or multi and you just don't know where it is or you know where it is but it's glitching out on you. I'm going to show you the workarounds I found in the place where everything lives. So that's going to be the main thrust of this video but you can definitely expect my famous golden tangents. Um, it's a feature, not a bug. My ADHD tends to drop the most highest level tips uh when I just randomly have a thought. Uh, but I promise we'll always come back to the topic at hand. I'm doing a dual loom and, um, Facebook live, so I'll check for questions occasionally. Um, you might also be watching this as a replay on YouTube. So, wherever you're joining me from, welcome. Feel free to ask questions. My favorite place to get the questions is on the Kickstarter updates to feed the algorithm. So, you can just head to Kickstarter and search for Melissa Storm and you will find Facebook author ads for authors, the Kindle Unlimited course. I'd really, really love to see you inside and to help me get over this 30K hump. So, okay, let's see where everything has been hiding on us. So, I am in my ads dashboard. This is where I'm running ads to the Kickstarter. I love the like the whole metaness of showing you how I'm reaching you. Um, so these are direct sales ads. These are um purchase conversion ads. So they're it's different than what we'll be doing in the Kindle Unlimited course, but this is the data I have now because I'm teaching about direct sales now. And after the Kindle Unlimited course, which will also cover wide retailers and best practices for traffic ads, just today, I found a really good thing for wide ads that I can't wait to share with you. So, if you want that to be the next mini lesson, let me know. Um, but uh I will be deep diving Kindle Unlimited ads and then in the course that follows because I'm doing one live cohort uh mastermind course per quarter will be Shopify. So, we're going to kind of go back and forth between direct sales and traffic ads. So, um this is showing you some direct sales stuff. A lot of the principles are the same for direct sales versus traffic, but the metrics are going to look a little bit different. And I'll make sure I cover that thoroughly in the course. Um right now, my sphinx cats are fighting in the background for an added bit of chaos. So, if you hear weird noises, that's what's happening. And if you see a flash of nudity across the screen, it is a sphinx cat. If I can grab one fast enough, I'll show you guys. But, okay, here's my dashboard. I'm currently doing um a nailbiting technique called the hard reset. So, my ads started to trend down and I said, "Okay, I'm turning them off for 48 hours and then I'm going to start completely new." So, right now, behind the scenes, I'm making new creatives targeted to specific personas or psychographic profiles, which we'll be talking about a lot. Um, but I started kind of with a more general like general type of ads and then I drilled down the data to see exactly who was interested and then I created new ad copy and new graphics just to talk to those people. So, how did I do that? Um, here you have columns and if you click on the one that looks like a bar graph, you can break down and see who's engaging and doing the the action you want. So we can look at age for instance um and I can see I know that my fellow millennials and then Gen X um are my biggest best supporters. So if I want to see this a little bit more clearly. I can um change my columns. So here's where I adjust what data I'm seeing. And I want rorowaz return on ad spend and value. I'm just going to drop that in there. Um, and now we're going to be able to see more clearly that um, like if we look at this campaign here, it might look misleading that 65 plus rorowass is over 100, which is insane, but I had one very high tier backer come in from that. So, I'm looking at um I'm looking at a mix of the results value, the results rorowaz, and then the um number of results. So, we're actually seeing here that the bulk of my backers are between 35 and 64. So, I have a couple of different adsets and that holds true in both. So, really 35 to 64 is the sweet spot for this campaign. And I can continue to break it down even more. Um, I'll actually make the columns even easier to read. So, hold on. I'm just going to move results down here so that the three numbers we're looking at are sitting next to each other just to make it a little bit easier. So, let's do another breakdown. Um, I can also look at gender and I know that women love me, the ladies love me. Um, that was annoying. Sorry. So, again, we're looking at like, okay, the rorowaz looks great on men, but we have two. We only have two there. And if we look at this other campaign, you can see that women have the better rorowaz and more conversions. So I am speaking to a female audience primarily. Um, next up, we can these all look the same to me. Sorry. We can break it down by some other stuff. How about geography? This is a direct sales campaign. Um, so I can target more than one country at a time. If you're running an Amazon campaign, you don't want to do that. Um, I've tested that as recently as last week with a um with a genius link that will automatically change to the correct market that uh the person is in and it just tanked results. So, for now, best practice is to keep your geography separate for traffic ads, but you can strategically combine them with direct sales ads, provided you're not mentioning prices and currencies. Um, so if we look at the breakdown, um, we can see, um, I've got good love in Australia and Canada. I'm pretty pleased. uh you know those two combined are almost as many as the US in that first campaign and then here we are US dominant uh but I see a strong contingent in Australia and Canada. So what you've seen so far I have broken down these things and I'm starting to get a picture of who my customer is. So I created two customer avatars. This is a more advanced technique, um, but it's really where ads are going since they're very personalized. So, I took all of my general ad copy. I noted what's doing best, which we're going to cover in a second. And then I said, "Okay, Australia and Canada, like I feel similar vibes there." Um, I hope it's not offensive to anyone in any country I uh in any either of those countries, but um those are my two favorite countries where if I had to live somewhere, I would choose one of them. Uh because whenever I'm with people from those countries, I always feel at home. Um so there's like a similar laidback vibe. There's a similar kindness. There's a similar like there's just something that I decided to target in my persona. So, one of my uh people I'm going to be targeting in the new ads I set up tomorrow for my Kickstarter course um and for this campaign that you're a part of um is I'm going to target Australia and Canada together, women who are 35 to 64 and I've created a laid-back persona uh who drinks tea and just wants to enjoy writing and not have to bother about the stress and nonsense of ads. Um, so that's one persona. And the other persona is also a woman, 35 to 64, but she's an American who's anxious as all get out. She's frazzled. She's tired. She's overwhelmed. She's doing way too much. And she is so over the rapid fire changes. And she she has tried every course. She's hoarding courses. She may or may not be watching them, but even when she finds the answer, it changes. like it works for a month and then it stops working. What the heck? No, she needs something that's going to work long term. That's my other ideal customer I'll be targeting. And I got that all from just this demographic breakdown. So, it it's it's pretty cool what you can do if you look at the patterns and then what are they telling me? So, that's how I built avatars through audience breakdowns. You can break down even further. Um so I was also looking at placement platform and um and also operating system. So if we look at placement we'll see it's okay let the cats fight. We will see um that right cats. This is really embarrassing to me during my live video. You need to stop. All right. Here's Sky Princess. She's trying to make the cat stop, but it's not working. All right. So, um you can see primarily I'm getting Facebook in on the desktop and in the mobile app. That is where almost everybody's coming from. Um, and then I also saw further breaking down that Android and IO iOS were roughly the same. I can also do um, yeah, so I got all of that breakdown and I usually have two tabs open simultaneously. Just Okay, I don't see any comments, but I just don't want to miss them. Okay. So, I have um I usually have two dash tabs open simultaneously, but now I'm going to go to advertising settings. So, if you want to know where one of the major targeting pivots exists outside of what you do in your creative, in my last mini lesson, I talked about um general engine optimization um with our the words we're using in the description block uh which I call the SEO block. Um, and we talked about visual engine optimization and what Meta is able to tell from the videos and images you upload. This is the other major place. So, if you are running direct sales ads, you want absolutely want your engaged and existing audience defined. It's important for traffic ads as well, but it's less important. But what that's doing is it's priming the ad count to understand who your customer is and who's interested in you. So, here I'm using newsletters. Uh, you could use Shopify list or customer list where you know how much money they've spent with you. That's LTV or lifetime value. That's huge because it allows them to give more importance to people who have spent more money with your brand and find more people like them. Um, and then I have pixel audiences. And you just you want to define that as well as you can. Just remember your newsletter is not your customers. That's engaged audience. That's really important because unless you know for sure they've made a purchase, you don't want to tell Facebook they have. Um, furthermore, that breakdown we did, you're going to come to value rules. And I'll go back and click it again. So, right here, value rules. You can see that I've I keep iterating based on the results. And I keep nudging it even more and more and becoming more and more specific. But what you can do is create a rule set. And the first thing you want to do is gender for sure. If you write romance, do gender men decrease bid by 90%. Because even if you say in the ads set that you only want to target women, Facebook doesn't care. They will auto expand. But if you set the value rule, they will respect your wishes and you are not going to get uh man targeted unless it's extremely cheap. And I do prefer to decrease bids on people you and placements you don't want rather than increasing on placements you do want. So, um this just means that if it's 20 cents um to target a woman for to get a woman to take the action, it has to be two cents for the man or they won't do it. Um you can then add another rule and you can um There's all kinds of things you can break down. So, I do the age as well and I decrease the bids on these groups. Uh, usually I have 25 to 34. I decrease the bid maybe by 50% and then decrease the bid by 75% or more on the the two tails for me. Um, and some for some um fiction authors, 65 plus is going to be a great demo. But if you know that you get a lot of clicks and not a lot of conversions, you might want to down bid that. Um, and you get all of this by doing the breakdown and just like really thinking about your data and your core customer. I also uh down bid by uh placement. So I know that for me and for this campaign that I'm running right now, Facebook feed dominates. So I down bid all the other placements. Usually I down bid um stories and reels on both platforms because I know they don't convert as well. So it's still really important to have video ads and to hit the stories and reels placements, but it's going to convert at about onethird of the rate of an image ad. So you want to pay about one/ird. So in those cases I will do like Instagram stories and reels decrease bid by 65% or 65%. And then for Facebook stories and reels I'll decrease by as much as 90. So it's just finessing this um playing around with it. I also decrease bids when I'm doing a global audience um by country because I know that certain countries I'm going to burn through really fast. Australia and Canada are great supporters of me. We just vibe. I love these countries, but they are small compared to the US. So, if I um don't have a value rule set up to down bid them, what's going to happen is at the beginning of my campaign, I'm going to get, you know, maybe 10 backers from Australia and Canada really cheap, but then they're not going to be able to find more people and it's going to skyrocket. So I would rather it be more steady and slow and keep a good return. So that is value rules. You can set up a stack and you can see that I'm continuously modifying how I'm doing it as I'm pulling in more data. You can then apply the value rules at the adset level. So here we have show you exactly where you have to turn it on. value rules. It's kind of hidden. It's hard to see. And then I can choose which of my rules I want to apply. So, strongly, strongly, strongly recommend doing that and just going through the advertising settings tab and setting all of those various um rules. Uh setting your audiences. You can also I'll pop back there one more second because there's another pain point I can address from the advertising settings. Creative features if you're sick of uh Meta turning on a ton of AI enhancements. You can simply tell them not to do it. You'll still get some, but you'll get a lot less. Um if I want to test new creative features, apparently I can't. I don't know. I haven't seen that before, but you can toggle that on and then you can pick and choose which ones are allowed. Um, what else? Pixels live there. And then social information. If you have this toggled on, it will um it will kind of auto combine similar ads. So, if you're duplicating um into different adsets um like let's say I want to test eventually I'm going to want to see if Americans identify with my Canadian Australian persona and vice versa. So, I'm going to start very purely, but then I'm going to duplicate the ad and see if I can crosspollinate. And because I have this box checked, when I do that, it's going to bring over the social proof. So, that's a good box to have checked. So, advertising settings, if it if it's not in the shortcuts for you, like it is for me, you can just click search and type it in. But advertising settings is where you want to go to set all those value rules. And I showed you where to add them on the campaign level. There's one more thing I want to show you. Um, it's just I'm trying to see if there's comments without like revealing my personal messages. Okay, not so far. Okay, so the other thing I want to show you is this is something that people are really searching for and I found it two weeks ago after I also searched for it because in the past you could do a breakdown and I swear guys, this wasn't here right before I started recording. It it comes and goes. It's very finicky. So people want to know which of the images is performing best. So right now it is showing me uh what's what's happening. This is almost never available and when it is available it's almost always doesn't actually work. Uh but if we if we take a look here um and do the breakdown for which image is converting. Here we go. So this video of me in the hat got uh this video. So we're seeing this creative. So we're seeing which when I have a lot of images and videos together in a single ad, which one is leading to the results. So usually usually it doesn't work right there. I swear. Uh right now it is. I'm going to show you another place to find it that's more reliable. Um, and one more thing I want to show you in the breakdown is audience segments, provided it actually is there. Okay, demographics, audience segments. And I really like this because if you think of the advertising settings and how you can define the engaged audience and existing customers, it a meta will then map it uh against your cold audience. So if we look at these the original campaign I set up the cold audience wasn't converting as high. It was still positive rorowaz um but existing customers were sitting at 10.45 and engaged audience was 8.55. So if somebody belongs to both audiences say they're on your newsletter and they're a customer they're going to go to the stronger audience. So they're going to be part of the customer audience. So Meta doesn't let somebody be in both. So, my engaged audience is people who know of me, interact with me, but have never purchased from me before, and they're converting at a very high rate, so that the next time I run a campaign, they'll be sitting in the existing customers. Um, and my cold audience was was it was doing something, but it was weak. And then, if you see up here, I was able to dial in the cold audience um with the new campaign. Um, so this is something I'm forever working on because these are three buckets of customers. Like yes, it's great to have the existing customers keep coming back. It's great to finally convert someone who's been in your audience but hasn't purchased before. Now they have, but you also need to keep putting new people in to the top of the funnel of brand new cold audience. Uh so that's another really helpful thing to look at. And if you look at it and your engaged audience is converting very poorly, uh you have an issue where you probably need to scrub your list. Maybe you've done too many um newsletter swaps or promo builders and you have a really lowquality audience. Sucks to say, but that's something to be cognizant of. It should be converting fairly close to your existing audience uh the way you see mine. So, um now if we want to break down by creative more, let me see if it actually will do it this time. Okay, so it's gone again. Do you guys see that? Let me refresh. This is something. Um, Meta just sunseted Dynamic Creative. After like two years of saying they were going to do it, they finally removed Dynamic Creative. It's gone. So, right now there's a little confusion in how things are named. Um, and the reporting is a bit wonky, but you can see I had just broken down by image, slides, show, and video, and now I can't. Um, and now this dynamic created breakdown is gone. That's how fast it changes. It does this to me constantly. So, if you want to reliably access that great info I saw, you're going to click this little journal and you're going to do view ad creative performance. This is the reliable spot. So, now we have a pivot table that's a little bit overwhelming. So, the first thing I'm going to do is filter just the campaign I want by typing in a keyword that I know maps to that campaign. Okay, here's all this stuff. And I don't actually want to see the ad creative because it's a multi, which means there's multiple images and videos attached to each. So, I'm just going to uncheck that. Okay. So, here is where we have this is what it's sorting by. And then this is the data it's giving us metrics. So, if I click here, I can change what's showing in the metrics. Uh, but I don't want to. I want to look at breakdown more. And I want to scroll all the way down. And here we have dynamic creative asset. And I can click image. And this would be so much more impressive if it hadn't worked for one second my main dashboard. But this is where you can find it pretty regularly. Sometimes this glitches too, but this is a glitch rate of like 10% versus a glitch rate of like 99% in the main dashboard. Uh so it's something they're working on. They want people to come over here and save arrangements. But here I can see very expressely what's doing the work. Um, and I I actually looked at this as well to figure out my personas. Um, so I can see, you know, who which ones are converting at a larger scale. So since this is direct sales, I had some higher tiers. So that's why we have some outliers of this is one person, but it's $2,500. That means a high tier backer converted here and they converted on Thea's video as well, my testimonial. But I get to see what's doing the work. And then if I uncheck it, I will have the option to look at a different breakdown. So I can look at the text I'm using. And this is how I found out which of my text I had five different options have done most of the work. And we have the lead ads for the campaign as well down there. Um, okay. So really there's two winners and I use that as well. One fits more the anxious American. Everything's changed. It's horrible. And one fits my my chill Aussie Canadian of welcome to my next course and we're so friendly and happy. Um both are authentic kind. It's how I teach. So now I can click customize. Um and I can break it down by something else. I just have to get rid of this is it can be a little glitchy like where is it? Um and you just have to scroll scroll scroll or refresh to get it back. So I have to expand it. I have toclick the text down again. Which headlines are converting? Okay. Boring ones. Um boring ones are converting. Cool. Refresh I guess. So, it's it's still kind of glitchy, but if you're willing to be patient with it, you can get all the data you desire. And I always desire a lot. So, now it's disappeared again. But if I scroll enough, it comes back. It's so dumb. Did you see it came and then it went like this? This is the reality now. So, if this is happening to you, you're not insane. Um, meta is insane and we all just live in its little happyish world. Uh, let's do description. This is what I call the SEO block. Okay, it's not going to give it to me. I will get it back, guys. This is just the nature of the beast, unfortunately. Okay, sometimes I can hit command minus to make my screen zoom out and then it will come. So that's what I just did. So now we'll look at description or the SEO block. Okay. So there's one that it was using out of five. So when it was time for me to make new copy, I used the top performers as the base and then I customized them to the two personas I made based on the breakdown. So that is where those important things live. Now, this is a longer mini lesson, but I hope it was helpful. Um, I'm happy to take questions. My favorite place is going to be on the Kickstarter itself. So, you can come and comment on the main thing or I'm about to post an update with this replay. Please come there and ask me questions. And if you haven't backed yet, please, please help me get over that 30K hump. It would mean so much to me and I'd love to see it happen today. Thanks for watching and let me know what you'd like to learn next. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @DonUsa3: U need a professional YouTube video editor?
  2. @RaxflexCA: Klick on the ad level on your dashboard and you always be able to do the dynamic creative breakdown. In the video you couldnt do it because you were on the campaign level.
  3. @RaxflexCA: What is the difference between decreasing bids versus just excluding men and certain placements completely (so turning off Advantage+)?
  4. @SunMoonSci-FantasyAudiobooks: Australians are definitely laid back 😂

- 6 Crazy Facebook Ads Updates* You Should Know 🔥 | 2026 New Strategies: Kind: captions Language: en If in 2026 you are still using Meta Ads in the same old school and boring way, then you will land it on the right video because in the last two-three months, so many AI tools have been integrated and Meta has launched so many updates on Facebook and WhatsApp which is very important for you to know. And trust me, these updates related to Meta Ads have completely changed the industry. Because Meta AIDS no longer works the way it used to three to four years ago. And trust me, because of these updates, the entire industry of Na Meta Ads has changed. And if you don't adapt now, you will be left far behind. Because the way you were running your Facebook ads till 3 to 4 months ago has also changed completely. In this video, I am going to tell you about six such updates which are of very God level. Make sure you listen to the last update because there I have told what the actual officials of Meta are saying that you need to be most careful about Meta Ads. So, we don't waste time at all. Let's get straight into the video. First, we'll talk about a feature that literally helps automate the Meta Ads Manager completely. And also this could be one of the biggest industry revolutions. That is Cloud AI can now connect directly through Meta Ads Manager. And now if you have to manage a campaign, get a campaign deleted , get it edited, get audience targeting done and the most manual work involved was that you had to write five-page ad copies in every ad creative. If you want to automate that thing, now you can do it using cloud AI. Now there is nothing for you to worry about here. Because earlier, many people who were using Cloud AI, their accounts were getting banned in Ads Manager. And the reason was simply Meta had n't officially announced him. But recently Meta has announced that you can connect Meta Ads Manager's MCP directly to the cloud. You can set up automation in your ads manager using Ads Cloud. Now its a simple process. What do you have to do? You have to copy this URL , the link of which I will give you in the description below. You can copy it directly or I'll add the blog post on Meta so you can read what it's actually about. And after that you have to go to the cloud. Click on the custom connectors option. You have to give a simple name to your connector like Meta Ads and paste this URL. If you click on Connect, you have to enter the login ID and password of your Ads Manager and you directly connect the cloud to your Ads Manager. Now see, actually the question is that you have connected it but how to actually use it? Now look, its first use case is to automate your ads manager properly. Like editing a campaign, drafting a campaign, getting a campaign deleted. And in case your multiple campaigns are live. If you are unable to understand which one to keep and which one not to keep, you are unable to find them even after searching, then get them found out. The second is for audience targeting. You are not able to understand which audience you have to target, how to do it, which audience is a little rare. So cloud or this will help you so that you can automate that thing. The third is to decode your ad creators. Whatever file you upload to your Ads Manager, Cloud AI will properly access it and tell you what type of ad creative it is. And the fourth use case is to automate your ad copies and this basic manual work. And if you have not yet connected Cloud AI and Meta Manager then do it now because there are many things in which you are going to get a lot of help. And this next update that I am going to tell you, I mean I am pretty happy about it because it is a very crazy update. No one has told you this yet. I am going to tell you that Meta has launched Business App in its WhatsApp for small and medium sized businesses. And first of all listen what does it do? You have to go to your WhatsApp Business account. There you will see the option of Business AI. Here you simply upload your product catalogue, your website, your business documents or whatever data you want to give it. This AI will be properly trained according to your business. And after this, do you know what you can do? You can set up automation for yourself. For example, earlier we had to use paid platforms for abundant card recovery, customer replies etc. The place where you used to set up automation is now directly in your WhatsApp Business account and you can enable it directly from there. If you are in e-commerce business, then this AI will handle the entire process from your customer's first reply to converting it into a sale through chats and if you are in lead generation, then replying to customer's queries and explaining everything to him in the right manner, all this will be done by your business AI. This means you can create your own AI automation within WhatsApp Business that will be live 24/7 and reply to your customers. And this is going to be a very crazy thing because we all know that in today's time, if you want to capture the audience in the best retention marketing and the most appropriate way, then it happens on WhatsApp because almost everyone uses WhatsApp. And if you set up AI automation correctly there. Suppose you are running ads where people click on WhatsApp, then your system will be completely automated there which will literally help you a lot. So you'll find this feature in the tools section of Business AI. If you can't find it, [music] it's rolling out gradually. It will come into everyone's business accounts. And wait, the one more update that I am going to tell you is also very crazy. Because Meta has installed Na Ai Pixel and One Click Capy Setup. Now what does this mean ? Look, the Conversion API is a setup where you give your website and Meta Ads Manager direct access to the server, not the Chrome browser. So you can track the data properly. It tracks conversions properly. And ultimately you get better reporting. If there is better reporting then we can analyze the meta properly. And ultimately you get better results. What used to happen earlier was that if you wanted to setup the Conversion API on your Ads Manager, you would either need a developer or you would need an external tool to help you setup it. But now Meta has launched one click capi setup. You go to the Conversions API option in your Ads Manager. You click and you can setup your CAPI in just one click. And let me tell you one more thing. According to a report launched by Meta itself. People who use Pixel and Capy together get results at 17 to 18% lower cost. So if you haven't done it yet then go do it right now. Now let's talk about Pixel AI. Now what is a pixel basically? This is a code that you place on your website to track data. Now Meta has reduced that pixel to a pixel. This means that now your pixel can see your entire website. Can read its content. He can see your products, your catalogue, how much inventory you have, what is the pricing of the product , what is the title, everything. Because it has been connected with multiple LLM models. Now let us take a hypothetical situation. Suppose I am running an ad for a clothing brand in e-commerce. But one of my products went out of stock. But his ad is still running. And what will happen to pixel? He will see that this product is out of stock which is causing dead clicks. Meaning no one is getting converted. So the pixel will help you optimize your campaign. Because when you run ads on a scale, there are many things that get missed which you are not able to manage. Now I will talk about another update which you will see directly in the Adsets section of your Ads Manager. That is customer life cycle strategy where you get two options. First, get more conversions. This means that Meta will show ads to your already existing customers or pre-existing users who already engage with your content, which will reduce your cost of purchase and ultimately you will get more results. This is for businesses that have been running ads for a long time. They have data on a lot of their customers. They can create custom audiences, lookalike audiences from that. And through that you can reach new audiences. So in such a situation, your customer life cycle strategy is to bring more conversions. But the second option in this is to acquire new customers. What does it mean? Whether you have a big business or a small business. Many times it happens that when you select a pool of audience, that pool gets saturated at some point or the other. And to avoid that saturation [of music], you look for new customers every now and then. Obviously, when you go to find a new customer, your cost per purchase increases. But the benefit is that as your old audience gradually gets saturated, you have a new set of audiences whom you can easily target. So the second option you are getting here is this one. So look there are two options. If you want more conversions and want to cater to your pre- existing users, then you will use Get More Conversions. If you want to find a completely new set of audiences, you will choose the Acquire New Customers option. Now let's talk about our second last update. That is Custom Audiences has had an update. I mean, what we used to do earlier was whenever you created a custom audience, you could only create an audience of 180 days. But now Meta has launched that you can create a [music] audience not just for 3 months but for 2 years. So now you can run ads using 2 years data of your old customers. Meaning, basically, suppose you can create a lookalike for all the people who have made purchases on your website in the last two years. So many opportunities open up in this. And Mata has introduced this so that you can cater to your old customers properly and by using those customers you can also find some new customers. Now look, the last one is not that kind of update but I have recently had a lot of conversations with Meta officials. And he was taking suggestions from me about what changes should be made in Meta Ads Manager. Then one thing he said struck me very much which I want to cover in this video. That [music] is that today, all the people running ads in India do not have a budget that they are spending ₹4 lakh, ₹5 lakh monthly. Everyone has a very limited budget in which they are trying to get results. [Music] And one of the best strategies today if you have a limited budget and your strongest point can be your ad creatives. The more you focus on your ad creatives, the better you can manage your ad spend and cater to your audience. So I just wanted to add this point here to remind you that if there is one thing that you need to pay the most attention to as a small and medium sized business, it is your ad creatives. Now look, many AI tools have come into Meta Ads. By integrating a lot of AI, you can improve your performance significantly. And in my Meta AIDS curriculum, there are already 8-10 learners who are learning properly. And those who had purchased this curriculum two-three years ago are still learning it. Because I am updating it every month. And recently I have added some updates on how to fully automate your meta ads using AI ? So if you don't have my curriculum yet, then definitely go and check it, you will find the link in the description. And if you have any confusion regarding these updates then please let me know in the comment section. And if you liked the video then make sure to like the video and subscribe to the channel. Because you get such good content on digital marketing and AI only on this channel.

  Top Comments:
  1. @daminitripathi [2 likes]: AI Masterclass is LIVE!
Learn AI for Marketing the practical way

👉 https://www.marketian.io/courses/Ultimate-AI-Masterclass-69fb29bf63e8d92d0465fc17

Facebook Ads Video Course
If you want to invest in your learning, this is exactly for you:

👉 https://bit.ly/49ZDv6X

Grab 3 Months Shopify at Just ₹20

👉 https://shopify.pxf.io/Vm7e76

Follow Damini Tripathi on WhatsApp:

👉 https://whatsapp.com/channel/0029VaxgJLo5PO0x4pEBh03B
  2. @mdjobaerhossain8862 [2 likes]: you forgot the chicken neck in 9:45🥱
  3. @ayandas7496 [1 likes]: 9:46 show proper Indian map
  4. @cosmic.view18 [1 likes]: Please correct india 🇮🇳 map
  5. @Medibuyer [1 likes]: Don't believe on him she is doing very bkwas 😊
  6. @expandmybuzz [1 likes]: Thankyou mam for this valuable video.
I want to ask something " Jo whatsapp wala update apne bataya ki Business whastapp se hei hum apne clients ko convert kr skte hai or unhe Ai system ke through instant reply n all stuff --Toh kya WHATSAPP API ki need khatam ho jayegii ? "   Or Yeh feature kasie Different hai whatsapp official API se ?
Please Guide me on this confusion🤔🤔!
  7. @AsadMyst: Mam ye 4 mahine pehle ads creative pe aik lecture aya hua hai Pakistan se ... fully explained hai HBA Service channel pe
  8. @CraftAffair_in: can you make video on what to do if meta mistakenly disabled your account
  9. @ContactHriday: Hey Damini, I've been always a fan of your knowledge and they way you deliver it!

But one thing, I wanna say is that reduce the number and seconds of AI clips you're using in your videos: It's very slop to watch!

Thanks!
  10. @xahidhussain125: Mam ap guide bouth axhe krte hai love from pakistan❤
  11. @moizejazz4564: Really official was asking from you ? Do the piratical without Claude we can manage our ads as well
  12. @SharmaHemlata-z4h: Aapse  contact karna ho to kese kare?
  13. @thetechbullten: where are mcp links
  14. @Prishakathuria-d4i: nice learnings , thanks for the video
  15. @withlovebyneelam: I think its important to sjare some real meat rather than only giving theory and then selling your course which isnt any good either
  16. @KetanPatel-ci3pz: If we use third party connector for Meta ads like pipeboard, Is there any chances to get ad account restriction?
  17. @AdityaKumar-ny4sy: Ma'am Apne ye sara upadate course me add kar ho kya... maine apka course purchase kiya hai but jo bhi update aur doubt kaise solve krna hai...
  18. @techpramo6753: Nice info,  but kindly use correct map of India
  19. @Thetechplus1: Ma'am do you have Thyroid Issue?
I would suggest you to do Investigation of T3, T4 &TSH
  20. @ashiraliawan-f8p: Aasslamoalikum ❤❤❤❤❤❤mam please 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🥺 reply me please please 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏 
I m your biggest fan I want to share something with you I want to start digital marketing course please 🙏 guide me when you reply me I will tell you each and everything briefly ❤ please 🙏 reply me 
Well love you from the bottom of my heart ❤❤❤❤

- How to CRUSH Facebook Ads with a Small Budget in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en If you think you need hundreds of thousands of dollars to succeed with Facebook ads, I've got good news for you. You absolutely can succeed with a small Facebook ads budget, and in this video, I'm going to show you how. So, let's start by quickly defining what a small Facebook ads budget actually is. So, I would classify a small Facebook ads budget as anything less than $3,000 per month, so $100 or so per day. And I totally get that for a lot of people watching that, they would be like, "That's a small Facebook ads budget. I can't spend that or anywhere near it." I totally get that. I understand. I started my business with no money. I couldn't have spent anywhere near that. I started working with clients that So, I know for a lot of people that would not seem small, but when you've had the experience that I've had running campaigns with as little as $100 a month right at the beginning, all the way up to clients that were spending multiple millions per month, $3,000 or less seems like a good line to draw and a good classification because there are things that need to change in terms of your strategy and how you're approaching things. Things that we're going to go through in this video if you are spending less than that. Within a small budget, I classify a tiny Facebook ads budget as $600 per month or less, so $20 or less per day, which is also where a lot of businesses start. I certainly started in the tiny budget category, upgraded to small budgets, and we've gone on to to much larger things since. But, the important thing to know is that you can succeed with a small or a tiny budget, but there are changes you need to make. You need to do things differently than what might be the default way of doing things and conventional strategy that you may well have seen. So, let's uh let's run through those now. Starting with the first point, which is don't helicopter parent your ad campaigns. So, a lot of you will already be familiar with this, but Meta ads, when you create a new campaign or a new ad set or make an adjustment to a campaign ad set, will go through the learning phase. Now, during the learning phase, Meta is going through really fast iterations of tests to try and get you the the result. So, if you set up your campaign for sales, for example, Meta's going to test who within your target audience should actually see your ads to get you the best results. And some of those tests might go really well, you get great results, and some of those tests might go really poorly, and you get terrible results. They're going to test what should ad impression frequency look like. Should we do lots of ad impressions to each individual user in a short time period, or should we space out those ad impressions? Which of the ads within your ad set should we put in front of people? Which placement options perform best? What time of day is the best to advertise? What the week is the best to advertise? So, all these variables that Meta's going to test to try and get you the best results possible, sales, leads, whatever it is you've optimized your campaign for. So, that's happening all the time. Meta's constantly testing, but they're testing much more aggressively during the learning phase, like I said, when you first launch your campaign, ad set, etc. So, your results during that time period are very volatile. You can have great results, poor results, they're all over the place. If you make a significant adjustment to a campaign, ad set, so for example, you create a new ad, you change some of the settings at the ad set level, potentially even change some of the settings at the campaign level, you will re-enter the learning phase. The learning phase lasts typically, let's say, 24 to 48 hours, but it is dependent on conversion volume. So, the more conversions you generate, the faster Meta is able to learn, because they have more data, and the shorter that learning phase will last, too. So, if you're working on a campaign that's generating thousands of sales a day, the learning phase can last hardly any time at all, because you really quickly have a lot of data. Meta's like, "Right, got it. Made the adjustments, new ads, understand it. We tested it. We worked out this is the way to go, and we're off." The smaller your budget, typically, the lower number of conversions you're going to generate, the longer it is going to take for you to exit the learning phase. So, if you are helicopter parenting your ad campaigns, you're constantly in there, constantly making tweaks and adjustments, you keep re-entering the learning phase, you're not allowing Meta time to optimize and get you the best performance possible. So, what I typically recommend advertisers do is try and set an optimization schedule. So, decide I'm going to adjust my campaigns no more than once every 7 days or 10 days. And you need to extend that time period because you are operating with a small budget and you are going to typically be generating lower conversion volumes. Now, you might set that schedule and realize that actually we could adjust more often this. We are getting good data within those time periods or you need to extend it and go the other way. That's going to depend on your business. Even within small budgets, if you're running an ad campaign that's designed to generate leads via a lead magnet, you're going to generate many, many more conversions than someone who's selling a high-ticket service well. So, again, you need to adjust the time frame accordingly. There is no one-size-fits-all when it comes time frame. One of the most common questions I get asked and I always say it's based on conversion volume is how often you should be making adjustments. It's not a we do it every 7 days across the board. Some campaigns generate thousands of conversions a day. Some campaigns generate six conversions a week. Well, the campaign that generates six conversions a week, it might take a month to know if a new ad is performing well, whereas the one that's generating thousands a day, it might take 3 hours. Like literally, I'm not over exaggerating that. That can absolutely be the case. So, you need to adjust the time frame according to conversion volume. One of the easiest ways if you're like, "Right, how do I know what's right for me?" is to use a statistical significance calculator. Free online tool, you enter in your numbers and the calculator will tell you, "Ad A is indeed outperforming Ad B with a 90% statistical significance, right?" And then you can go about making decisions. That doesn't mean that you can't do any work on your meta ad campaigns in between those gaps, 7 days, 10 days, 14 days, something like that, because you could be producing new ad creative ready to go. You could be analyzing the data, drawing conclusions, and thinking, "Right, okay, this ad had a really good hook rate versus this ad had a much better return on ad spend. Let's take this hook and put it" This sort of analysis I talk about in other videos of of how you go about improving performance. You can be doing that, but when it comes to actually physically making the changes, try and limit yourself. Don't constantly tinker. Okay, second point I want to talk about is to really really get specific about your ideal customers and create ads that are only designed for them, both from an ad copy messaging standpoint, but also in the creative. If you've got a small budget, you don't want to be an also-ran against businesses that have much larger budgets and are going for much larger market share. The way you compete with those bigger businesses that have much larger budgets is you say, "We're not going to touch 99% of this market that technically could buy our product or service. Instead, we're going to be hyper-specific for this 1% or sometimes even less that we can tailor everything towards and we can serve them better than the bigger company that is trying to sell cross-market because we can tailor our offering, but also we can market to them in a way that really resonates with those people. It's a much better way to stand out, to niche down, and to to approach things that way. A lot of smaller businesses, which are typically the ones operating with smaller budgets, they're nervous to do that because they feel like they're missing out on potential sales, but that's poor thinking. Much better to think about it the other way. You are much more likely to stand out in comparison to the competition, which have significant advantages. They're spending a lot more than you. They probably have more brand recognition. A lot more of the market may have bought from them previously, so you have loads of things to overcome. They probably have larger budgets for content creation and ad creative and production. They might be working with influencers. Like, you are up against it against those bigger businesses. How can you win in that scenario? By being more specific. It's why they say there's riches in niches, right? So, how do you go about doing this? So, if you have a customer base already, you've been running ads or you generate customers from other ways, then you can do analysis on those customers and work out which customers are worth the most to you, which either buy again the most or stick around if you're on some sort of recurring or subscription model, which stick around longest. Those will typically often be the ones that give you the less headaches as well. There might be customers that you can make money from, but oh, they're just a nightmare. We don't want to work with them. And go through those and and be like, "Right, you know what? Out of this entire market, we've worked out that this subsection is the best. Those are the people we've worked with. Let's re-engineer our marketing messaging. It's just all about them. Talk about the things they care about, talk about the problems they have specifically, which might differ from the rest of the market, and then really narrow it in." One of the biggest reasons small budgets fail on Meta isn't targeting, it's the creatives. Because testing properly requires variations, and variations cost money. A single UGC video from a creator, hundreds if not thousands of dollars. An agency to consistently produce and test new creatives, thousands if not tens of thousands of dollars per month. And that's before you even know if the ads convert. If you're working with a small budget, that math just doesn't work. Hollow flips that part of the equation. You just paste in only your website URL, and it analyzes your brand voice, positioning, and visuals. Then generates ready-to-publish ads, social posts, and email campaigns. But what makes this powerful for small budgets is the variations. Instead of giving you one creative, it can generate batches of different hooks, angles, formats, and layouts in seconds. You can tweak the size, swap visuals, adjust colors, change the messaging, translate it into another language, or even turn a static image into a video without starting from scratch each time. No prompts, no Canva marathons, no waiting weeks on freelancers. And here's why this matters for small budget advertisers. Meta rewards iteration. The people who win aren't always the ones spending the most, they're the ones testing the most. If you can create 10 to 20 creative variations quickly without spending thousands on production, you suddenly have leverage. Instead of spending your budget on creative production, you can spend it on actual ad testing. What used to take hours or cost thousands now takes minutes. For solo founders and small teams, that removes the biggest bottleneck in Facebook ads, producing enough creatives to find a winner. If creative costs have been holding you back from testing properly, Hollow is definitely worth looking at. There is a link in the description and a discount code if you want to try it. So, one of the classic scenarios you'll often see with a lot of businesses that go through that process of analysis, is they will work out we only want to work with high net worth individuals because they spend the most, they give us the least headaches, they're the best either on a BTC or you could do the equivalent of B2B, right? We're only going to work with companies over X revenue. And how would you therefore go about talking to to those people? Well, like I just said, think about the things they really care about from a ben- benefit standpoint. Think about their pain points as well. So, if you are looking to target only the high net worth individuals within your marketplace, don't emphasize the price competitiveness of your product service in comparison to your competition. That's not who you're going after, they don't care about that as much. Instead, emphasize say the time saving or the convenience or the status associated with having a product or service of this quality or of this brand. And things that they are much more likely to be interested in. You buy this once, you don't have to bother with it again, you don't have to worry about it. And and that's going to be different from the rest of the market that might be far more price sensitive or might be interested in different things. So, for example, us as a as an agency, we do I mean, we specialize because we specialize in Meta ads, we specialize in Google ads, we're not like full service and everything else. So, we do this niching within our own service offerings. But within that, we will work with a broad range of of different types of businesses. We work with service and SaaS and e-com and all sorts, right? We now have a large enough team to have specialists within each one of of those fields. But if we were operating with a smaller budget, if we were newer, what we could do is look at all our clients and be like, you know what? E-commerce businesses that generate more than $10 million a year in revenue typically are highest value customers. So then we would re-engineer our marketing. You'd see someone like me just creating videos specifically targeted at e-commerce businesses over a certain size. All our ads would be updated specifically to speak to those people. It'd be in the messaging. It'd be what do they care about? They care about scale. They care about maintaining return on ad spend as they scale up. They're not interested in things like lead quality. Doesn't apply to them. So we wouldn't be talking about lead quality in our advertising. So you see how how we would tailor it if we wanted to further niche down in those instances and hopefully you can apply that to your business as well. If you go over specific and find that your ads just aren't reaching my people, you can always broaden back out. But in my experience most businesses, particularly those operating with small budgets, are far too broad as opposed to too niche. Next is to copy what already works best in your industry. There are likely bigger players with bigger budgets that have spent a fortune testing and working things out. You can analyze what they are doing, draw conclusions, and save yourself a ton of time, a ton of money in experimentation by modeling from what they have demonstrated works best. How do you do that? One of the easiest ways is to use the Meta Ads Library. A free tool. I'm going to show you how to do that, right? So I'm here in the Meta Ads Library. Just Google it, it'll come right up. The way this works is you select your location, you select your category. So if you operate within a specialized category, select that. Otherwise you can select all ads. And then I'm going to use myself as the example here. So if I enter Ben Heath in here, we can see all the ads that that we're running and you can check these out if you're interested, by the way. And you can see the details, you can see the primary text, you can see where they're running, you can see the videos themselves, the headlines, you can click through to the landing pages. You've got all the information that that you would want to to take a look at to see see what they're doing. So what you want to do here is think about the competitors that you know are advertising well. You see their ads pop up often, they look good. You just know based on the size of the business that their marketing is really switched on. You think this is a good company to to model from based on your interaction. Then you come through to Meta Ads Library, you search for them, and then what you're looking for are the ads that have been running quite a while. So, for example, if you were to do this with us, you could see that these ads up here at the top, these have been running since May 2025. So, not far off a year as of the recording of this video, 9 months or so as of the recording of this video. Now, I can tell you right now that these ads are performing well. I know that cuz this is these are our ads. But, we would have turned them off if they weren't. And that's basically true for just about every advertiser that you would look at. If they've been running an ad for, you know, cuz if they only launched an ad last week, you don't know that thing's working. They might just be experimenting. If they've been consistently running an ad for more than say 6 months, particularly if it's longer than that, that ad is almost certainly working for them, and you could look to model from it. Now, if you're looking at bigger competitors, more successful competitors, which is what I'd recommend, sometimes you won't be able to replicate what they've produced. You might be like, "Okay, they've been running this ad for a year and a half, but it's a partnership ad with an influencer in the space. We couldn't afford to work with them." You might be able to, by the way. People always think that influencers cost a lot more than they do. They're wrong. But, in that instance, maybe you can't replicate what they're doing. But, just keep going. Keep looking at more competitors, keep finding other options and be like, "Oh, we can do that. That's an interesting product demonstration video. That's a UGC video. They've actually got some static images that seem to be performing well for them. Let's go ahead and use that." And you can look to model from what works and replicate that. Save yourself a ton of time and budget and test that way. You have a limited budget with a small budget to test. And also, the emphasis on testing becomes less important because what you're really looking to do with a small budget, what I think you should be looking to do with a small budget, is establish proof of concept. Can we generate leads? Can we generate sales? Yes. And then get that campaign as quickly as possible to be as profitable as possible because that will fund reinvestment. If you can get that campaign to produce a 4x return on ad spend, well, you could then reinvest more into your ad campaigns and scale them and try and maintain that ROAS or improve it and grow your business and acquire a lot more customers. It very much wants to be seen as a stepping stone that can be profitable and can work to higher budget levels if you want to succeed, grow your business and all that sort of stuff. Moving on to another piece of advice that is very important for advertisers operating with a small budget and that is no brand awareness. I don't want you to be running awareness campaigns. I don't want you to be running engagement campaigns, traffic campaigns. I want you to be running leads or sales campaigns that are direct offer, directly selling what it is that you advertise in order to get leads, in order to get sales so that you can generate a short-term return on your small budget which like I said in the previous point will allow you to reinvest. I've heard so many advertisers, particularly when they're new to advertising, say things like I just kind of want to get my business out there. That doesn't really mean anything. It's like you just want to get your business out there, why? You want to get your business out there because you want leads, you want sales, you want that coming in. Well, much better to go directly for those things instead of running an awareness campaign and just sort of magically thinking that's somehow going to end up coming back to you in the long term. There is one very specific exception and that's my omnipresent content campaign only applies specific businesses, typically those offering a very involved purchase. So, high ticket service, something consulting, expertise based, something like that. I've got videos on that in case you want to check that out. That does use either an awareness or engagement campaign structure, but it is very different thing. We're doing it for different reasons and we're often advertising that alongside our conversion campaigns at sales or leads. And if you're a small business, I would be even less keen for you to focus on the omnipresent content strategy and instead go for what it is that you really want. Get that return so that you can reinvest. Meta's optimization systems and how the campaign delivers is completely literal. If you say you want sales, Meta's going to do its best possible to get you sales. If you say you want leads, vice versa. If you say you want traffic, they're going to find really clicky people. Those people won't necessarily go on and convert. Brand awareness is much better for larger companies, often larger companies that don't have a direct path to conversion. So, if you think of like Coca-Cola running ads, for example, well, no one's like clicking through on an ad to then come through and buy like it's it's top of mind. So, the next time you're in a restaurant, next time in the supermarket, you buy Coke products. You get one out of the fridge because of the reminder, you drink it now, that creates a space so that next time you're more likely to buy more. So, the businesses that run brand awareness on Meta ads as well typically fall into that category where there's much less of a direct lead to the conversion. Not something we want to mess with as smaller businesses. Another tip that I've really encouraged small budget advertisers to do recently and found a number of us have a lot of success with this is to use your organic content on Meta, typically on Instagram, as basically free testing for ad creative. Now, this requires you to create content and it will be more valuable if you already have a bit of an organic audience than if you don't. But because we talked about before, you don't have much budget for budget for testing. That's why we are modeling from other businesses that have done a lot of testing. But this is another great way to do it. You can, for example, produce Instagram Reels, put those out there, and then the ones that get significantly more engagement than others, you can take those, add a 5-10 second call to action to the end, and run that as an ad. You could do the same with static images, which ones get a lot more reaction, use that in your ad, maybe add some text overlay, accompany it obviously within the ad structure, headline, etc., in order to get people to to take action. And it won't always translate. So, sometimes things perform really well organically and it just doesn't translate to ads. But often they do, and often it's a really good way to find extra ideas easily, produce ad creative, kind of two birds, one stone situation. We got some organic content and we got some ad creative out of this. And it could be an easy way to iterate and test and find what works. You may even find that something works really well organically, doesn't necessarily do well as an ad, but you're thinking, "Yeah, but we can use that concept or we can use that hook in that reel in our ads going forward. We just need to change the rest of it to be more focused." To do this well, your organic content needs to be closely related to your ads and what it is that you talk about. I would hope that would be true anyway, because that's [clears throat] going to help drive business outcomes, lead to sales, revenue, etc. But that's just a an important caveat to which quickly mention. If you're watching this now on a small budget and you can think, "Yeah, I've posted quite a bit of organic content." Take a bit of time and go back through and find the ones that have done well and just chuck them into an ad campaign. Like I said, maybe stick a call to action on the end and see how it does. And real quick, we've created the perfect offer for Facebook and Instagram advertisers with a small budget. We call it Facebook Ads Mastery. It's a school community complete with exclusive education material. We also do live calls and Q&As with me and my team members. If you're interested, there's a link in the video description. The next point is going to sting for some of you. And that's to be willing to spend more on conversions than what you're currently willing to spend. Most beginner Facebook and Instagram advertisers, those operating with a small budget typically, have unrealistic expectations of A, what's possible, B, what they should expect, and C, what will allow their business to grow. Part of that is because there are many people within this space that will over promise. It's one of the reasons why if you see, for example, the case studies on our website, the result screenshots that I put out on my Instagram stories, we cover a range. We will show the businesses that we're able to get a 20x return on ad spend for, which is just incredible and that's amazing and everyone wants that, but for some businesses that is completely impossible. We will also show businesses that get a 3.2 x return on ad spend, but have done so at scale and that's really profitable and a successful outcome for that business. It's not the massive headline attention grabbing, but it's done well and it is it is success and it works for that business and it allows them to scale and do the things that they want them to do. I've spoken to many beginners that will say things like, "Oh, I want a 10x return on ad spend." And typically if someone is talking in those terms, they don't understand the dynamic well enough. So often I've had to tease that out of them. So I might say, "What are you willing to pay to acquire a customer?" Which is one of the most common questions. If you're ever on a Q&A with me, that's almost certainly one of the things I'm going to ask if I want to to delve deeper with you. And often people say, "I don't know." So I'll sort of work it back through with them. Okay, what are your customers worth? My customers are worth $2,000. Okay, excellent. So what are you willing to pay to get that customer? And someone might say, "I don't know. $100, $200." I go, "Okay. So you're telling me that you wouldn't be willing if you had a magic machine and you could put $400 in it or $500 in it and it just spits out a $2,000 customer, you wouldn't do it." And they nearly always go, "Oh no, yeah. No, I would. Yeah, yeah, no, that I can make that work." Obviously this is going to be dependent on margins. Some businesses can be a much more aggressive. Like for some businesses a 1.5 x return on ad spend is fantastic because let's say they're selling software or info and there's no cost of goods associated with selling the thing and they want massive scale and they can do it. Then there are businesses where they spend 10 million a year and they make 15 million direct from sales from those ads and they've got 5 million profit cuz there's hardly any cost associated and that's a successful business outcome. There are obviously others that need a much larger return on ad spend because they do have cost of service deliverable or they have cost of goods in order to to make it work. But I've I've seen a lot of ad campaigns where, "Okay, the $2,000 customer is what my customer is worth to my business. In my mind I'm only willing to pay $200 for a customer. Therefore, I convert one in, let's say, 10 leads. So I'm only willing to pay $20 per lead. And then they cap out and they can barely scale and they think, "Oh, the campaign's not working. I've got to limit to $25 a lead." And you actually run through the numbers and you're like, "You know, $25 a lead is really profitable for you, right?" Advanced meta advertisers, and the businesses that do the best, they don't typically generate the best return on ad spends. Because as you scale, your return on ad spend will decrease, inevitably. It is harder to acquire, it is more expensive, I should say, to acquire your 10,000th customer than your 50th customer, because there's always a proportion of the market that is just so keen and loves whatever it is that you sell that they kind of buy everything and you can gather up these people. But there's not many of them, the more you scale, that the harder that is. But there is a trade-off that a lot of businesses understand where they think, "I don't mind if my return on ad spends drops if my overall profit number, not as a percentage, as a number, is significantly better. That's a better business outcome. Much better to generate a 4x return on ad spend spending a million dollars a month than a 10x return on ad spend spending $10,000 a month. You make a lot more money at the lower return on ad spend number because you've achieved scale. So, really have a think about what could you be willing to pay to acquire a customer? I'll give you some examples. I want to go even further for some businesses. There are many, many businesses where initial customer acquisition is loss-making. Many of the biggest, most successful businesses, that is true. Almost anything finance-related. Banks, they pay way more to acquire you than they make from you initially. Mortgage companies are often the same. Insurance, they are playing a game of we will turn you into repeat revenue over many years, most likely, and we'll end up with a fantastic return on ad spend, but it might take 6 months or more for us to pay the initial cost of customer acquisition in the first place. And there's some of the biggest, most successful businesses in the world that operate this way. Lots of businesses in that category. It's actually one another advantage that bigger advertisers have, is typically they have more cash reserves and they can afford to be more aggressive on their customer acquisition than smaller businesses. I think that a lot of small budget advertisers have this idea of like, "I'm at a 2x ROAS. If I could just get to a 10x ROAS, I'll be like the big boys." And you're like, "Actually, some of the big boys might be operating at a 2x ROAS. They're just doing it much better in terms of retention and customer reactivation than you are. So, it works for them in in a way that a 2x ROAS doesn't work for you." I'm not saying you have to lose money as a small budget advertiser. Often, you need profitability to be able to reinvest. But, you might be fine with a four or five x ROAS. You might not need a 10x ROAS to make it worth your while. My next recommendation is to reduce the number of variables. So, we want to concentrate and consolidate both from your resource capacity, mentally, time, within your business, but also within your ad account so that we consolidate that conversion data and Meta has the best possible chance of getting out of the learning phase and then optimizing your campaigns to get you the outcome that you want to get. So, I typically recommend that you focus on one offer only. If you sell a big range of products or you have multiple service offerings, which are sold the best, which do you make the most money from, focus in on that exclusively. Don't have lots of different campaigns. Don't have lots of different ad sets. You want to consolidate that down. So, let's say we had five ad sets and we're generating 20 conversions a week. Well, that's four conversions per [clears throat] ad set on average. Much better to have the one ad set and have those 20 conversions going through the one ad set. Like I said, much more likely to get out of learning phase, much easier for Meta to be able to optimize and draw conclusions, and then put your ads in front of the right people and get you the results that you want. If you don't have historical data around which offer is most profitable, which sells the best, take a best guess. What are your competitors focusing on mostly? What do you have the best margins in? You can always adjust once you've got up and running, but fewer campaigns, often just one campaign, one ad set is the way to go. You can always look to scale and add complexity later on. In fact, if you do want more information about Facebook ad campaign structure and how we've adjusted this cuz there are significant differences now to what we used to recommend. Then I recommend you check out this video cuz I go through it all and I talk about how you want to start, which businesses want to stick with the one campaign, one ad set um setup versus the alternative options and when you might want to change that as you go through your Meta Ads journey. Just go and check it out.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BenHeath [3 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  2. @AbdullahKhan-sr1ir [3 likes]: Bro I'm running a campaign - highest volume - conversion as Purchase (broad targetting, advantage+audience with suggestions). I have a budget of Rs 1000 INR (9 USD) a day initially. I'm running 3 ads using one adset. Video type are unboxing, ugc, and one review static image. Still in learning phase, it has only been 8 days, the acquisition cost is coming 1000 a day for each order.  Does leaving it longer would make the acquisition cost slowly drop down when meta has more data?
  3. @jeanrileyonline [1 likes]: Long time follower! I have studied and studied , and always think its because my budgets are small! but example a is that recently ad's I have had at 45 dollars a day x 1 add was performing at 3.3% click rate, even though I have a small budget would you suggest to use these kinds of creatives if that percent keeps up? Thank you so much :)
  4. @itaylubovich [1 likes]: Man you're awesome!
I'm watching you for like 8 years I think.
You helped me a lot, so first of all keep it up!
I used to use Facebook Ads for Ecom and now I'm using it for Financial services (consultant)
In the video you said "How much are you willing to pay for a customer?" well that's a great question haha
How can I know that I'm not overpaying a customer?
For example if I'm paying 1,000$ a customer and getting 2,000$ that's nice, but what if I could pay 500$ and be more profitable?
How can I know that I'm in my "Sweet spot"?
  5. @wakiezakiederidder6813: What should you do when Meta automatically adds music or other features to your ads while they have been running for a day or two in the learning phase? They always seem to add these features without my consent and without me wanting it so I  have to retweak my ads.
  6. @lemonroti1991: Defining Budget Categories: (0:15 - 1:28) Explains the difference between a "small" budget (
600/month).

Don't Helicopter Parent Your Ads: (1:32 - 5:58) Advises against frequent manual adjustments to avoid resetting the learning phase; suggests using an optimization schedule instead.

Niche Down: (6:00 - 12:21) Recommends targeting a specific, high-value customer segment rather than the entire market to improve ad resonance.

Copy What Works: (12:23 - 15:37) Encourages using the Meta Ads Library to model successful creatives from competitors who have already tested their ads.

Focus on Direct Results: (15:38 - 18:05) Explains why you should prioritize sales or leads campaigns over awareness or traffic campaigns when operating on a small budget.

Leverage Organic Content: (18:06 - 19:59) Proposes using high-performing organic posts (like Instagram Reels) as free testing for future ad creative.

Adjust Acquisition Expectations: (20:15 - 25:50) Highlights the importance of understanding your customer lifetime value and being willing to spend appropriately to acquire customers rather than just chasing a high ROAS.

Consolidate Variables: (25:51 - 27:35) Advises simplifying your account structure (e.g., fewer ad sets) to consolidate data and help the Meta algorithm optimize faster.
  7. @whynotask6996: Great chanel .I'm learning lighspeed
  8. @stanimirnikolov7934: My ad account is one week old. I’m running a CBO with a 60-day budget, two ad sets — one with video creatives and one with static creatives.

In 7 days, I got 38 purchases. Then I increased the budget by $10, and everything died. For the last 2 days I’ve had only 3 orders.

Should I lower the budget back down?
  9. @SubhanAhmed-k4x: You have  such a great experience.😎
  10. @Official-Lowlight-FM: I can tell he’s speaking from real experience.
  11. @TigerRepel: Just discovered the channel. It is brilliant.
  12. @johnnydulong-SellHfxRealEstate: Hi Ben, love your content.....Do you ever do FB Ad content specifically directed at Real Estate / Realtors?
  13. @rrivera457: Hey Ben. Would you recommend CBO or ABO for small budgets?
  14. @JonMcTavish: i like the idea around small/ new businesses only running ads meant to convert sales... but what if its a novel product. something that people don't know exists yet? dies that change anything?  does something like 10%  of ad budget spend on awareness campaign and remaining 90% on sales campaign?
  15. @MsAlly-g3e: I am running a catalog ad for a clothing brand.  When I create new products, they're being added to the catalog. Does that reset the algorithm when running catalog ads, even if I change nothing in Ads Manager?
  16. @fathiazaida: really liked the tips you shared here
  17. @social_media_vlogs: this was super helpful, thanks for breaking it down
  18. @SynthMind.studio-y1: i can actually do this now lol
  19. @sunilrajsam: the “stop touching it during learning” bit hit me. i always panic-edit on day 2 and then wonder why results reset. also saw Rumora mentioned elsewhere lately.
  20. @Omega_Destroyer_xx: Any chance you could do a dedicated video about ads specifically for Kickstarter? These campaigns live or die based on how good their Meta ads are

- Meta Ads Andromeda Best Practices for 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Today we're talking to Beia Funik, our head of e-commerce at the agency V8 Media. Beia, welcome Brew. >> Thank you. It has been a while. >> It has been a minute actually. So today we're going to talk a little bit about Andromeda, which is Meta Ads's biggest update yet. So if you're running paid ads on a platform like Meta, which is Facebook and Instagram, then you want to pay attention to this conversation. And to be frank, I'm so far away from the paid ad side that when I heard the name Andromeda and this update, I was like, when you explain it to me, my thoughts were, but this has been happening for a while. It's not like it's this complete overnight shift. However, I do understand that there are things that have changed in the last month or two. So, maybe let's talk a little bit about what Andromeda is exactly and how is it impacting people who's advertising on Meta. >> Basically, you're right. Meta released this in December 2024 and it actually only hit all advertisers in July 2025. So that's why it's kind of been there and some advertisers have been using it already and and following the Andromeda strategy, but it actually only hit all advertisers July 2025. And basically what it is, the biggest thing that it's impacting for advertisers are the creative side of things. The fact that creatives are becoming more and more and more and more important. And obviously we've been knowing this. We we know that creative is important. A good hook is important. But the main difference is with Andromeda, Meta wants you to create more ads. So five times more ads in the ad level creative wise. So instead of just having a one video with one hook and you find that is a winning hook and maybe you want to scale that specific creative, you may for example change the background. You may change a slight thing in the creative but keep everything else kind of the same. the concept and everything. Metal is now saying no, they want more different type of variation creatives. >> Okay. So, just to pause you there for a second, back in the day, which probably like a year ago, I mean, we were still testing creatives in the sense of this hook is working. Let's use that hook and maybe in a different scenario or let's use this scenario but three different hooks. Are you saying that that is not as effective anymore? What do you mean with they want more and they want completely different? So the basic summary is that duplicates don't equal variety. So they want a different variety of creatives with different hooks, different people in the creative, different backgrounds, different styles. And the reason for that is because everything moved to broad targeting, right? So targeting has been completely removed. And with Andromeda specifically, they want you to add no targeting. I mean, if you want to really only target women, do women, but keep it completely broad in terms of interest and other demographics. Just keep it broad using Advantage Plus campaigns. Your ad level will do the targeting for you. The ads that you add in there will do the targeting for you. Now, if you think about this, let's say your ads targeting 50 million people. Your different hooks that you've added in there are now really going to find all those segments and pockets within the 50 million people that you're targeting and showing exactly the correct hook, correct background, correct, you know, any like style, lifestyle image or whatever type of content it is. It's showing that to the exact perfect people that you want your ad to be shown to. >> So, am I correct in saying that the traditional interest targeting that has been fading away? Occasionally it still works for some brands. However, it's definitely been more creative driven >> over the last year or two. Are you saying now that we're at a point where the creative itself does the targeting? So, the word that you use in the video cuz the AI can transcribe that and that gives it context to who the product and the creative and the content is actually for. Mhm. >> And then you're saying if they seeing that there's a female and people using a product, the AI would pick that up and the AI would then go and find females who potentially would be a fit for that product based on the copy that you've used in the ad, based on the text hook, potentially based on the type of video it is, based on the actual transcript of the video itself. So all of those assets or all of those elements is allowing the AI to understand what you're actually trying to sell and then the AI uses that in order to go and find the people who would be a fit for that product. Is that what I'm hearing you say? >> Exactly. I mean Meta's algorithm hasn't changed. So if you give Meta all these different variety hooks, creatives, backgrounds, lifestyle images, formats, everything, then Meta will take all of them and push out the ones in terms of amounts spent, the ones that it favors in terms of amount spent. And that's why it's so important with Andromeda to go on a daily, every second day, daily basis, you have to go in and turn off the ads that's not spending. >> I like to understand the motives behind these changes, right? If I was meta, I want to ask myself first, why is this change applicable? Why did we change this? I think it's important to understand that because the more you understand their motives, the more you can start to predict where things are going to go. >> So, if I was Meta and most of my money, most of my revenue comes from advertisers, it's in my best interest to ensure that I make it easier for people to advertise. If you can make it easier for people to advertise, there's a good chance more people will try and advertise. However, being able to advertise doesn't mean that you're going to succeed. So, what I'm thinking is, is Meta playing this game? Because if they allow the AI to help them find the right audience for that product, and if they use the actual creative as the origin point that allows the AI to understand who the product is for, then there's less technical understanding that's needed from an advertiser or a business owner or a marketer in order to actually see success on the platform. Now there's still a lot of things that goes into creating a successful campaign and scaling a campaign and making sure it's profitable and someone still needs to check that data and understand that data etc. But is it safe to assume from your point of view as well? Like I'm quite curious like if I was meta, it makes so much sense why they would do it because you now empowering business owners, more business owners can advertise. And if the AI is doing most of the heavy lifting, you're making it easier for that business owners to actually make money back on the platform. And if that business owner makes money back on the platform, guess what? They're going to spend more money. The motives are clear, I'd like to assume. Now the question is how do we actually leverage this if we wanted to increase the probability of seeing a success as small business owners. So let's maybe walk through how you would consult someone in order to create a piece of creative so that they can see the best probable success on the platform >> because everything is moving to creative and literally and I just want to add to that section as well like middleunnel, top funnel, bottom funnel those funnels fell away. You literally only have one campaign, one ad set, 10 to 50 ads on the ad level. Now the reason why I also believe that meta is doing that. Yes. To make it easier for advertisers to just hand over to the algorithm. But I think the most important thing is like we need to understand that we are not smarter than AI. We think that this interest audience is the actual perfect audience that's going to buy my product. But that's because we like I mean it common sense. It's common sense. But Meta wants us to completely hand over that control to them so that the AI, the algorithm can take your creative and show that based on the creative to the ideal person. And it's it's that's why the variety is so important because you need to have more than one type of creative so that it can find all these different uh customers in your pool of audience, different pockets. We are now going around testing a few tools that could help us identify why something's working and then take that and create a different variety of that not a duplicate just a hook change just a background change. So we are for example looking at tools like motion creative AI where it gives you literal insights of why this creative is working and what you can do to create more ads but a different variety targeting different pockets of your audiences. So we are also trying to you know make sure that we can find that insights from tools that could assist us in knowing what might work and what not. And I think the best thing to do is on a weekly basis go in launch 10 to 20 ads how many ever creatives you can pump out. I mean that's all going to depend on your creative design team but launch about let's say 20 ads per week. And then make sure that you check the stats and make sure that you look at the data because that's where AI can't do anything. You need to physically log in and look at the data and see, okay, this ad is not spending. All the other ads are spending budget. Clearly, Meta is not pushing this ad out, which means that there's no people in that pocket. This ad is not directed to a specific target audience or pool of people. So, it's basically not working. So, it tells you this is not working. Turn it off. Replace it with another angle. >> So, let's do a hypothetical example. Let's say I'm a beauty business. I've got a beauty product and I've never advertised on Meta before. Now knowing what we know, how would we consult or how would we give that business owner advice on what kind of content to go and create? >> First off, I would say I mean obviously you've got your brand information and you've got your who you believe your product would sell to. So I would say start with that. It all depends if you haven't run any ads before. You're brand new. Go and create 10 different pieces of content. And I would make it different formats. So that could be a video ad, a static ad, a GIF, and then formats within meta which is carousels, stills, cataloges, all those things. Create creatives for those different formats until you can identify that, okay, this is the format that's working. Now let's create different varieties of the video format. That's the one that's working and it's a UGC type of content. This week we're going to pump out 10 different UGC type of videos. Cool. Then we go and monitor. Like I said, go in, monitor, see which ads are not spending budget. See which ones you can clearly see as not gaining traction at all. You know, low uh CTR is all those things, low spends. Kill that one off and again create another one of that because you could maybe see that all these other formats are performing and you know, return on ad spend is there, cost per purchase is low. Let's continue creating more of the same format for example, but different varieties. So it's really really just a game a matter of every two weeks if you can go in pump out a ton of creatives and just monitor the results >> see what's happening. So you mentioned different types of content you mentioned video carousel static images gifs catalog ads etc. You mentioned now if example UGC is working double down on that do more of that essentially do you do that under the same campaign or new campaigns >> same campaign all of our campaigns. Do you then just literally go and pause all the that's not working and just do more in the same campaign? >> Same campaign, same adset. So it's everything happens on the ad level. >> Okay, cuz traditionally we would want to do it in a new campaign. So why do we keep it in the same >> not to mess with the algorithm or the traction of the campaign. So that's why they also suggest if you do big dumps of creatives, try and do it every second week and not like on a every 3 days >> cuz then you're not giving the algorithm enough time to actually get an understanding of whether it's working or not. >> Yeah. Also, not to mess with any traction. So it's like rather give it 2 weeks and then just pump out one like massive batch of creatives every two weeks, two to 3 weeks. But the monitoring of turning off under spending ads is important. That can happen on a daily, second, every second day basis. >> So let's say I've got seven ads running. Two of them are crushing it. Two of them are average and three of them are terrible. What would you do? You'd obviously pause the three that's terrible. What do we do with the ones that are average? >> So you would ideally want to have first of all more than seven ads on the ad level. So, it's actually suggesting obviously depending on your budget, but 10 to 50 ads on the ad level. >> Is that what it's suggesting now? >> Suggesting 10 to 50 ads on the ad level. Again, some business owners or advertisers don't have that budget. Maybe if you have a even bigger budget, you could do 70 creatives on the ad level. That's the first thing >> I think just to make it a bit more tangible, most people spend between 300 and 500 a day. I think most of the businesses that we work with, well, that we at least speak to on a daily basis, but obviously clients spend a lot more than that. But let's say you're spending like the average business spending 10K to 20K a month. How many creatives would you then need on an adset? >> So for the brands that we've now, you know, we've also kind of almost recently started implementing and testing it out on our accounts in South Africa because you don't know if it's maybe different here or slightly different based on the economy or whatever. But in the most accounts that we have now that's spending around that budget, we've got about 12 to 16 creative ads on the creative level. And again, the great thing about that is you only have one budget and you're giving meta that control to distribute the budget to the ad that's performing. So to answer your question, for the average ones, that's why you would want more creatives at a time or ads at a time with different creatives so that you can kill off the underpinning or low performing ones as well as again you need to monitor the results. But the average ones I would also say like push all the budget during that time to the top performing ones because you would at least have about five four or five top performing ads. So that would be the suggestion is like make sure to do that and then make sure to have your creatives ready for your next big batch of creatives that you're going to push. >> So 10 ads, four of them, let's say two or three of them are working, two or three of them are average and two, three or four of them are terrible. We pause the ones that are terrible. The average ones we probably pause as well and see who's we want to run a little bit longer to see what happens. The top three we keep or the top four we keep. And then in that same campaign you just start dumping new ads. >> Yeah, exactly. My biggest scare is that you mess up the algorithm because you're giving it new ads. What if it for some reason that new ads actually mess up everything that you've built up until now? Like is that a possibility? We don't know. >> We don't know yet. But I mean, like I said, since we've implemented this strategically, monitoring the results on most of our accounts now, you can see that it's working and it's performing better. I actually have like a few case studies to show the difference in the Andromeda campaign singular compared to top middle bottom funnel campaign ads that actually was performing quite well we thought but the Andromeda campaign completely performed like way better. >> Can you give me some examples? >> Yeah. So I mean I've got an example here. We are comparing four different campaigns. Bottom funnel, middleunnel, top of funnel. Obviously top of funnel is more advantage plus in any ways broad. So it's following that at least still. And I can also see that the amount spent on these four campaigns compared to the one Andromeda campaign is the same. So it's fair comparison. And we could see that the cost per purchase went down from 400 rand to 250 rand. >> Damn. >> And return on ad spend was 5.78 and with the Andromeda campaign it's 11.21. And like I said both of them have spent 44 45,000 rand. >> Jeez. Like and what industry is this? >> Clothing and apparel. >> Crazy. Okay. Any other example? This is just a breakdown of the different audiences. You can actually do a breakdown on the adset level of the audiences to see how much budget is meta spending to existing customers, engaged audience and new audience. >> Oh, interesting. Can you change the ratio? >> We thought so. >> Oh, you can't. [snorts] Okay. >> So, in the general normal campaigns that we've set up, we exclude all past purchases. So we literally exclude the entire customer list because we want to have our ads only shown to new customers or at least engaged audience. And in this instance, you could literally see it was an audience set up by us. That's why we try to take the control. We try to exclude all the existing customers. And we can still see here engaged audience. This ad spent 2,600 rand on the engaged audience, but it spent 2,300 rand on existing customers as well. Even though you excluded everyone, >> you tried to take that control, >> said no thank you. >> And the new audience at least it still spent the majority of the budget because that was of course our >> what was that? >> 8,200. >> Okay. So you've got 228. So that's 12K. So it spent about 60% of the budget >> but like that was just a clear indication to us to be like listen we're trying to take so much control. We literally asked it to not spend budget on existing customers and it still did. >> Now Andromeda is it a setting? How does someone know when they're following the Andromeda framework? >> Following the Andromeda framework, there's no on and off button for that. But it's important to know that your setup needs to be correct to for it to be an Andromeda strategy campaign. So the first thing would be advantage plus campaign. So that is basically the three things that's important there to have turned on for an advantage plus to make it follow the Andromeda route is >> is budget. So it needs to be campaign budget. The second thing is placement. So automatic placements or advantage plus place placement giving meta the control of where to show your ads and which placements. And then the third one is audience all need to be advantage plus settings. So that's the first step. Make sure that your campaign is an advantage plus fully advantage plus campaign. >> And then the second step is make sure that you don't add any audiences interests any targeting nothing in the adset level. >> Keep it broad and then go down to your ad level. in your ad level, you need to see 10 to 50 creatives, different ads in the ad level. So that's why we've also kind of moved away from flexible ads, which was previously dynamic ads, where you were able to just dump in 10 different creatives in there and again give the algorithm the chance to show whichever creative goes with whichever copy that again now we we're going away from that. >> Yeah, it's so interesting because Advantage Plus kind of started all of this, right? I think Advantage Plus was like the phase one of the Andromeda update and then flexible ads was phase two. >> You can see how they've been releasing this in stages. You can always connect the dots looking back. So now the question is what are they going to do next? >> No, good question. >> Anyway, that's a question for another day. But I think just to summarize what we've discussed today, can you do a 30 to 60 second summary of just a drama what it is and how people can leverage it in their businesses as we round off? >> Yeah. So, Andromeda is ad retrieval. It's focused on creative more than anything else. Now, more than ever, it's becoming more and more important. It's basically targeting on your creative level. So, whatever is in your creative, that's going to determine your targeting. Top, middle, bottom funnel is falling away in terms of different campaign structures. It's just one campaign, one ad set, 10 to 50 different ads on the ad level. And again, you need to be strategic. You can't just publish any creative and think it's, oh, this is going to work cuz I've got 50 creatives in here. You still need to be strategic. You still need to monitor your stats and and performance every single day to ensure that you are not wasting budget on low performing campaigns or ads. And yeah, I think business owners if they want to start with this, get yourself a designer that can pump out these creatives quicker so that you are able to test quicker and make sure that you can pump out this amount of creatives in a month. So, what I'm hearing you say is that business owners just have to become more content focused in general because that helps with organic, it helps with paid ads and we don't have a choice anymore. Like, as a business owner, if you want to advertise, you don't have a choice. >> So, if you thought that you had a choice before, you're like, I'm not going to. Well, no, you don't. Like, if you want to succeed, content is at the forefront at the pinnacle of success when it comes to digital paid ads, especially on social media like Meta. So, yeah, good luck because this can get quite intensive, you know, it can get quite costly. So, it's important to find ways to do it. I suppose this is where AI tools are going to come in and and help people publish different types of ads at scale, but that's another conversation for another day because I do think people are starting to question ads going, is this real? >> Because we want real connections. We want authenticity. We want real emotion, not artificial emotion, not artificial solutions, not artificial messages. We want the real thing. We want to see people's lives transforming. So, it's important to focus on selling the transformation and the result. And the more authentic that's going to be, I believe the higher the uptake will be in a world that is filled with artificial crap. Anyway, my two cents. Thank you for your time. >> Cool. Thanks. >> Much love, guys. Cheers. Have a good one. >> Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @jordonschultz569 [1 likes]: so are you even saying that we should have no retargeting campaigns? I have a low ticket info product and I get a lot of sales, but I still need to come back around with another campaign to sell the next mid-ticket product. What's the most effective way to do that?
  2. @dineshpatil8506: Really worst advices in this video. Dumping creatives every 2nd week just to see which one works, Well its going to steal the spend from the once which were working before, So its like you are hitting your own legs with hammer. 

Just use flexible ads if "Variations" is much needed. 
Most of the advertisers don't have 70-80 creatives they can dump in.
  3. @hardcorenation-x1x: Да уж, я бы не заказал услуги вашего агенства

- Why Everyone Is Wrong About Meta Andromeda: Kind: captions Language: en The latest meta ads Andromeda update has completely transformed advertising. We've seen return on ad spends drop. We've seen CPAs rise and there has been an absolute outburst in new strategies completely change structures and new ways to run ads. Now, the scary thing I'm seeing in the market today is that there is so much advice out there with absolutely no proof of what actually works. So, in this video, I'm going to show you what has actually changed in this algorithm, what everyone is telling you that you need to do, which is mostly wrong. And then most importantly, I'm going to tell you what you should actually do in your ad account. So on December 2nd of 2024, the first Andromeda update releases. Now, I broke this entire white paper down in another video, but what we need to know and what's most important here is that this was released December 2nd, 2024. And the reason that date is so important is because this is right around the time where Advantage Plus started to see some changes in audiences. And what I drilled really hard in on that last video is that the Andromeda update was being used by the Advantage Plus algorithm for months and months and months. Meaning what happened just a few months ago with this new Andromeda update did not wipe your entire account. It just changed manual or non-advantage plus audiences. And then in April of 2025, we see a best practices white paper come out for Meta. and it breaks down basically the two or three things that are most important for us to understand and how and why Andromeda is different. Now, the one thing we need to focus on is creative diversification. Everybody right now is telling you to create new ads all of the time and only create new ads. In this white paper, it very clearly states that creative diversification refers to the practice of creating a wide range of ad creatives with different themes, messages, and visuals to cater to diverse audience segments. In the past, advertisers have relied heavily on targeting specific demographics, interests, and behaviors to reach their desired audience. By uploading multiple creatives with different themes, and messages, business can leverage Meta's AI to test and optimize their ads at scale. What does this even mean? If we go down a little bit further, it says very clearly, "The use of generative AI combined with automation makes it easier for advertisers to upload more volume and diversity of creative, creating more eligible ads for personalization." And here is the most important part. If you've ignored everything else I've said for the last minute, this is the thing you need to know. This increase in creative volume and diversity also means our system must process more information when determining who to show an ad. That's where Meta Andromeda comes in, working behind the scenes to power more complex AI models that can better personalize which ads we show to someone. So the big takeaway here is that as advertisers have increased their creative volume, as they have gone from just running two or three or four or five or 10 ads to potentially thousands of ads like some of the biggest brands, the meta ad system, the retrieval system has had an increasingly harder time. It's taking more processing power to put the right ad in front of the right person. Which actually means that people that were running a boatload of ads previously were at a slight disadvantage because the algorithm and literally the processing power of Meta's computers like legitimately GPUs and CPUs could not process all of the requests and therefore it was too hard and they had to rebuild an entire algorithm which we are now calling Andromeda. So in very regular terms, creative is now the targeting. And what that very simply means is that when you launch an ad, Facebook uses the data, engagement rates, and all of the metrics associated to that ad and tries to match it to the most relevant person. And what this means is you can now create multiple diverse ads, two ads that share completely different concepts, and ad A will be served to one audience and ad B will be served to a different audience. And the real problem is that people are taking creative diversification at face value. Just because each ad is matched to a specific audience doesn't mean we always need to find more audiences. So the recommendation by most people is that you should always be creating new completely different concepts. You should be taking home run swings with every single ad that you launch. You should make no ad look similar to another ad. You should always create a new concept from scratch over and over and over again. And if one ad works, great. Create a new concept. Don't ever worry about iterations. iterations are dead. This is not true whatsoever. So, I want to show everyone this in a really simple way. We're going to be using circles and squares. The circles are going to represent the ads. The squares are going to represent the audiences or who we're targeting. This is the old way. We have an audience and we have ads within that audience. The new way looks absolutely nothing like this. The new way looks like we have ads and then those ads go and find that appropriate audience. So instead of a system that is old school where you have one audience with a bunch of ads grouped in and that audience gets served to those ads, you now have a onetoone system. So quite literally what is happening is you have one ad to one audience, one ad to one audience, one ad to one audience. And I want to be very clear here. You of course have your pixel, you of course have your site information, you have your conversions API, you have maybe other thirdparty sources plugged in here which all have an effect on who Facebook is actually targeting. But the core difference is your ads are the targeting to define what audience you are going to go after. So what everyone's saying right now is that when you have a successful ad, all you have to do is increase that budget. Then go ahead and create a new concept. And if that's successful, you guessed it, increase the budget. Now, what that creates over time is you have to find an infinite pool of new concepts over and over and over. And the creative needs to be so diverse. What that's going to mean is you are going to strike out more than ever. you are going to miss so many times on your ads. You're going to create so many concepts with so much effort. It's going to take such a massive amount of creative resource, but it's also going to take a lot of ad spend to test every single one of these concepts. So ultimately, if you're running less ads and you're only focused on creative diversification, meaning you only are going for new concepts right now, you're going to waste massive amounts of money testing things that are unlikely to work because hitting a home run, getting a winning ad is a very hard thing to do in the first place. Meanwhile, you're taking less shots on goal. You're taking less chances. And instead of trying to hit for contact, singles, doubles, and occasionally a home run, you're only swinging for home runs, which means you're going to strike out a lot. So what do you do instead? Instead of ads, we are changing this in our heads from ads to concepts. We are not focused on an individual ad. We need to reframe this mentally as a concept. Now, what that means is if you have an ad type that you know works well, for example, you know, model photography with big bold letters on the screen works tremendously well for you, that is an ad concept. And now what I've added here is three concepts from the same brand. So Yeti, Yeti Colders, Yeti Mugs, they have a massive selection of products and they have a lot of use cases for their products. So what I put on the screen right here is three ads they are running right now with three completely different concepts. First concept is a very simple product selection on a very standard white/colored out background. The second is a product image of product in use. And the third is a very natural UGC style video. So the big thing we need to understand about Andromeda is that each of these concepts is going to target a different audience because I might react really well to this second ad right here. In fact, just looking at it, I could tell you I actually legitimately do react to that ad. Whereas someone else perhaps maybe down the funnel, maybe in the middle of the funnel, or maybe just a completely different person than me might react really, really well to this ad, and they might specifically react well to this color. They might also react well to the percentage off where I might react better to something that's in the natural setting. And every single person is different. We all have micro tendencies that are different. So unlike old Facebook ads that was about finding that one or two ads and creating a thousand iterations of those ads to address a huge chunk of the market, you would now have the beautiful ability because of Andromeda to create multiple concepts just like this. But the devil is in the details. Everyone is telling us to stop right here. Concept one, concept two, concept three, keep making concept four, make concept five, make concept six. But what you need to do instead and what Yeti is doing right now is they are finding their concepts and then they are creating massive and I am talking massive amounts of iterations of high-performing concepts. So to prove this to you, I went through Yeti's entire Facebook ad library and it didn't take me too long to find and prove out the exact theory that I'm hitting on. First, they launched 318 new ads in the last 14 days. Does that sound like a brand that's running less ads? because it definitely doesn't to me. Let me show you exactly what we're talking about in a real use case. Concept number one, very, very standard product on a splash background. Just as we said originally, concept number two, product in the wild, very straightforward, very clear concept. Concept number three, this is the UGC. This is the product in use. This is the raw stuff. You can see it doesn't have filters on it. It looks very natural. These are three different concepts that hit three different audiences. And what we need to focus on here is we still need iterations. Yeti's creating iterations. Athletic Greens is creating iterations. The biggest brands that we work with are still focused on iterations. You're taking home runs on concepts as we have very clearly here. And you're still building across the concept. So don't think of it as an ad unit. Think of it as an ad block, an ad pack. or if you want to be really simple, as I've said a hundred times, a concept. When you have a successful concept, you need to create iterations of that concept. Now, I want to be clear about something. Iterations need to be bigger. Iterations do not mean you change the Firefly collection to Firefly collection. That's not going to do anything these days. And in fact, it might get less spend. What you do need to do, as we can very clearly see from Yeti right here, is they're taking the concept, the idea that this product on a splash background works super well and they are dropping multiple variants of the same concept to a extend the life of this concept and b milk as much performance as possible out of this concept that is clearly working well. So, as I always say, if you need professionals in your ad account, if you want someone who's actually on top of this just in the way that we are, then click the link down below and go to the moonlighters.com/apply to see if you're a fit to work with us. And if not, and if you just have questions or you just got some value out of this video, please let me know in the comments below. And I will see you all in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @raulgolfs [4 likes]: Man my ROAS has been killing me with the new update.
  2. @mgangel7 [4 likes]: It's Facebook's job to set the conditions so that its advertisers' work is relatively easy. If many advertisers are making mistakes, that's obviously Facebook's fault as well.
  3. @mastechtecnologia1019 [1 likes]: Estou no Brasil, com um e-commerce b2b implantei seu método no final de outubro/2025, e já estamos com excelentes resultados. Nessa estrutura nova iniciamos com 100 dolares diario. Excelente.
  4. @HumailJamal [1 likes]: Great video... Very easy to understand and clear
  5. @anudeep3964 [1 likes]: Bro, I genuinely love your content and the deep knowledge you’ve got in Meta Ads🔥. 
You’re literally that 0.1% of people who never settle and keep grinding no matter what 💪. 
And the fact that you share all this exceptional knowledge on YouTube for FREE is just next level 👏. 
God bless you, bro and keep hustling and inspiring.
  6. @Mepicalabarba [1 likes]: I love your content so much!!! I would really like to be part of the moonlighters too!! as another moonlighter I mean
  7. @DigitalMarketingJagpal [1 likes]: Hi Sam, I am from India, Nice learning with you, I am also practicing Google ads and Facebook ads from last 10 years, there is always space to improvement. Its Great Learning with you also... Thank You
  8. @SamPiliero: 👉 Work with me and my team: go.themoonlighters.com/apply-l109
👉 Join my coaching program: go.themoonlighters.com/skool-l109
  9. @tourccs: Few days ago i was contact with Facebook team of no perform issue but they Couldn't give proper solution
  10. @GoranČandrlić: Hey Sam - so should I put one broad campaign and do ABO on each of the concepts - so if the concept work - I just scale / refresh with new creatives on the same concept? Or do I put all the concepts in one adset or CBO and let it run? I think it's better to get separate budget for each concept right?
  11. @adamkennedyripon: so essentially your telling us our  costs 100x to create more ad creatives.  And essentially FB just guessing with your ad budget until it finds people that engage with it, and it doesn’t even a.b test the same ad with the same audience. Sounds ludicrous and highly profitable for Facebook revenue. And lacks transparency as only fb AI know what works (not sharing it with us) leaving us in the cold with no learnings
  12. @Crystal_Cook_: This was incredibly helpful. My question is - do we put different concepts into the same campaign/ad set, or should they be separated?
  13. @amazonbdarija: im testing your way "new way"i ll tell you about the result in 48h
  14. @Bvolts71: From what I understand, we no longer need to use CBO for different creative concepts. Since each creative is delivered to a different audience segment, we should rely on ABO until we identify a winning concept. After that, we can create variations of the winning concept and place them into a single CBO campaign. 

However, I’m still confused. if it’s 1 ad 1 audience, why do we even need CBO? Wouldn’t ABO give us better insights, right?
  15. @dano.cienfuegos: Then why is Meta rolling out the "Creative Similarity" report to avoid having ads with the same entity id?
  16. @a-blastwow8557: Hi Sam!  : ) as always, amazing video! Trying to ask you a quick quest: I can spend 5€ a day on a client. But i'm spending without results. Which is the best strategy in that case if i have 5€ daily? Where could be the error? (business: bathroom renovation) . Thanks if you can reply :)
  17. @johnmaris4334: This explains a lot. Started running ads 10 days ago and thought I had lost my mind. Very, very helpful.
  18. @CoolBoxShop: Are those concepts each in it's own adset or are they all in one single adset?
  19. @drewclary4280: Hi Sam, Love the content. How would you structure concepts from a meta ads manager perspective? Put all in same campaign and adset? Have separate ad sets for each concept, but in the same campaign, or have separate campaigns for each concept? Brand spending ~5k/mo
  20. @Entrepryze: Nice video, keep it up , where should I contact you for a potential sponsorship?

- Meta Andromeda Ad Account Structure (2026 Playbook): Kind: captions Language: en What's up guys? Welcome to another video. So, if there is one question that I get asked all the time, especially since the release of Meta Andromeda, is what is the right ad account structure now under this new algorithm? So, people are wondering all the time, should I be doing CBOS or AOS, one ad per adset or 50 ads per adset? Should I still be testing with AOS? Should I add new ads to existing adsets or create new adsets? Should I be doing top of funnel, middle of funnel, bottom of funnel? Like what is the best way to structure an ad account on Facebook ads for e-commerce to still be able to scale hard as we used to do back in the day? So to give you a bit of context before we get into it because we're going to solve it in this video, I'm basically going to give you a framework with a few examples, but a framework so you're able to fully think your way with logic into this new algorithm. So 4 million spent since the release of Metandromedas which was on March until now February. So under this new algorithm for my clients 4.2 3.28 ROAS making them pretty much 14 million. It's been pretty good. Now context. So I had a call on boarding call on Friday with Joel and this was his feedback basically after restructuring his account. Three days two and a half days running the ads. Yeah two days. much better results since launching the new testing yesterday. Thanks for such an excellent call. Excited for the week ahead and stuff. So I told him this is the right structure to pursue and now we can build on top of it. This part is pretty much the most important now for him and for the video for you. So yeah, essentially the first thing that I do with people when they join the program with me is review their account structure and I usually find a lot of mess. Advantage Plus, multiple CBOS, no or one with no intention whatsoever. It's a big mess and we're going to fix it. So, I got this message and I was like, "All right, this is the video to do for the weekend." So, Metandromeda ad account structure. First thing, you want to structure your ad account based on what you sell, how much you spend, and based on signal clarity. We're going to discuss now this in a minute, but basically these are the three things. The algorithm itself is driven now by signals. This is what they take and they quickly know who to show the ad to. All right, probabilistic model on engagement and purchases. So high probability and uh the signal clarity. Now, to give you the fastest example, if you go to your ad account, I'm not running ads for this brand, but let's say you're running ads for this brand, and you see that this ad creative is giving you a ROS of 3.5, has 10 purchases, and a 3.5% CTR. So, you're like, man, this works like crazy. Let's make 10 variations of it, and scale it to the moon. So this is the meta audience pool with the objective purchase already filtered in and you decide to make 10 variations. Let's say they are a little bit different from each other. What's going to happen now with Andromeda is they will all be delivered to the exact same even smaller than this but for the example to the exact same audience segment of people. And what's going to happen is the ROS is going to be good for three days and then it will completely tank to a ROS of one to a ROS of 0.5. The frequency will go up. You will not reach new people and you will stay at that low ROAS or you will completely lower the budget and wonder oh what is going on with Andromeda. So what has actually changed? So before Andromeda any ad would be delivered to a broad audience. It was machine learning. Okay. So we would launch the ad, the ad would get five sales from people wearing glasses and then Meta will deliver the ad to a thousand people wearing glasses and then they would realize basically machine learning. As they deliver it, keeps on learning, keeps on learning, keeps on learning. The learning is already done now. All right? So they don't need more learning. They know everything. In a millisecond after you engage with a creative or you do an ad to cardart, they know. So back in the day, our only goal was to find the golden ad creative and that one ad creative would take us to the moon. Okay, it's not like this anymore. So for let's forget about that and let's run ads as proper advertisers. So what happens when you take for example an for Christmas and you overrun one specific creative format is this. So you can learn from this mistake 6.91 frequency. This means that you've got a pool of 300,000 people in that specific country that an ad creative with a discount, which is what I had there for Christmas, is going to be relevant to. But I'm not going to show your ads to a million people because there are no one million people that are interested in this bottom offunnel discount creative for this specific avatar, for this specific offer, for this specific angle. So that's the audience that I can give give you as meta. This is what I can give you. the rest of the audiences are reserved for those advertisers doing a better job. So don't get yourself into this issue. That's the first thing. Now, what to think about when designing your ad account structure. What I want to give you in this video again is a thinking framework. I want you to become smarter so you make better decisions. If I give you an example that is not relevant to you, to your case, I give you an example and you're like, "Wow, I saw this YouTube video from a guy and he said that we have to do three CBOS's useless. Useless. So, we want to use logic and we want to like I want you to get out of this video smarter than how you get out of other YouTube videos. So, two things. What do I want? What is my business structure?" and do this exercise. So what do I want? There are multiple possibilities for this. Maybe you want to minimize raw as volatility. Maybe you want to minimize creative fatigue. Maybe you just want to find winning ad creatives or you want real incremental growth. You want to avoid audience cannibalization. You want to reach new audiences. You want to maximize the ROAS or you want to maximize the growth. You cannot have it all. So we have to make a decision to be like okay what's our priority? And then you can pick three of these. Okay, you might want to uh it's at the beginning. So you just want to find winning creatives and that is it. So that's going to be one anacon structure and after some time once you find your winning creatives and everything if you're spending 10k a day the only thing that you're looking for is this this and this. So those are your three priorities. And as a professional like the other accounts that I manage, I've I've managed accounts that spend 700K a month and without Andromeda, but the priorities there are way way different to another account spending a,000 a day. It's 30K a month, it's completely different, different business goals. So we have to treat accounts not like a media buyer, but like a professional. You have to make growth happen. So pick a goal or multiple, but make a decision. Now after this what is my business structure? This is going to determine your account structure. So the first one nobody mentions but do I sell a resultsdriven product like cosmetics supplements whatever or do I sell a commodity like fashion this is the first thing I was in a podcast on Thursday and we were it was a podcast about Andromeda and they said what is the best account structure right now to follow and I'm like I don't know depends what are you selling so that's the first thing the second thing do I have one avatar or multiple like am I selling to young men and am I selling also to men 50 plus and then do I have one main sales angle or multiple or no sales angle if I'm selling fashion so this is the other thing and then do I sell to one country three to five countries or five plus because if you sell only to one country we can afford to have like one campaign per avatar but if you're selling to 10 countries, we're going to want to do country tiers and we don't want to have 40 active campaigns in the ad account. So that's also going to change. So you see that there are a lot of variables that determine what's going to be your account structure. But with this thinking, it's how you make the decisions with what I'm going to give you right now. So, and as I mentioned right now, like no sales pitch to you, but the reason why one-on-one coaching works and it makes sense is because it depends. So, I as you saw with the example with Joel, um depending on your stage, your budget, who you're selling to, the avatars, the angles, the countries, we're going to make a decision to commit to an ad account structure and answer the questions of, you know, like like what's the the account structure? How do I do it? How do I test? And the cadence, the rhythm of testing, this also changes a lot. This is not only account structure. This is rhythm. Like how many new creative hypothesis per week, how many new creative iterations per week. If you have a frequency problem, you don't need to do more iterations because they are going to go to the same audience segment. If you have a frequency of three, go for new hypothesis. And if you tell me I have exhausted my new hypothesis and we have already tested this, this this this and that and only this one thing works, then we're going to go in a different direction. But I need to ask you like 10 questions to figure it out. It is very technical. Like don't go to YouTube videos that give you a cheap strategy telling you it's it's three CBOS. That's it. That's the type of account structure. It is not. It's not that that's something that cannot be developed. I have to give you something that you can work on again with Joel. What we did change the account structure, keep it clean depending on his spend and depending on the countries and depending on the angles and the product he's selling. [snorts] And now I have a foundation that he can build on top. So he can come to me next week and be like, "Hey man, I tested this. These are the three things working. Next step, let's go to the avatars. Or next step, let's go to the different angles. Or next step, let's just pick one angle and we figure out what's the winning concept for you. Like before and after or static with this or a video with that. We've got to figure it out. But there's a cadence to this. Okay. So the right thinking framework, the algorithm right now, this is designed to make users happy. It's always been, but now even more. And it's the reason like they want user retention because without user retention the platform is down like it doesn't exist. So when are users happy? This is if you're a media buyer this is what you have to think about. Not when is my row going to be high. No. When are the users happy? The user happy are the users are going to be happy when they see relevant ads. What is a relevant ad? When they receive an ad and they are the avatar. So you don't send me an ad. Don't show me an ad where it says if you're a mom over 40 years old, no, it's not relevant. I'm gonna skip it. It's a bad experience. So, the avatar, they resonate with the sales angle that you put in there. So, if if you target women with the angles the angle of um if they have the menopause blah blah blah, don't target women at 20 years old. So, for example, don't hire UGC creators that are super young to sell an angle that's only relevant for older women. Doesn't make sense. Your ad's not going to get delivery or it's going to have a high CPM. The usually the the consumer usually uh consumes this ad format and then the ad fits their state in your salesunnel. This is one of the most important ones. So, we talk about top of funnel or bottom of funnel, but we can also talk about breakthrough advertising, awareness stages. So differentiate in your account the ads that are unaware to the ads that are super product aware and they are about to buy. So top of top of funnel bottom of funnel. Now back to our example. So if you look at this ad with the thinking framework that I've given you right now this is a bottom ofunnel ad. This is for 50 plus women. It's a static ad and it's priced driven. So this is going to go to a specific audience type at any given time. So I ask you, is is this going to be delivered to top of funnel audiences right now with Andromeda? No. Back in the day, yes. Back in the day, I used to have statics with a discount that would scale to crazy numbers. Um, so what what's going to happen is this is going to stay in bottom of funnel with an audience cap. So you're limited. And if you try to scale it, the only thing you will scale is your CPM, your frequency, and the ROS is going to be destroyed. Is it clear? Now, uh this is basically what I built for people in my program. So, you see that I care about format, but I also care about funnel stage. And then depending on the format in the funnel stage, we're going to work on a different concept. And for each different concept at a different funnel stage, they have access to a specific Atria library that I built on purpose to be like, "Hey guys, with this now there is no chance you don't you cannot fill up the right ad account structure." So they have it right there and it gets way easier. Now um we can call this the Andromeda at creative matrix. Call it whatever you want. But when I talk about matrix matrix is because we're mixing two things at the same time. So this it depends you have to play with the it depends. Meaning if I'm selling to a top offunnel audience and I'm going to be using a a an image then I'm going to be using this concept and this concept. The other ones are not relevant to me. Okay. So if you only have two concepts that are relevant and we're going top of funnel that's going to be structured separately from if we do an image that's going to be bottom of funnel and it's going to be an offer. These two are different so they're reaching different audiences with way lower overlap so they can go separate. [snorts] Now uh we design our ad creatives right now to reach different audiences. This is the main goal. different audiences is just like the signal clarity thing that I mentioned at the beginning. So we give different signals to the algorithm and they love it. So we structure these creatives based on the avatar, the funnel stage and the sales angle. To give you an example, but don't take as as if you have to do this. Okay? So we have these two avatars in one ad account that are very clear, very different. They have basically different goals but the product is the same and the product is extremely useful for both but they will buy it for a completely different reasons reason and also they consume different content like the attention span is different. Everything is different. We have to hire different creators for each of them. So I was like I'm just going to do an testing for each one. It's way more comfortable, easier visual for me. So I did this. So in this case, we're structure the testing campaigns based on avatar. Inside of this, I'm going to have the angles or the concepts. But look at what I'm doing. Top of funnel, middle of funnel, bottom, bottom. When I have this, I already know that these two adsets, I'm not going to take them to a thousand a day in ad spend. I know because the frequency will go up. But this thing which will have a lower ROAS than the bottom of funnel, this top of funnel is going to be a market opener. And if after seven to 14 days running, the frequency stays below I don't know 1.4, I'm going to be very happy. And if the ROAS is above break even, I'm going to be very happy. So the combination of these two, which I can guarantee you it will almost never happen with bottom of funnel adsets. Um, the combination of these two makes for an adset that's going to be growthdriven. So that's my that's my direction, but I also want to have bottom of funnel because I want to have high ROAS. So it's the combination. And now in here, what I'm doing is I'm I'm just testing um concepts and angles and client review and negative angle, three reasons why transformation and this and that. And here's where I'm finding winners for each specific avatar. So there you have it. Now last thing to close the video. I've seen a lot of YouTube videos and and people mentioning this one big CBO account structure. So it makes sense to a certain extent. Let me let me articulate this. So people say I'm going to avoid audience overlap by just having one big CVO. And in my opinion that is true, but it's not smart. You're losing sales. So when I talk every single every two weeks I have a call with Meta. So we [snorts] have a private team of two people uh from the headquarters that they give us support and what they want essentially. By the way, right now I'm running a a conversion lift study. Um it's a huge conversion lift study. What I basically had to duplicate the whole ad account twice with two different account structures. Um and they're going to run the conversion lift. Everything is published turned off. So that's going to be huge to prove my point. But maybe no, we will see. So talking to these account managers, they want diversity. They want to satis they want you to satisfy different users with different ads, with different messages, everything different. So one big CBO allows the algorithm to never saturate a specific audience because they never reach all potential audiences. they pick one audience and and they they spend most of the spend is going to go to three ads. So if you if you spend 90% of your ad spend in three ads, you can tell me, yeah, we don't have overlap for sure. But of all of the audiences that were potentially on on the meta auction that participate in this in these campaigns for for conversion purchase, you're reaching these people, my friends. And this is great until a certain point. So what I would like to do is man, for me, I want to reach everybody here differently if the product is relevant. So to each one of these audiences, like this this this little chart right here, this is like a million. But if I have a CBO where three ads take 90% of the spend, can I reach all of these audiences? No. So then there's no overlap because I only reach one one type of audience for one sales angle or for one avatar. And that is cool and it's going to work. You're not going to have overlap, but are you going to have growth? Like are you maximizing your chances of growing by going to different by by forcing spend into different avatars with different messages with diversification with multiple formats everything that Andromeda wants but I want I still want growth and back in the day I could reach all of these audiences very easily but now not anymore so I have to change my account structure and that's it guys if you want to get more information as to who I work with how I work how does everything work I've got this video where I break down step by step um like how my program works and and why it gets such great results for people and uh basically an intro of who I am which I didn't do in this video. Uh the link is in the description of this video so go down below check it out. It's like 10 minutes like 11 minutes. Um check it out and whenever you want to join us in the community and have oneonone calls and everything and grow um you're super welcome. I'll see you in the next video. Towto.

  Top Comments:
  1. @kaushalpatel5627 [2 likes]: Again, great perspective! When we test ads in ABO for scaling in CBO later, do we test every single ad or we test an angle, and once that angle shows result we directly make variations to put in CBO?
  2. @ot_puig [2 likes]: best value on yt as always 🙌
  3. @ap-ds4cu [1 likes]: When testing with ABO, can we continuously add new ads to ad sets, or is there a limit to how many?
  4. @Garo_Tcherpachian [1 likes]: so in fact nothing changed ? we still do TOF MOF BOF all with the same goal now ?
  5. @afbados [1 likes]: Espectacular video Manel como siempre. Despues de verlo todavia sigo debatiendome como arrancar con un cliente. Porque si queiro trabajar diferentes avatars o subavatars.... pero la audiencia potencial es pequeña... dado que son campañas para captar agentes inmobiliarios en solo una ciudad de argentina. No creo que haya mas que 50.000 personas potenciales con esas características en la ciudad. Me parece muy pequeña como para hacer una campaña para cada avatar aunque tengan diferentes motivaciones para trasnformarse ne agentes inmobiliarios, creo que se saturarían las campañas...
  6. @juniormadlife2642 [1 likes]: You are the most genuine channels I ve seen lately. Straight to the point and no bullshit. love your videos man! I have a brand that scaling rn I hope we can work in the future
  7. @erkamdigital [1 likes]: Informative video thanks
  8. @NoahLEGAC-h8k [1 likes]: Hey Manel when implemanting the 1 CBO and multiple Ad Sets for the different marketing angles Meta has hit me with the "careful for ad set fragmentation" message. Is this a issue or should I let it go ?
  9. @YavorRumenov-v9o [1 likes]: Hey Manel! How would you go about a lead gen account with roughly 100-130€ daily budget? Right now I'm using 1 CBO, 1 adset, dumping all creatives there and killing off big losers (something like 3x CPA). This has been working good, but I was wondering if I should try the 1 CBO, 1 adset per angle approach? What's stopping me is that the CPL is around 7€ and we won't be able to generate more than 50 conversion events per adset if we use multiple ones. Thank you in advance!
  10. @glowtail-f2h [1 likes]: Amazing....does fb primary text determine the audience as well?
  11. @tanmia2026 [1 likes]: Such great information thanks for your effort,will we use different angles and creative diversity in different campaign with different uses like interests and age exclusion or inclusion or use it all in broad form
  12. @shwanolumora [1 likes]: Hey Manel, as always golden video. I have quick question regarding finding winning signal using ABO for my brand.

For my testing phase, to find which angle I should pursue, I'm planning on doing ABO, 3 ad set, Authority, Founder, Mechanism, 3 ads per ad set. It isn't really designed by TOF/MOF/BOF, the ads differ more based on setting/script/tone. Is this also acceptable or should I do for example in each ad set 2 TOF 2 MOF 1 BOF? Also, would your answer change depending on budget?

Would really appreciate some guidance!
  13. @Rickyyadav-x8q [1 likes]: Hi! I’m a dedicated video editor and I’d be happy to help enhance your content. Let me know how we can connect.
  14. @backgroundmusic5523 [1 likes]: Great job, Manel. I am learning a lot from you! Keep the videos coming!
  15. @Goldenplace-p1u [1 likes]: Please, regarding that last part u mentioned - does this mean that even if you diversify your content to reach different avatars, the algorithm will still reach the same avatar if you put them all in the same campaign?
Are you saying the problem is with the spend? So is the solution to use minimum spend, or  give it enough budget so it can properly distribute the spend across everything. what do u think ? btw thank u for the video good reasoning as always but im not sure about ur last part (about one camp ,,,)
  16. @gabisedyciasss [1 likes]: excellent video as always hermano!
  17. @Cesarmane [1 likes]: machineee.. im Wathing u from brazil, bro im running your videos since yesterday (non stop), you Are a MONSTER.
  18. @gustav4658: hello Manel, would you recommend to have both BOF and TOF in the same scaling CBO or separate them in two different CBOs
  19. @romakermenik4180: Another decent video as usual! :)
One thing I am veeeery curious about. If we talk about TOFU ads would you exclude engaged audience (both FB IG engagement and website visitors) on top of existing customers list to reach higher new visitors rate for these ads?
  20. @yousefmohamed8934: Incredible value! Each video I'm learning valuable info & taking notes. I have a question, though. How can I interpret frequency for my TOF ads? When do I say "Oh, this frequency after this spend is too high for a problem aware market opener."

- Meta Ads Campaign Structure + Targeting in 2026 (Andromeda Update Explained!): Kind: captions Language: en Meta ads have changed drastically in 2025. Meta has announced the Andromeda update. And in this video, I'm going to show you exactly what kind of campaign structure you need to use to become successful. And I'm also going to show you how targeting works in 2025. So, this is going to be a crucial video if you want to crush meta ads in 2025. So, grab a cup of coffee, make sure you subscribe, and now, let's get started. Hey, what's going on everybody? Welcome back to the channel. In case you're new here, welcome. I'm super excited to have you. My name is Julian. I'm an entrepreneur and a content creator and I'll say marketer. And in this video, I'm going to show you how you can run ads in 2025 with Meta because I hear this so often that Meta ads are dead and it's not working anymore. And to be honest, like this could not be further from the truth. Like as of recording of this video on the 10th of November in 2025, by the way, um our ads are crushing it and they are working better than ever before. So, um, it's actually not true at all that it's not working, but things have changed. Like how you ran ads, I don't know, like three, four, five months ago. This is not how you do it today. So, in this video, I'm going to show you how it works. And the good part is it's actually a lot easier compared to how it was in the past. But, let's kick things off. So, I'm here inside of a, you know, inside of a sample ad account. So, that's also why there is nothing here inside. Um, and let's get started with creating a campaign. Um, when it comes to the campaign objective, what kind of campaign objective should you use? In my opinion, for like 99% of all of you guys, it should be either a sales campaign or a leads campaign. Um, if you want to run awareness traffic or engagement campaigns, what you're going to do is you're going to get a lot like a big reach. You're going to get lots of likes and interactions, but it's not going to translate into any sales and into revenue at the end of the day. So, that's not what we want. leads is going to be really good if you are, I don't know, if you're running a local business and you want to collect um information like contact information of potential clients that you then call later on or in case you want to have like a very simple book a call funnel. That's when you're going to do a lead form or like leads as a campaign objective. But in like every other scenario, sales is going to be the way to go. So just click on continue here inside of the inside of the ad uh inside of the campaign level, excuse me. Basically the only question that we should talk about is campaign or adset budget and in my opinion it depends a little bit for the campaign that we are setting up right now which is going to be a sting campaign. Um the way and how I like to test is through adset budget. So that way I have more control and that way I can test on what I want to test whether it's different geographical regions whether it's different creatives I just have a lot more control. I do like to have this toggle on where I I still want to give Meta more control because the AI is just so damn good already that I I I actually trust it more compared to how it was in the past. But um when it comes to the testing campaign, um this should just be a adset budget optimization. Um ideally you will also have your audience segmented. So, what you can do here is you can just click here on this audience segment reporting and then you can upload a CSV file of people that are engaged of like people that were on your sales page, people that went to your checkout, people that showed some kind of an interest, people that are a lead for you. And then you can also upload a list of existing customers, which is basically just a paying member list. And again, also just a very simple CSV file. Again, since this is just a sample ad account, I don't have this set up right now, but this is something that you're always doing. And this is one of the key changes with Andromeda is that you're not segmenting cold audience and warm audience. So you're not using like your your basic top of funnel, middle, middle of funnel, and bottom of funnel campaigns. We're just combining all of this because Meta just knows better what's going to perform best. So yeah, that's everything that we do here. And then let's talk about the adset. Um yeah, the adset and the targeting itself. Naming convention is going to be crucially important. It's not going to be super important for this video, but the way on and how I like to use it is just um have uh the year, then the month, and then the day, and then it's like, I don't know, like a USA, I don't know, interest campaign, something like this. And I also like to have the naming here. Um the reason for that is um I want to be able to filter it fast. So, I do not want to waste like tons of time to figure out like, okay, what has this campaign actually been when I'm doing my data analysis. So with one glance I need to see like okay when did I start this who like where am I targeting geographically is it a lookalike is it open targeting is it whatever in this case it's going to be an interest base and then also the age that's basically all I need and then I'm good to go from here on when it comes to the conversion um side of things my conversion like destiny is always the um is always my website I always want to maximize the number of conversion um you need to have a pixel setup uh again this would be way too much to cover in this video. By the way, um in case all of this is too fast for you and you want to have this broken down into bitsized pieces and you also want to have a community to go alongside with a training program, make sure you check out the first link down below that like button. We do have an awesome master class called AI meta ads accelerator where we are going to show you how you can use the power of AI on one side and how you can combine this and use this to run successful meta ads. It's an absolute epic master class. I think we have something like 50 tutorials inside and again a community alongside with it where I'm going to show you everything that I'm showing you also here but in like 10 times more detail and also everything else like how you can set up how you can um set up your tracking, how you can create creatives, um how like all of this we also give you custom AI tools. Um again check out the link down below. It will be the first link below that like button. But yeah, the way and how I came to this was you need to have a pixel setup and you also need to set up a custom conversion. And in this case for me it's going to be a purchase. If you're collecting leads, if you're trying to collect phone numbers, whatever, um then this might be complete registration. But usually, and also the way and what we found is uh it's just going to be uh it's just going to be purchase. That's how you can get the best quality leads. If we scroll further down, um we could create custom rules. That's all going to be um way too much for now. When it comes to the budget, um again, it depends a little bit on the type of product that you're selling. It also depends a little bit on your target market. like are you selling something locally? Is it going to be only relevant to where you live plus 10 km or are you selling worldwide? Um I would say something like the minimum budget would be um not 50 but actually €5 per day for one adset and like maybe one or maximum two ads. But in this case I'm just going to get started with let's say €10 per day. And this is going to give me like a very good starting point and then I can test um two creatives afterwards. So $10 per day. I do not like to set an end date for some reason. Like whenever we set an end date, the performance is just dropping and it's not performing as well compared to what it used to do. So we just leave that open. And that's when we're talking about the audience. And this is going to be crucially important and this is probably what you have been waiting for. So listen very closely. So in the past if I would have made this video let's say 5 months ago I always told our students that um go to further limit the reach of your ads and make sure that you nail down and narrow down the audience as detailed as somehow possible. Um this is how you used to advertise but again with the Andromeda update this is no longer how it's actually done. So we actually stay in this advantage plus targeting area. What you can see here at the top these controls here at the top these are hard boundaries. So you can click on more controls and for example if we go in here and I I named this um USA. So I'm just going to type in United States. And now it's only going to target people in the United States. Sometimes it might happen that you know also someone in Canada or in I don't know Mexico or something is also going to see this. But this is going to be very rarely and this is a hard boundary. So it's only going to be people in the US. Same thing also applies for the minimum age. So, in case I don't know, I'm selling something that's only relevant to people that are like a certain age, then we can set up the minimum age to 25 is the maximum that we can set here. But usually these days, we just leave it open. And then we could also exclude people. So, in case I don't know, I have a list of paying members, what I told you before. In case I absolutely do not want them to also see the ad that I'm running, then I can just create a custom audience over here in the audience area and then I could exclude them. That's how it works. Super easy. And then also in case I don't know like if you're targeting people I don't know in in in Switzerland where some people are talking French others are talking English other are talking I don't know German then you could just say like I only want to target people that are talking in German I don't know like in the US it's not going to make a lot of sense and you can also see that the target audience is really small just to show you this is what you could do and then below here when you click on here you can see we are suggesting an audience so in the past what we did very often is we were testing like one simple detail targeting. So for example, if we go here to detail targeting and we type in like film making something like this um then I would go to yeah interest in film making and then I would test this and then I would just duplicate everything and then I would have I don't know like one that would be I don't know movie making or DSLR or something like this and this is how it used to work. But what you can see here is like meta is actually telling us that this is just a suggestion. Um, so no matter what we put in here, the algorithm and the AI of meta is still going to do its thing. So the way and how I like to do this is I like to keep this very broad these days. It's like I'm not narrowing it down like it used to be of like I don't know I only want to target people that are 18 to 33 or like something really specific like this and only people that are interested in this in this and in that. these days what I'm doing for example if we're targeting people for our avatar for our AI avatar course then I'm just saying I don't know like something that are people that are interested in social media marketing for example social media marketing and then people that are interested in digital marketing and maybe one more like content marketing something like this and then you can see we have a ginormous target audience because we're targeting the entire UK uh US excuse me and in the past we always told our students like you need to be like below Ow 10 million these days. It's like I keep it as broad as it is and that's going to be fine. If you have your tracking set up properly, if you have a good offer and if you have good creatives, this is going to conf convert awesomely. Um placements, we just leave it as it is. Like we keep it standardly. We're also targeting or we're also advertising on threads. And this is basically how we're um how we're setting up our um targeting these days. Then it's all about the creatives. And again, this would be way too much to cover for this video. Um, again, in case you want to learn this, check out the AI meta ads accelerator. But this is how how we set up testing campaigns. And then, for example, I would have um not only one ad here, but I would maybe have something like two ads in here. And this would be add one with hook one. And then this would be add one with hook two. Something like this. And then I would maybe have, I don't know, two, three, four different options depending on the budget that I have here. Again, with $10, I would say like at least five euros or five dollars per ad that you have um just as a rule of thumb. It's not like something that you have written in stone, but that's like just a rule of thumb, a guideline for you. And that's how you can get started with your testing campaign. And then, for example, if you wanted to also target different, you know, types of regions on the on the earth, you could just duplicate this entire adset here, original campaign. And then for example what we could do is we could just instead of USA we could just target the UK or Europe in general something like this. Then of course we would go down here and change the actual location. And then we would let this run for let's say 5 days or something like this. Again this is going to depend on your budget. But um considering we have $10 per day. Um I would say like at least 5 to 7 days is the time range that I would give this ads to actually deliver result. Especially if you are starting out and and you have not ran lots of ads before, I would maybe even give it a little more ads unless it's like super super bad, then cut them off earlier. So this is our testing campaign and then after a couple of days once we figured that okay, I don't know the US is performing a lot better and especially I don't know hook one is performing extremely well. That's when we're going to come over here not only to our testing campaign but we're going to create a new campaign and this is going to be a scaling campaign. And inside of this scaling campaign, there's only going to be those ads that are absolutely crushing it. So, those ads that have a a high click-through ratio, a low cost per click, and a high, you know, like a high conversion rate overall and a low cost per acquisition. And that's what we're going to do here. Again, we would have um basic more or less the same adset as we had before, the same ad as before, and then we would just crank up the budget a lot. Um that's going to be like just a quick overview over how meta ads work these days. Of course, like we cannot cover absolutely everything in this video because then it would be like 3 hours long. Again, in case you are interested in this, in case you want to have a community where you can also ask your questions, share your work and get feedback from myself and from the entire team and make sure you check out the AI metadata ads accelerator. We also have eight proprietary um AI tools that is trained with everything that we know that's trained with our frameworks that we're using for ad copy, for ad scripting, for everything. also when it comes to checking your offer, building your funnel, everything. Um, it's absolutely awesome and we also have a money back guarantee, so you might as well just give it a shot. But thank you so much for watching. I really hope this gave you a good overview and I'll see you inside the accelerator.

  Top Comments:
  1. @jeremykatzlongdrive [1 likes]: What's the max number of interests/demographics you'd suggest using for one ad set now? Does it matter?
  2. @trackingconsulting: Excellent breakdown of the Andromeda update. One thing most advertisers still overlook is conversion tracking accuracy. Without clean event tracking and proper deduplication, Meta’s AI cannot optimize correctly. Campaign structure matters, but tracking infrastructure decides profitability. If anyone here is struggling with inconsistent ROAS, it’s usually a data problem, not a targeting problem.

- Sound of Metal's Brilliant Sound Design: Kind: captions Language: en If you're going to tell the story of a&nbsp; metal drummer who's losing his hearing,&nbsp;&nbsp; how do you dramatize that and connect the&nbsp; audience with the character's experience?&nbsp;&nbsp; One of the beautiful things about film is that&nbsp; as a medium that combines both sound and picture,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's actually possible to modify&nbsp; the sound the audience is hearing&nbsp;&nbsp; so that it mimics the perspective&nbsp; of someone with hearing loss. [Inaudible muffled sound] For director Darius Maurder and&nbsp; supervising sound editor Nicholas Becker&nbsp;&nbsp; these representations of Ruben's hearing&nbsp; loss were based on extensive research&nbsp;&nbsp; into how hearing loss sounds, that started a year&nbsp; before any other crew were brought onto the film. &nbsp;&nbsp; This video is sponsored by Nordpass. Creating&nbsp;the soundscape of deafness is extremely nuanced. But there are a few simple techniques that are&nbsp; used to great effect in the film THOMAS : This is Alex Knickerbocker. And chances are you've probably&nbsp;heard his work at some point watching tv or in a theater. THOMAS: I've learned a lot about film sound&nbsp;from his channel and so I reached out to see if he would help me understand the artistry that&nbsp;went into the sound of "The Sound of Metal." The two biggest factors in how we perceive sound are&nbsp; frequency and amplitude. THOMAS: In moments representing the beginning of Ruben's hearing loss things don't&nbsp;just sound quieter but are duller and muffled [low rumbling - muffled dialogue] ALEX: As we start losing our hearing we're not just&nbsp; losing all frequencies at the same rate. It's not&nbsp;like turning a volume knob down we're actually&nbsp; losing each individual frequency differently.&nbsp;&nbsp; RUBEN: [muffled] I can't hear anything. THOMAS: most of what Ruben can still hear&nbsp; are lower end frequencies and so&nbsp;&nbsp; these frequencies are what we get to hear as&nbsp; the audience when we're in his perspective. RUBEN: [muffled] I can hear you. THOMAS: Some of the work to create this effect can be done&nbsp; in post-production. ALEX: You can mimic that simply by recording your voice into a normal microphone&nbsp;and rolling off all the high frequencies until&nbsp;&nbsp; only those lower frequencies are left. THOMAS: for example i could use an equalizer on my voice to cut out the high end and make&nbsp;it sound more muffled like you're hearing now. [sound becomes muffled]&nbsp;&nbsp; THOMAS: But creating this effect as accurately and&nbsp; richly as possible starts even in how you&nbsp;&nbsp; approach recording the sound. ALEX: There's a type of&nbsp;microphone called a contact mic and it picks up sound not through the air as a normal microphone&nbsp; would but through vibrations in solid objects. ALEX: So the microphone needs to be in direct contact with&nbsp; whatever object it's going to record sound through. [low metallic drumming] ALEX: So what you end up with is a very&nbsp; different perception of sound&nbsp;&nbsp; because you're not hearing it travel through&nbsp; air as normal it's coming through very condensed&nbsp;solid matter. THOMAS: For example in this scene a contact&nbsp; mic placed directly on the slide would have a very&nbsp;&nbsp; different perception of the sound of Ruben&nbsp; drumming than a typical microphone would.&nbsp; This difference in perception that&nbsp; can be captured with a contact mic&nbsp;&nbsp; was an important piece of illustrating Rubin's&nbsp; experience of hearing loss for the audience. For Nicholas Becker sometimes even the&nbsp; existing recording equipment wasn't enough.&nbsp;&nbsp; "I was able to build a small microphone that you&nbsp; can put in your mouth without it being broken&nbsp;&nbsp; we were able to really recall&nbsp; all the inner sounds from Riz&nbsp;&nbsp; racing heartbeats blood pressure&nbsp; tendons moves muscle and bone movements." [low rumbling + clicking and popping sounds] THOMAS: But creating a compelling sound experience&nbsp; for the audience and telling the film's story&nbsp;&nbsp; wasn't just about being able to create an accurate&nbsp; representation of reuben's subjective perspective.&nbsp;&nbsp; One of the most important elements is how the&nbsp; film uses the movement between sonic perspectives&nbsp;&nbsp; and the contrast between loud&nbsp; and quiet moments in the film.&nbsp;&nbsp; This is ridiculous ALEX: One of my favorite sonic&nbsp;choices throughout the entire film is the use of contrast, between perspectives between loud&nbsp; versus quiet between delicate versus intense. [loud drumming, electric guitar] ALEX: With a film titled the sound&nbsp; of metal you expect that to be&nbsp;&nbsp; abrasive to some degree you expect&nbsp; it to be really over the top The opening sequence of the concert is just that&nbsp; it's extremely aggressive it's really intense&nbsp;&nbsp; sound and then the second you get away from that&nbsp; it cuts to... ALEX: A peaceful morning inside of basically a camper out in the middle of a parking lot. Using&nbsp;that kind of contrast just in perspective changes really draws your attention to how loud&nbsp; something is or how aggressive something&nbsp;is&nbsp; and then gives you a point of reference that's&nbsp; totally separate from what that was just like so&nbsp;&nbsp; it guides the audience's attention very&nbsp; effectively. THOMAS: That contrast between the loud concert and the quiet environment the next day makes&nbsp;us more aware of the sound in the camper and&nbsp;&nbsp; Ruben's environment, without drawing too&nbsp; much attention to the sound design itself&nbsp;&nbsp; [loud breaths - coffee brewing] ALEX: You have all of these little&nbsp; subtle details of the birds outside... [seagulls - distant traffic] ALEX: The atmospheres feel just a&nbsp; little bit more pristine...&nbsp; And even down to the foley or the production&nbsp; recordings of the blender going in the&nbsp;&nbsp; morning and all the little details of the foley&nbsp; as the characters move around the trailer itself. &nbsp;&nbsp; [cloth rustling - creaking] ALEX: It's all this stuff that you&nbsp; wouldn't ordinarily think of. Drawing our attention to these sounds&nbsp; is important because it increases our&nbsp;&nbsp; awareness of their absence the next day&nbsp; as Ruben begins to lose his hearing. [muffled rumbling] The same idea can be applied when you're&nbsp; switching back and forth between perspectives from&nbsp;&nbsp; the you know normal perception of of the world&nbsp; around you. PHARMACIST: It's probably a two out of ten in terms of his hearing he can't he's having&nbsp; trouble even communicating with me. ALEX: Versus&nbsp;what it's like to perceive those same&nbsp; things without being able to hear them. [muffled rumbling - inaudible dialogue] ALEX: Having that contrast makes the starkness of&nbsp; silence that much more intense and that much&nbsp;more heavy. THOMAS: The film spends a lot of time inside&nbsp; Ruben's auditory perspective at the beginning&nbsp;&nbsp; often tying these moments to more subjective shots&nbsp; that places inside Ruben's perspective visually.&nbsp;&nbsp; But as the story moves along more time is&nbsp; spent back in the auditory perspective of&nbsp;&nbsp; full hearing and the film only uses Ruben's&nbsp; auditory perspective for emphasis. THOMAS: But because&nbsp;the film returns mostly to the perspective of full&nbsp; hearing during Ruben's stay at the deaf community...&nbsp;&nbsp; What? THOMAS: There are lots of scenes&nbsp; with no dialogue or music. THOMAS: And because of that the sounds from&nbsp; the environment and the movements of&nbsp;&nbsp; the characters take more of a center&nbsp; stage than they would in most films. ALEX: The sound team did a really effective job with&nbsp; this film in the quiet and subtle moments because&nbsp;&nbsp; from a technical perspective once you start&nbsp; taking away music you take away a lot of&nbsp;&nbsp; you know over-the-top action stuff, sonically&nbsp; there's not really a whole lot to hide behind. So you better make sure that your production&nbsp; sound is really clean you don't have any&nbsp;&nbsp; traffic, you don't have anything that&nbsp; isn't going on in picture to distract,&nbsp;&nbsp; and you have to make sure that all of the&nbsp; background layers of sounds, from the birds outside... ...to maybe the creaking of the old house...&nbsp;&nbsp; ...to the wind coming through you&nbsp; know maybe a drafty point a window... ...all of those little details need to be&nbsp; exactly right. One of the hardest balances&nbsp;&nbsp; to find in those moments is how loud you&nbsp; play certain foley movements you know even&nbsp;&nbsp; the smallest most delicate cloth movements,&nbsp; if you don't hear those to a degree&nbsp;&nbsp; a film sounds lifeless and you don't notice&nbsp; it until it's not there. So during these scenes&nbsp;&nbsp; when you have a whole group of people not&nbsp; talking they're just signing to each other... ...the foley of cloth movement... ...the foley of the actual sound of your hands. You&nbsp; know if you get really close into a microphone... [hands rustling] You can hear that. You can hear that there&nbsp; is some movement to it, but obviously if you&nbsp;&nbsp; overplay that it's going to sound&nbsp; unnatural and draw attention to itself.&nbsp;&nbsp; So that balance that they struck in those&nbsp; scenes had to have been extremely delicate. [wind - quiet creaking screen door] THOMAS: Ultimately the sound design plays a big role in&nbsp; the emotional story arc and Ruben's character arc&nbsp;&nbsp; in the film. The contrast we talked about earlier&nbsp; of the loud distorted sounds of the metal concert,&nbsp;&nbsp; against both the quieter sounds of&nbsp; the next day, and Ruben's hearing loss,&nbsp;&nbsp; sets up a kind of sonic motif that bookends&nbsp; the story. Spoilers for the end of the movie&nbsp;ahead. Once Rubin gets cochlear implants the&nbsp; film's interpretation of what this sounds like. [metallic distorted city sounds] THOMAS: While less pleasant and musical than&nbsp; the concert music the film opens with... [loud distorted metallic guitar] [loud metallic bell striking] ...bears some striking resemblance nonetheless.&nbsp; Through distortion and compression everything&nbsp;&nbsp; sounds overwhelming, metallic, and grating. At&nbsp; both the beginning and the end of the film&nbsp;&nbsp; there's a shift from a sound of metal, to quiet.&nbsp; And it's Ruben's change in how he perceives&nbsp;&nbsp; these two shifts that marks his character's&nbsp; development. The first shift is something lost And the second through the acceptance Ruben&nbsp; has learned is something gained. &nbsp; [total silence] Huge thank you&nbsp;once again to Alex for his help on this video.&nbsp; He makes some of the best educational content&nbsp;&nbsp; on YouTube about sound. And thank you to my&nbsp; sponsor nordpass for sponsoring this video.&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm very excited to tell you about nordpass&nbsp; because i genuinely believe everyone should be&nbsp;&nbsp; using a password manager on the internet we've all&nbsp; had to deal with the headache that is having to&nbsp;&nbsp; manage our passwords writing your passwords down&nbsp; or storing them in your browser is inconvenient&nbsp;&nbsp; and insecure and using the same easy to remember&nbsp; passwords over and over again for multiple&nbsp;&nbsp; websites puts you at a huge security risk but you&nbsp; can solve both of these problems at the same time&nbsp;&nbsp; increase your security and make your life easier&nbsp; by using nordpass i've been using a password&nbsp;&nbsp; manager for years and i would hate to have to go&nbsp; back to not using one you can use nor pass for&nbsp;&nbsp; free on one device but premium is super affordable&nbsp; it allows you to access your password securely&nbsp;&nbsp; on up to six devices it lets you share passwords&nbsp; like a netflix password with other people securely&nbsp;&nbsp; and it automatically checks your passwords against&nbsp; security breaches to make sure they're secure you&nbsp;&nbsp; can get 70 off as a part of the end of winter sale&nbsp; which is ending very soon by going to nordpass.com&nbsp;&nbsp; thomasflight go to nordpass.com thomasflight&nbsp; or click the link in the description&nbsp;&nbsp; to sign up for premium and get 70&nbsp; off plus an extra month for free

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThomasFlight [122 likes]: Thank you to Alex Knickerbocker for his help with this video! I found his channel last year, and I think he makes some of the best content about sound recording and post on YouTube, so go check him out and subscribe! https://www.youtube.com/c/AlexKnickerbocker
  2. @bigpictureguys8415 [9 likes]: This scene was the most accurate depiction of AA/NA / recovery in general that I’ve seen. 

The actor who played the man who ran the deaf center absolutely nailed a substance abuse counselor. I felt like I’ve met that guy when I watched it
  3. @ogeidsamsora [4 likes]: This film is so powerful man, I keep coming back to it at times of stress and I feel the need to get grounded during my free time.
  4. @JamesDel0610 [2 likes]: I'm not seeing anyone mention that he was finally able to sit still at the end
  5. @thedude-sp8po [2 likes]: Notice also how the film only follows Ruben the whole time. It really helps to make us understand things from his perspective. Many films with an isolated protagonist do this, but how dedicated Sound of Metal is to this really brings it home.
  6. @MoiraRussell [1 likes]: Excellent video for a great movie!
  7. @nananou1687 [1 likes]: Isn't contact mic also used in Silent Voice ? 
Again another brilliant movie with a great score
  8. @stacyOyo: Credits to Nicolas Becker the boss of Foley
  9. @JorgeFerreira-cf1lc: Thank you all
  10. @Goddessofthrash-u9k: Didn't he used earplugs???
  11. @TJMcDonough: I wasn’t the biggest fan of this film but I can’t deny how this features and utilizes some of the most chillingly masterful sound design I’ve ever heard in anything, and it reminded me why sound design is one of my favorite aspects of filmmaking.

It immerses you into the character and his surroundings, and I think the film peaks whenever you barely hear anything going on in the real world. It was uniquely chilling and effective, unlike anything I’ve ever seen before in a movie.

I really appreciated what the film was going for with its experimental portrayal of becoming deaf, as someone who isn’t losing his hearing and isn’t a part of the deaf community, and most of that is because of how masterful the sound design in this movie really is.

I’m more than happy that this won the Oscar for Sound because of how much it revolutionized sound design in future movies to come. As fantastic as the sound design in movies like Dune or Top Gun: Maverick are, I usually find more experimental wins like this and The Zone of Interest to be more satisfying for me, simply because they didn’t need to rely on being the loudest movie of the year.

Read my review on Letterboxd if you’re curious why I wasn’t the biggest fan of this film, but I needed to mention how this features some of the best sound design I’ve ever heard in any movie.

https://letterboxd.com/kinghopperofnyc/film/sound-of-metal/
  12. @benincyprus: Powerful film that inspired me to learn BSL
  13. @mayank2564: i am going to be honest with you, i honestly thought i was going deaf when i was watching that movie, and when my roommate came and talked with me, it felt weird.
  14. @basdickhoff639: What kind of contact mic would be a good option?
  15. @jes.cobar92: Truthfully, I just came here to cry. 😆
I knew seeing even just a small clip from this movie would do it and it did. This was one of the hardest movies to get through as a musician. He goes through one of my deepest fears and it's unbelievably accurate in every aspect. It's one of my favourites but I don't know that I'll be capable of watching it again. Overwhelmingly stunning film.
  16. @xpiredClips: its amazing to say I know one of the producers on this movie and it is such a fantastic film.
  17. @kavlara: My father lost hearing completely in one ear, and he’s been losing the hearing in the ear that still works. This movie made me think about him, it was very emotional
  18. @J0ELLEx: Alex looks like Serj Tankien
  19. @hussey1990: Riz ahmed was crazy good in the movie..
Such an underrated movie
  20. @TheEnderBand: The ending reminds me a lot of the end of Pi by Darren Aronofsky- spoiler the protagonist sits peacefully on a bench after trepanning himself to stop the relentless stream of information he was experiencing

- How Sound of Metal Created the Audio illusion of Going Deaf (ft. Oscar Winner Nicolas Becker): Kind: captions Language: en [Muffeled Sound] I can't hear anything. In this film, what was very specific, it was not about doing good sound. It was about sound, you know, and how you perceive it. That’s Nicolas Beker. He was the sound designer on Sound of Metal, and he’s going to talk to us about how he and director Darius Marder created the auditory illusion of going deaf in Sound of Metal. For those who don’t know, Sound of Metal follows Rubn, a heavy metal drummer, as he struggles to find his place in the world after losing his hearing. And the film’s ability to portray the onset of hearing loss through its soundtrack is just as remarkable as numerous performances it helped strengthen. That’s in large part due to Nicolas’ unique approach to sound design. He’s going to fill us in on the absurd lengths he went to record the film’s sound library, which included micing preserved skulls. We’ll get into his views on creating an “audio depth of field” by treating microphones like camera lenses. And finally, we’ll also talk about how he and the Sound of Metal team went about designing the sound of the cochlear implants. But before we get into all that, we need to discuss the copious amount of research that Darius and Nicolas conducted before cameras ever rolled. For example, Darius called me like one year before to start the start of the shoot. He came to Paris and we spent like one week speaking about music, songs, films, looking at some sequence of other films, reading some literature about how you become deaf, perception, you know, underwater perception. Even at the end of this week, the DOP, Daniël, join us, you know? And, uh, we, we spent like three days to understand how we could combine the picture and the sound to create an interesting point of view from the perspective of Reuben. To help the director better understand the sensation of deafness, Nicolas also took Darius to an anechoic chamber, a special type of room which is designed to absorb sound waves and create an echo-free environment. Basically, if nothing is making a sound in that room... it's very, very quiet. I bring Darius in that room. I switch off the light, and I left him there for 30 minutes in pure silence and darkness. And when he came out, he was like, "wow." He was very shocked because he was like, "I was hearing everything! My mouth, my body, you know?" "It was like I was inside me, you know." Nicolas knew that those small internal vibrations would be important to selling the physical memory of hearing loss, but capturing those borderline silent sounds was a challenge that would require some unconventional microphones. He's having trouble even communicating with me. I have a lot of different setups of microphones during the recording. It's a bit like a [Director of Photography], if he's shooting with different lens. And so everything is in sync, and I can move from one recording to another. And it's like changing the perspective, but just like with one single recording. Nicolas’ comparison between microphones and camera lenses is an astute one. Good DPs know how lenses change the perception of a scene. f you want to keep only one thing in focus, to really isolate that subject visually, a long telephoto lens is the tool to do the job. Conversely, to convey a lot of information in frame and in focus, only a wide angle lens will do. To create this kind of sound focus, like moving from immersive sound to super focus sound, or focus sound to very immersive sound, I have a lot of different setup of microphone during the recording. Sometime like 8 or 10 microphones- from very close up, very detail to larger. And to get these hyper-focused subjective frequences like the sound of Rueben’s jaw clicking... [Jaw Clicking] Nicolas used a variety of mics like those used to record sounds underwater, and he even used a type of mic that is used to find oil. For Nicolas, it was extremely important for him to record natural sounds. You would think those inside-the-body sounds, like the ringing tinnitus or the different kinds of white noise, would be heavily processed, but they’re not. They’re all natural, which was important to Nicolas who was using those sounds to evoke the viewers’ memories of physical experiences. If you're doing something clean like that, you, you're not referring to other films, but you are referring to the memory of the audience as a person in his own life. If you really build something, which is very naturalistic and very true, you understand [the sound] through a process with your brain- you analyze. It's like your body's like, "okay, this is right. I know that" It's a way to talk directly to the body. In this scene where Ruben gets his hearing tested, they did use conventional mics to get the scene’s dialogue. But to get frequencies like the diminished internal sound of Rueben’s own voice, the multiple versions of white noise, and the tinny sound of the doctor through the headphones, Nicolas used a variety of microphones. Can you hear me ok, volume-wise? I can hear you. One was an underwater microphone that Nicolas put in actor Riz Ahmed’s mouth because the perception of sound underwater is similar to how deaf people perceive a sound’s vibrations. When you lose your hearing, you get like a solid engine sound, which is moving in your tissue and in your bones. And the brain transforms that into sound. It's very similar when you are underwater, because when you are underwater, your ears don't work anymore. But you can feel the vibration on your body, and these vibrations are transmit to the cochlea, directly. The hydrophone wasn’t the only invasive mic Nicolas used to build his sound library. I did also a DIY stethoscope mic, and you can actually hear everything like the blood pressure. You can hear the heart. You can hear the movement of the tendons. It's really crazy. To get some of the frequencies he needed, Nicolas attached the Geofón to helmets and even preserved skulls It's a kind of microphone that records surface vibrations. It's used in the oil industry to find oil. They bring like huge, huge hammer. [It goes] boom, boom, boom, boom. And they put this this geophone and it records the echo. to record the muffled vibrations reflecting off those surfaces. And to get all these sounds in the can, Nicolas spent a lot of time recording with Ahmed to get the soundscape just right. At the end of the the day I kept Riz for two hours. And I [set him up with microphones]. And we did a lot of recording of him. Just bracing, moving his lips, smiling, speaking, bracing, and it became like a kind of very important sound library for us. And to be able to create something like a vocabulary, where you are able to go 100% inside of his body, and then [go] 100% outside. Nicolas went to great lengths to record authentic natural sounds that were designed to provoke the sensation of hearing loss, especially to people who’ve suffered from hearing problems. But creating the sound of the cochlear implants, took a wholly different approach. When [Rueben] gets his implants, it's something we've heard before in the film. It's something like [a] digital world. It's directly, electricity on the nerves. It's something very special. Darius and Nicolas did a ton of research on what cochlear implants would sound like. Here we go. [MUFFLED VOICE]: Can you hear me? Not only did they talk to audiologists who provided simulations, but they also reached out to Children of Deaf Adults about some of their experiences. I did some tests because there is some [Children of Deaf Adults] people, people which are born with hearing and then lost hearing. So even though they have lost hearing, they have a reference, a cultural reference of sound. So they are able, for some of the CODA who get cochlear implants, to describe how it sounds. To create the implant effect, Nicolas used audio editing software to separate sounds into different components. I felt like, okay, this is really interesting because the software has some limits. So for each sound, I separate all sound in these three components: noise, transient and harmonics. And then after I recomposed the sound. So when you try to reconstruct something, it's a bit like Frankenstein sound. So everything is a bit off, you know, and it's creative. But you can feel that it's, it's actually [a] voice. So it creates an uncanny valley feeling, you know. How about now? How's it sound? Um, bad. It... um... bad. That audio uncanny valley excels at delivering, first-hand, Ruben’s disappointment from his monkey paw wish for technology to restore his hearing. And as the hearing-abled, we completely understand Rueben’s dissatisfaction with the results. Not only did Ruben forego a community who accepted him for who he is, but what he got in return was a sense of sound that returned all the functionality of hearing, but none of the beauty. What’s so interesting about Sound of Metal’s sound design is how Nicolas approached creating the soundscape. Just like a director of photography, who is fully aware that their lenses can fundamentally change the way the audience perceives an event, Nicolas demonstrates that the same was true for microphones — which was the whole point of the film. It was not about doing good sound. It was about sound, and how you perceive it. There’s no better example of the sound design’s effect on perception than during Lou’s final song at her father’s party. [singing] Listening to the sweet hearing-abled sound of Lou’s singing as it crossfades — or to stick with the camera metaphors, rack focuses — to the harsh sound of Ruben’s implant uses the simple perception of sound to show what Ruben lost is never coming back and the only way to move forward is for him to leave it behind. [Distorted singing] There is something a bit special about this film you can experience. And there is a bit something like, which is not like fiction. It's a bit like, let's say if a reality creates a fiction, and this fiction is transformed back into reality.

  Top Comments:
  1. @edgarvillarreal4747 [72 likes]: When he says: “he gets back the functionality of hearing but not the beauty of sound” described it perfectly.
Such an amazing movie, and this video deserves more views!
  2. @pong86r [4 likes]: in my 'concert days' from 1997-2003 i never heard any talk about hearing loss or hearing protection at concerts. During an Anthrax show, i experienced hearing loss for the 1st and fortunately only time. Flash-forward to 2018 to my first metal concert in years at the Riot Room in KC, MO- Revocation & Rivers of Nihil: so many people were using and handing out ear plugs, it was truly a positive change for promoting ear safety
  3. @camarossdriver [3 likes]: I have Ménière’s disease. Basically it’s a thing that actually drives me close to insanity once in awhile. I have a ringing in my ears that gets so loud in my head that I feel like I’m trapped within my own body. I can’t escape the noise. My hearing goes away during my flare ups,and I really have to calm myself down so I don’t freak out because of the maddening tone...hiss...or ringing I hear. My wife used to take me to the emergency room just so I could get shot up with Demerol to calm me down. I’ll sometimes go a day or two without sleep. The only thing that lets me get away from all of this is taking multiple showers a day,or driving in a car with the windows down a little bit. I’m sort of getting used to it,but sometimes I just can’t and I feel like I’m going nuts. To anyone else out there with this...you are not alone. All I can say is be strong,and hang in there.
  4. @TheCreepypro [3 likes]: I didn't realize they went this far to show an experience like this I was going to see this but now I know I should do it sooner rather than later
  5. @jennivamp5 [2 likes]: As someone who lost their hearing in their early 20's I have mixed feelings about this film.
The sound design and the simulation of loosing one's hearing was incredible and really well done and should be commended. A lot of care and effort went into it and it really shows. 
But I feel the story telling left a little to be desired. For a movie that is this long I would have appreciated more exploration of Ruben's feelings and his relationships with the other people in the deaf community and fewer artsy middle distance gazing shots, as beautiful as they were.
  6. @pauljakeman [1 likes]: This was an awesome video and gave me some great ideas on how to record sounds differently. Thanks for this!
  7. @GROENAASMusic [1 likes]: As a musician, I'd be terrified if I lost my hearing. I feel so blessed to still have 100% hearing in both ears.
  8. @JakeRanney [1 likes]: His webcam mic sounded like the cochlear implants at the end of the movie
  9. @ywer7582 [1 likes]: This was my favorite aspect of the film. Its ability to put you in the shoes of someone losing their hearing, and the psychological impact that would have was mind blowing. As a piece of art, that's where the film really shined.
I found this video that goes into it in much better detail: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mGcnw0unLSc.
  10. @bestintheworld5968 [1 likes]: Bro I couldn't hear anything in the beginning and put up the sound to hear the guy talk I thought it was illusion LOL
  11. @TJMcDonough: I wasn’t the biggest fan of this film, but I can’t deny how this features some of the most chillingly masterful sound design I’ve ever heard in any movie. 

This movie soars when the sound immerses you into the character and how he perceives the horrifying aspect of losing your hearing. The way everything becomes muffled in different ways rocked me to my core. And when you watch the implant testing scene, it’s frustrating to watch because it’s not the outcome you’d expect.

And I’ll never forget that ending with those clanging bells and those muffled noises received by the implants, almost in a stressful manner before everything becomes silent. And it’s all because of the sound design.

I’m so happy that this film won the Oscar for Sound because it’s not a movie you’d regularly see win in this category, due to how unique and subtle it is compared to movies that win because they were the loudest movies of the year. That’s not to discredit the sound design of those movies at all, but I find inspired choices like this and The Zone of Interest, within this category, to be more satisfying and rewarding.
  12. @kilgary: This film was extremely respectful of the deaf community and extremely disrespectful of the CI community. The synopsis VO says it perfectly calling the CI a “monkey paw wish” to get back what he lost. I watched the movie about a month after getting a CI and it made me angry. The audiologist who activates him just tells him to “get used to it”. That’s not how it works at all. It takes multiple mapping procedures to fine tune sound - first once a month and later twice a year. 

Re-training your brain is also a long process. It takes weeks to months to re-learn how to understand speech. It takes months to years to re-train understanding music. You don’t just hear crap in year 1 and give up. You re-hab over and over again. I’m 16 months in and am just now able to differentiate piano keys, but I can hear guitar very well now. I’ll tell you one thing I heard from day 1 - bass and drums. A former drummer giving up on music after hearing again?  Not damn likely. Last, the audiologist doesn’t even give him a tuner to lower volume and sensitivity when he’s in crowds - so he freaks out over loud sounds. That audiologist should be taken to court for malpractice. 

The sound in the movie was skillfully crafted. The message of the movie was one sided and hurtful.  Not well thought out at all. The fact is, with time and effort, you can restore a lot of the beauty of sound with CIs. You’d never know it from watching this film.
  13. @suicideme: Amazing movie performance, not more
  14. @pong86r: man is that some inspiring research and filiming. truly worthy of our praise. thank you for explaining this and having him go through the processes they went through. originally i thought the movie was going to treat it flippantly- this changes everything
  15. @АннаНиколаевнаВершинина: Thanks! A great movie about making the sound of a movie!
  16. @paulisawesome10: This movie is my worste nightmare
  17. @bencaley6409: Eastenders did it first
  18. @edwardtran1974: Wish they featured real metal in the movie and not just noise
  19. @stefaneilenbrock2587: 🍻🤘
  20. @EastSideVic: Just finished watching this movie and while it is very good, I do think that a lot of things don’t really get explained like how Ruben lost his hearing in a matter of seconds, how much time he spent in the deaf community, if it was a short time how did he pick up on everything so quickly and if it was a long time why did his hair never grow any longer especially since it was shot chronologically, where he got the money to spend 4 weeks in a motel after barely being able to afford the surgery, or even to keep buying packs of cigarettes for that matter. Maybe I’m just being nit picky and in the grand scheme of the movie none of that stuff really matters too much but it does leave a little to be desired.

- How To ACTUALLY Target with Facebook Ads (Post-Andromeda Update): Kind: captions Language: en Today we are talking about targeting with meta ads. I've been running ads for over nine years now and at my agency we've managed over $600 million in ad spend and generated over $2 billion in revenue for my clients like Symbiotica where we are literally spending over $250,000 per day. And they are one of the fastest growing supplement brands on the internet. And yes, I did say $250,000 per day. Meta has changed their platform so much recently with the Adrona update and the way we market has completely changed. And it's made a lot of people wonder, do we even need to target anymore with meta ads? Do you need to go all broad? Interest targeting, lookalike targeting. You and I are going to answer those questions together. The answer to that question is yes. For most advertisers, keyword most. You still need to target. We're still using interest targeting and broad. And I see a lot of videos on this topic and no real clear answer. So, I'm going to clear the air up on this for everyone. You have two buckets of people. advertisers spending under 30k per month and advertisers spending more than 30k per month. This is what we call the transition period. And if you're spending under 30k per month, you need targeting. And here is why. You're essentially training this new meta model on what type of people to go after. And without targeting, your ad account doesn't have enough data on it to properly identify these people in the very beginning stages. Now, I don't want to confuse you, but there are instances where you can have a stellar product, an offer, and a ton of unique creative formats and be able to get away with little to no targeting and have only broad audiences in the early stages. So, now we're going to look at an ad account that is spending under 30K. This one has spent $8,800 in the last 30 days at a 5x return in ad spend, generating roughly $46,000 in purchases, all from this campaign setup. And this is a campaign setup that I recommend a lot of accounts start with, especially in the early stages. You still need to have an interest testing campaign. You'll take all of your best performing ads and you'll put them in here and you can dynamically adjust the budgets based off what is getting the highest return on ad spend. You'll still have single interest. A lot of people say this doesn't work still, but it definitely does. Especially when you're spinning lower budgets, you need to guide the algorithm in the right direction and give it audiences to test with. And you're also going to have a second campaign, which a lot of people don't talk about. It's your creative testing because most of you will experience where a lot of spin gets flushed to one creative and doesn't spend on the other. So, we're going to take totally new creative testing concepts and drop them in multiple interest audiences to be able to test those creatives. That way, we ensure we get spin towards those. And once they're proven, we're simply going to copy those ads and paste them into our scaling campaign. And eventually, we'll start to transition out of this structure. But this is definitely the structure you want to use in the early stages. you're still going to have a retargeting where you're retargeting your past website visitors, your Instagram engagers, your Facebook engagers. As you can see, it is very much so working extremely well. This allows us to build up all of the data we need, get to active, where we can eventually start to switch out of this and go into CBO and go more broad. But at this point in time, at these spin levels, you do not need to be going entirely broad that early. You definitely need to be doing your audience testing and lots of creative testing at these stages. Now, if you're spending over 30K per month and you're trying to manually target, you're pretty much just standing in your own way because at this point, the main thing you want to focus on here is creative and a ton of it. Now, here we are inside of an ad account that is spending over $30,000 per month. In the last 30 days, they've done about 40k in spend and they've generated $216,000 in sales at a 5.5x return in ad spend. And what you'll notice here is the budgets are now on the campaign level, not just the adset level. And the reason this matters is because at this point in scale, it's going to be much harder for you to be transitioning budgets between different interest audiences. Whenever you're on the CBO level, Meta at this point already knows who to target and can adjust your budget dynamically to get you the best rorowass. And not only that, but we really don't have any specific interest by this point. We're actually going broad because the algorithm is now trained up. And what you'll see inside of this campaign is product collections. So these are all just broad audiences. Whenever we look at this, this is an entirely open audience with no targeting. These are just broad audiences, but we're segmenting them by product. And you can see they're getting very consistent return in ad spend here. 5x, 8x, 6x, 7x rorowaz, and getting lots of purchases at much higher spin levels. And that is because Meta now knows who to go after. You've already guided it to this point. And you don't want to have a lot of overlap between your audiences. And by this point, you can essentially just spend a lot more with way less structure. And we can look at these other campaigns. They're just simply segmented by product line. If you do not have multiple product SKs, then you're just going to have, you know, really just broad audiences and advantage plus audiences at this point because it makes it much easier for Meta to really scale up. And you can just focus on the creative. So you're going to have, you know, 15 unique ad creative formats, whether they're review based, features, and benefit based UGC videos all plugged into each and every one of these broad audiences. and you're just going to be scaling on more of the campaign level at this point. Now, what is for both buckets of advertisers? This is an absolute must after the Andromeda update. We are going to target through our creative. Now, we're inside of an ad account. And what I mean by that is with this Adromeda update, really creatives is the key thing to all of this. And we're inside of an advantage plus campaign, which you can have an advantage plus on both sides. So, if you're under 30 or over 30K per month, you definitely want to have an advantage plus with at least 10 to 15 creatives. And inside of this, when we're talking about how we target through our creative, it really comes down to the totally unique ad creative formats, especially when we begin to scale up and you have lots of ad creatives in here, we want to start leveraging what we call a flexible ad format. And flexible is essentially where we take 10 creatives and put it inside of one ad. And this is best done when it's a specific creative format. So, in this case, it would be reviews. And we would have 10 review ads. As you can see here, these are all reviews. And we're essentially putting them inside of one ad, which makes it one unique ad format with 10 variations of the reviewbased creative. This allows Meta to rapidly test with this Adromeda update and be able to identify which one is working best. Also allows us to get creatives at scale. And so that way, Meta can dynamically plug in the creative based off the user's journey in terms of whenever they're most likely to buy. So you would have a flexible format with all of those creatives inside of it. And then you're going to have totally unique formats on each of these ads. So, as you can see, our next ad is a UGCbased video and they're talking about the product and demonstrating it. The next ad creative is going to be an us versus them. And the reason we do this is because every market appeals to different creative angles and also every buyer stage at which they're in, they might already be educated on your product, but they're not fully convinced. So, that's where the reviews come in. Or they might not know anything about your product. So that's where the education comes in or they know about it but don't know how to use it. That's where a product demo comes into play. So you want to have each of these unique creatives because once you start to go broad and have advantage plus or even interest, the creatives can do the targeting for you because Meta will now be able to know which ad creative to show to which pocket of audience to get them to convert. So we're going to have totally unique ad creatives in here. The three reasons why we have the UGC, we have too delicate to wear. And all of these are going to be getting spent and Meta is going to be showing them at the exact right time that we need them to, which is why this is performing so well where we spent literally $5,400 to make back $50,000 at a near 9x return on ad spend. So, it's very important that we have the right amount of creatives, make sure they're totally unique, and we're going to begin using flexible formats to increase the number of creatives we have at scale without having to manage 10 different review ads. We're going to consolidate those into one creative format. and have multiple flexibles along with all of our other creatives combined. Earlier in this video, I said most advertisers should target if you're a huge account and you're spending 500k to a million per month or like our client here, Symbiotica, spending $250,000 per day. All right, so just to recap the three buckets, if you are under 30K, you'll have an interest testing campaign where you're targeting multiple interest. You'll have a creative testing campaign where you're dropping in new creatives and you'll have a retargeting audience. If you're over 30K, you're going to be focusing on CBO with broad audiences. Now, for the third bucket, if you're spending well over $500,000 per month, you're strictly going to be focusing on Advantage Plus and broad audiences, and you're going to have a plethora of ad creatives where you're using flexible formats to be able to handle the volume at scale. So that way, Meta can do all the targeting for you and show the creatives in the right place at the right time. Running meta ads is easier than ever before. Now, for some reason, everyone online wants to make it sound so scary and confusing. It's really not as complicated as everyone makes it out to be. And the cool thing about this new update, you don't need a ton of crazy campaigns. You don't need all these complicated media buying tricks as long as you just adjust your account structure at the right stages of spin like we covered in this video. You'll be able to transition and scale to those 1K, 10K, and even 100K day spin levels. But you can't forget the most important part out of this entire update. This new system rewards highquality creative. Meta removed about 90% of the manual work for you. And Meta is literally going and finding the best customers for you with this new predictive modeling. And it's truly the only lever that moves rorowaz. Which is why I put together a full tutorial on how I do creative in this postromeda era. And you can find that here in this next video I picked out for you right here. I'll see you inside.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ChaseChappell [1 likes]: Scale your brand: https://calendly.com/d/cp3p-3s4-prg/1-on-1-ads-mastery-mentorship-30min-chase-chappell?utm_source=youtube
  2. @burakbozkurt51 [1 likes]: Teşekkürler.
  3. @KerestesTena: You putting this up for free is actually clutch - praise to you
  4. @Playveritas: So are funnels dead? Run sales campaigns? Do you have these retarget eachother so you can tell a story or do you just run sales campaign ads on more and more creative?
  5. @Phillip-n3q: A good lecture that will benefit all who have followed this excellent explanation.
  6. @Lowell-q4o: You putting this up for free is actually clutch - praise to you
  7. @stimulatedtv: Could you please explain one thing to me. When you have your audience in your testing interest campaign and the ads and audience is working you just copy the whole adset to the creative testing campaign?
  8. @DurwardRice-w6r: Clear and understandable, I wish there was more information like this.
  9. @MonicaValenzuela-v9x: Really clever explanation and no unnecessary verbiage! Respect! + subscription
  10. @Dilkajunun: Okay, but Facebook has just now (last ten days) killed all targeting possibilities apart from really broad ones. What can I do now? (I write novels and my ad spend is a few K per year.) I think, I have to switch to automatic targeting. Who can teach me how to do this right?
  11. @Emerson-j4l: No water, fast! Way to go.
  12. @Giuseppina-q1e: No water, fast! Way to go.
  13. @ashton_fitness: Amazing video Chase! 
Question: should I do purely interest testing or interest testing with advantage+?
  14. @marketmonster6055: if you are running ads for a roofer, hvac locally , broad or some type of intrest?
  15. @mystereo100: Hi Chase! 
Nice work, thank you!

If we have around 3-5k spend per month, the 4 campaigns method with: 
1. Creative testing ABO
2. MoF Retargeting ABO
3. Retargeting A+ Shopping CBO
4. Interests ABO

 will be ok ?
  16. @MegadutaShrivastav: Clear and understandable, I wish there was more information like this.
  17. @GovindaPanda: Appreciate the non-fluff straightforward approach. Was a great review for me. Thank you!
  18. @learning11-d3g: Chase! Appreciate this. so 30k a month CBO campaign setup. Are you doing adset budget mins?
  19. @MrSkeltonn: Please Reply ME, How did you create the ADS ?
  20. @yartarget: Спасибо за видео! Полезная информация

- Copy This Facebook Ads Strategy, It'll Blow Up Your Business (Post-Andromeda): Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I'm going to show you the exact Facebook ad strategy that doubled one of our clients revenue and grew another from sub $100,000 months to $150,000 months, both within 30 days. First, I'm going to show you exactly how we set up the campaign. Then, I'm going to walk you through how to structure your creatives and give you a proper testing framework. And to be honest, this is where most people mess up, and it's actually the most important part. And then, at the end, I'm going to give you five creative types that I've seen are absolutely killing it. in all of our clients ad accounts right now. And here's the thing, we're well aware of Meta's new Andromeda update. The way we structure all of our clients ad accounts has completely changed. The algorithm now craves so much more volume and creative diversity than ever before. So, the strategy that I'm about to show you is built specifically for Facebook ads in 2025, this Q4. And I know this because my company makes thousands of creatives for brands just like yours every single month. We're not just talking theory here. This is exactly what we do for our clients in the agency. So, let's jump onto my computer and get into it. All right. So, now that we're into my computer, I just want to let you know that this campaign is going to be a prospecting CBO. We're going to be using only broad audiences. And we're going to be excluding all existing customers. And how we're going to be doing this is structuring around creative batches, not individual ads. And the reason for that is because each new batch will go into a new learning phase, not the entire campaign itself. And the goal of this campaign is strictly to find new winners. So what we're going to do is start with the sales campaign. We're going to leave all of this alone and we're going to be doing a campaign budget. Like I said, this is a CBO. The next thing we're going to do is go to the ads set and we want to go here where we have show more controls. And then we're going to click on this right here that says exclude custom audiences. And then here you're going to need to go in and exclude your previous purchasers. And then each ad set is going to be batchbased. So, you can name these however you like, but you could do this maybe batch number one and then the next one batch number two, batch number three. And I know that that wasn't super in-depth, but that's the point, right? It's not supposed to be hard to run your ads. Just remember CBO, under each ad set, go in and exclude your customers. And then underneath each ad set, we're going to be having anywhere from 15 to 30 creatives. So, of those 15 to 30 creatives, we want to break them down like this. We want to have three different angles per customer profile. And of those, we want to have five different creative types. So, let's just say as an example, I run a sleep aid supplement company and my customer profile is people who want to improve their sleep. The first angle I could take is people who have trouble falling asleep. The second angle I could take is people who wake up over and over in the middle of the night. And the third pain point or angle that I could take is people who have poor sleep quality or wake up in the morning still feeling tired from the night before. And then underneath these angles, we could have, you know, founder le VSSL, us versus them creative, social proof and reviewbased creative, etc., etc. And then what we typically find when we structure our campaigns this way and when we structure our adsets this way is of these 15 creatives that we're testing, we have an extreme diversity of angles, but we also have an extreme diversity in the types of the creatives that we're doing. And this is perfect for Meta's new algorithm because let's say that in angle one only creative type one and two work. And in angle two, nothing works. And then in angle three, you only have one creative type that works. Now you know something and you can continue to create a ton of creative volume around these things that you know and understand while simultaneously still going in and testing many new angles just like this. And the reason that we like to test with the CBO and the campaign structure is extremely simple is because the CBO is unforgiving. It doesn't care what ad you think is going to work. You're giving each ad an equal opportunity to get spend in the campaign. So every single week, week over week, you're adding new winners into your ad account. After you launch your campaign, you're going to have 7 days to analyze performance. Essentially, you're just going to do three things. First, you're going to identify above target performers. So, of those 15 creatives that we launched, how many of them are above your target rorowaz or your target CPA or whatever KPI you're optimizing for? And then once you've identified your above target performers, there's really two different routes that you could take. You could graduate your winners into a scale campaign with a very similar setup, or you could just vertically scale your CBO and continue adding volume to this campaign. If you don't spend tons of money, 5, 10, $20,000 a day on Meta. I would say just keep it simple. Consolidate everything into one campaign. You don't need to over complicate things. But, you know, if you want to get fancy and you're a more experienced media buyer, um, you could throw together an ASC campaign and graduate your winners into that and vertically scale that one. And then third, and most important, you need to continue testing new concepts. So, now that you understand exactly how to structure your campaign, how to structure your adsets, and how you should be structuring your creative test, I'm going [music] to give you a few of my favorite types of creatives. And if you start testing with these and those five or six creatives per angle within those ad sets, I promise you are going to find winners. This is going to work like a charm. If you follow these exact creative types, so the first one is going to be problem solution ads. The idea behind this is that you're going to agitate a painoint and then [music] solve it. And this does work for both statics and VSSLs, but I already have a couple VSSLs on here. So, I would recommend doing these as statics if you're going to follow this video to an absolute tea. And the reason why this works is because people are buying solutions, not products. Come on, guys. It's 2025. A white background product shot is not going to cut it anymore. And I like this one as an example. This is actually a creative that we made because obviously if you've ever taken powdered creatine before, you know it's an awful experience. And this simple line of text right here absolutely hits home and nails on that emotion of how bad of an experience taking powdered creatine really is. And then obviously we provide the solution right there. The second creative type and guys I need you to listen to me for this one is founderled VSSLs. This says founder story VSSLs. Just take it as any VSSL with you as the founder. If you can properly speak to your ideal customer, if you are able to communicate with them effectively, you have to be making founder VSSLs, this is by far the best creative type to run. So you can run anything with a personal narrative from you why you built the company. Or you could even just run any creative that you already have some verified messaging from previous VSSLs or UGC scripts and you can absolutely just film that yourself. This is 100% the highest converting format for every new brand that we work with. And because it just comes off extremely authentic, you build tons of authority and connection with your audience. And this creative is probably the number one best creative that you can run because this works for way more than the KPIs that you're going to see in the ad account as well. This is just massive for your [music] brand. The next one, and this is my personal favorite because it's just really easy and it works extremely well, is going to be social proof ads. So, any reviews, any testimonials, any UGC review style content that you have, such lowhanging fruit, so easy to do. You can literally just do exactly what this one does. Take a review off your website, throw it on a picture with a product of yours, and this is just going to kill in the middle of your funnel. Everybody's been scammed on Meta. Nobody trusts any brand anymore. It's super easy to just get over the hump, have your customers trust you, and it's just going to do volumes for you in the middle of your funnel. So, the next one is us versus them ads. And I know guys, this is not rocket science here, but I do want to include it. If you have any problem solution product or if you have any innovative solution in your niche, this is just also super easy, lowhanging fruit. You can really play on people's fear or emotions like we did with this one. Everybody knows energy drinks have tons of fear about them. This is also a client creative. Um, everybody always talks about fake sugar, jitters and crashes, whatever. Super easy. I don't really need to get too into that one, but this is definitely another good type of creative. Another one that I really love, and I will preface this by saying this probably has the highest degree of difficulty, is prospecting VSSLs. want to keep these very story driven and with broad audience appeal. [music] And the goal of this is to take someone who's never heard about your brand and maybe never even heard about your product and turn them into a buyer. So, this is the old like OG format that we used to use. Obviously, I'm not going to say that formats are tried and true anymore when the real meta now is just absolute creative variation and tons of creative diversity. But if you don't already have a creative like this in your ad account, I would 100% recommend you try it. [music] First, start out with a very emotional and thoughtprovoking hook. Then get into storytelling. This is usually going to be, I don't know, 3 to 10 seconds long. This is going to be somewhere like 10 to 30 seconds long. And in the storytelling, again, you want to make it very personal, like a personal experience or something. And you don't need to necessarily reveal your product, but you can go into talking about the problems or things like that. Then you want to get into unique mechanism problem and unique mechanism solution. And I can scroll back up and use this creatine gummy for example again for this. So the unique mechanism problem in the creatine industry is obviously chalk. It tastes like bad. I don't want to say cuss words. Then the unique mechanism solution is obviously the gummy. So that's just an extremely simple, easy way for me to explain what that means. Essentially, it means all the other products in your niche, highlight what's bad about them, and then highlight the key differentiating factor between you and the other products. Then after that, these are super simple, just risk reversal and testimonials. Risk reversal is like, you know, 30-day money back guarantee or, you know, free shipping, free returns, something like that. And then also testimonials. The testimonial section is key and you want to try to address any objections in the testimonial section. So, for example, if people have like a big question about your product, you want to answer that in the testimonial section. Like maybe if you're in apparel or hat brand or whatever, how does the product fit? Things like that. In your testimonial, you could say, "Oh my gosh, it's the perfect fit." Blah blah blah. If you're in, you know, I don't know, some certain supplement company, if there's like a very key thing that a lot of customers have, like a key question that they have, you want to address that in the testimonial section. Because if you've gotten them all the way hooked, they listen to your entire story. They listen through all of this and all this. The last thing that could get them over the hump is speaking to their exact pain point. [music] And there are common pain points that you can find in Reddit threads, Amazon reviews, your own reviews, competitor analysis in their comment section. This is where you address all of those objections. And I said, like I said before, why this works is because it turns completely unaware scrollers into buyers. And again, I do want to preface that this is probably the highest degree of difficulty of all the creatives that I showed here, but when done correctly, one of these can pull six figures in spend, and we've created multiple of them that have done exactly that. The next one is going to be offerbased ads. I know that this is very simple, but also another thing that I want to point out is not just offer-based ads, but something that is removing price objections upfront. So, this is another client of ours. this is a fairly expensive product and an objection that we were having or a trend that we were seeing is as they came and saw the price the conversion rate on the website was really bad even though they'd done a lot of CRO um and the website was good. So what we did is we essentially started addressing price objections in the funnel. Um and these are middle of funnel creatives but what this did was we raised the conversion rate without doing any extra work on the website because people were aware that they could use um buy now pay later layer options on the website. So I hope that was valuable for you. If you made it to the end of the video comment 3D in the comments below. If you have any questions just leave them there. And remember a brief summary guys. We're going to run one CBO. For every ad set, we're going to put 15 to 30 creatives in there. [music] And then of those 15 creatives, we're going to do three angles. And then of those three angles, we're going to do five to six different types of creatives. So, the goal of setting up your campaign that way is again creative diversity because of the new Meta Andromeda update. And again, like I said, we do run a creative agency. So, if you don't want to do all this stuff yourself, just click the link below. There's a link to our website. There's like a 15 to 20 minute video on the website where I explain exactly how we do what we do. And there's also a bunch of case studies and testimonials there as well. So, hope you guys enjoyed it. Don't forget to subscribe and comment 3D in the comment section below.

  Top Comments:
  1. @jaredirobinson [10 likes]: My company helps DTC brands build creative pipelines & a profitable meta sales channel through FULLY DFY creative production & media buying.

If you are interested in learning more about what we do, click here: https://www.donglobalsolutions.com/home
  2. @ToneAudio.official [1 likes]: Why do you use fake comments bro? The only reason that i didn’t want to keep watching your video and didn’t trust when i saw those all fake comments!!
  3. @easyweb305: 3d
  4. @lumoborteidoku: 3D! 
I learned a lot here, and thanks for confirming my suspicions about founder-led ads
  5. @Back2Beautypro: Very detail and appreciated! ❤
  6. @jameskivuva6715: 3D
  7. @Onewayout77: I think there’s a mode now that ai can handle the budget by its self 😭on meta
  8. @jamesdavidmurphy1: 3d
  9. @JairaRoxas-f4i: Ver. 1
Hey ,
Quick question. Are you already working with a video editor right now?
If not, I’d love to help out and see if I can make things easier on your end.

If you want a slightly more casual one, here’s another option:
  10. @ChuckAshley-dw3vu: 3D
  11. @ryancmcleod: 3d
  12. @urushi9370: 3d!
  13. @moritzasche3060: Do I increase the spend of the CBO campaign when launching new Test batches?
  14. @moodychaplin: 3D. Thanks!
  15. @seank2793: Ughhh wish someone makes local ads version, same concept but definitely different
  16. @adriansthill380: 3D
  17. @ChikinCoopMusik: 3D
  18. @Mayank-ai-DS: Honestly, the exact funnel you sketched out is what I’ve been dialing in for several merch clients this year—every ad copy tweak from the lift to the clone stage was built on the same process. I’ve got the tools and data stack fed in, the budget’s already in place, and the only thing I constantly miss is a partner who can’t stop chasing the next creative win. If that feels like you, I'd love to see what we can amplify together. 🚀
  19. @krysttonjhonatan: Very nice video bro, congratulations for content, win +1 registered !
  20. @Leo_Seliger: 3D - absolutely love your content bro. Already learned so much from you🙏🏻🙏🏻

- How to Grow Your App in 2026 - UGC Ads Strategy: Kind: captions Language: en Then that's why streamers have been winning. >> That's why Speed is so successful. And I feel like it's my uncle because I I watch him for years and I think he's entertaining. >> This is one of the topics that interests me the most. The founders or even startups in the app world have no idea what they could be competing against. >> I there was a time I didn't have a smartphone for 10 months. I use my MacBook and I use a a brick phone. >> I think people get lost in the tactics like foundations goals. want to get to a place where you're spending five $10,000 a day profitably. How do you get there? What do you do >> on mobile app is different than an e-commerce because they are like running crazy campaigns. >> Volume is important but it's not the only metric like you need more >> and I actually learned from you how to write good hooks. I don't know if you remember >> your accent is hard >> bro. My accent is madera is the worst. >> I'm not used to that. I'm not used to that. >> No, I understand. I get you. No, but but you do it like Portuguese is good. You said your girlfriend is is a Brazilian. Oh, Brazil. >> Yeah, I had a lot of friends that were not speaking English a lot when I came here and because it was like co there was no tourism. So, I got friends with the local and they learned me Portuguese and I learned them English a bit and at one point we could communicate. >> No, how'd you go about meeting people in Lisbon? >> Just in the streets. >> Really? like you're just going out obviously like I mean >> yeah I was here alone in the beginning so I had >> that's crazy I was just >> I was riding BMX for many years so I was always >> part in the with with this scene and then I just meet people there and we became friends we were a lot of uh you know in Kaish the you know there's this big flat spot is this big uh plaza that's just a flat area like near next to the train station >> and I used to hang out there a lot and it was >> people go skating there as well. >> Yeah. Yeah. I was living in Airbnbs and we did some parties in in my house there back and then that way I got introduced and I'm still good friends with them until now. >> Yeah. Nice. So yeah like you you came in co you said is like 2020 at this point >> 21 20 roughly. >> What happened? What were you in Barcelona or Paris? You said >> no I I moved I left the house of my parents when I was like 20 and then I went to um Lisbon. No, I went to Barcelona for two weeks and I went to Lisbon and then COVID came and uh I I boo it's like a long story but I booked my flight back from Lisbon to Hamburg in the wrong month you know then I was forced to stay one more I could have booked another flight but I said okay then I'm going to stay one more month and in this one month I made like very good friends here and then I just say okay >> nice around >> yeah I I'm moving uh like I'm not um I'm not registered here so I'm moving around >> I get I I plan to go to Brazil in a bit and then come back and go to Germany and come back. I like to spend summer in Germany also because he I'm from Hamburg it's very beautiful when it's warm. Yeah. >> But now it's like in the winter it's a bit it's not too cozy, you know. >> I I think not only Germany but you have places in like Germany, Switzerland, you have um you have ne the Netherlands also where it's like >> it's [snorts] it's tough in the winter but then you know summertime is actually cool. You have the parks and everyone's are out and >> it's very pretty. My best friend is from Amsterdam and I was visiting him in December >> and was was still nice but I don't know I don't want to it's like hard every day gray sky very cold tough it's not good I I personally didn't like it so this was this one was a big difference man >> yeah tough how how many years did you live in Hamburg before moving first 20 >> yeah so your whole life and then you moved >> yeah like I kind of left the house of my parents like moved out like when I was 18 I finished high school and then I was working in the supermarket and then I was um taking the money I making from putting soup cans in the in the thing >> nice >> to pay ads and then it took like 14 months of making minus until I had my first green month and then >> okay so you know >> I could quit and then shortly after I had the first green month I started to travel and got stuck here kind of >> okay so talk to me walk me through a bit of that >> yeah does and I have a similar similar story but like doing like eight months of cold outreach trying to do something while I was doing Tik Toks to then land something but then you said 14 months you're like in the negative. >> Yeah. >> Were you working? >> Yeah. Yeah. I was working in supermarket. >> Okay. Okay. Well, was this back home? >> Yeah. In in Germany. >> Okay. >> It was like a student job. I made €450 a month and I was working with my partner and he was also making 450 a month and we were doing drop shipping back then and yeah we were just burning money but we were learning a lot making like trying to run launch a store not making it work launching a store not making it work and then one moment of another like we got a recommendation for a winning product from a friend because his store got set offline but the product was working very well and then we tested this product and it exploded like it was like really crazy overnight success that took 14 months, you know. >> Yeah. And I think with if you start in ecom or drop shipping, anything physical products, it's like gives you a very good foundation for marketing. >> Very good. Yeah. I I feel like right now I'm speaking a lot to my old ecom friends. I I went like every two three days I go on calls with ecom guys and I just learn a lot from them because they are so cracked at like uh media buying, ads, creatives, copywriting and I implement this angle into apps and it's it's working well. Why do you think though that is of like when you're doing ecom? >> Yeah, I think it's very simple explanation like imagine you you are at home and you cannot sleep because you have back pain, you know, and I give you a solution like and the result of the solution is that you don't have the back pain anymore. You you wouldn't care what the solution is, right? It can be an app that helps you to stretch like Bent is doing. they are like running crazy campaigns or there's this you know posture thing that you strap on and then you are like the end customer couldn't care less what is is it physical digital it's just about figuring out who is aware of the problem and not of the solution and then showing the in the right moment and building a purchase intent. Yeah. >> So it it really doesn't matter in the end of the day if it's physical or digital. >> Yeah. Do you find it's harder though to to like monetize or convert or just promote the physical product stores than it is the apps? >> No, I don't think it's a big difference in the end. Like if you run ads, you create copy and make people convert. Maybe digital is a bit more complex because the average order value in the beginning like the initial purchase is lower. You know, there's not a lot of like for example Reframe. I think they are optimizing against $100 yearly which is like they're killing it also with web to app um from looking at the outside but I think it's very similar you know. >> Yeah, >> you're good. You're good. >> But yeah, like e-commerce has higher um initial purchase but also I feel like there's higher CPM. So this is kind of >> I think it's more commoditized as well as a product. So because you have more competition as well. >> Yeah, for sure. >> But now you're the same thing is happening in the app world. >> Yeah. Yeah. I think it's going to become very different and I think a lot of e-commerce people are entering the app world. Um there's it's going a lot of ecom guys doing like instead of drop shipping like branded uh campaigns where it's like with a 3PL where they have an infrastructure of very quickly going from testing with drop shipping and then going into building their own branding. So they have the skill set of running ads and building brands and they just see the the potential on apps. There's no fulfillment anymore, but it's the same, right? You have a problem, you have a solution, and you build a brand around it. And then you try to get as many people that are problem aware, but on solution aware and just scale up with eggs. >> I was going to ask you I was going to ask you because >> I think many of the founders or even >> Yeah. If these people from the, you know, direct to consumer world come in to the app world, >> it's true. Uh, it's going to become more competitive for sure. Like I'm not going to be the one who like I'm not trying to like when I post on Twitter, I'm not trying to make too much ecom noise because I don't think it's going to be a good thing, but it's going to happen sooner now or later. I have like a lot of my ecom friends reaching now out and asking about the app stuff and I think it's going to become more competitive for sure. Like I I tweeted about this like um years ago like I said I wonder the day when launching apps is going to become as easy as building Shopify stores and this is kind of happening right now right so you see like you know Replet Ror you have all these now products where it makes makes it so easy and it's lowering the barrier of entry and I I was going to ask you as well about even big content creators big influencers I mean that h that wave happened in the e-commerce world where these people with audiences built something around like a brand like a clothing brand or like a >> 100% like in Germany there's a very very good case of um it's like two influencers Inscope and Tim Garel they have an app u let me remember what's the name I think m MGI you're going to figure out when you look for the app of them I think it's it's like three letters starting with an M and they're doing phenomenal it's like a fitness guy and a comedy guy that was also into fitness and they took a long time to develop this really good product. It's it's like a AI fitness coach that makes very personalized content in app and yeah they are doing very very well very high average revenue per user if you look on seno tower and this is happening over and over and over again in Germany there was another famous case of an app called save it where a a nice content creator I like his content his name is Dave he was making like a Fortnite you know Fortnite creator code right he made this for influencers in real life so you had a for a creator code for affiliate marketing basically and this blow up also overnight and a lot of people are using it. I don't know how they're doing now but in this launch phase they were they're doing very good. >> Yeah, I think there's a lot of these um ju just as a foundational concept the same thing is happening which is again it's becoming easier to build apps. So that means also that you know the the people that are coming into the app world um yeah are definitely going to bring some interesting competition. And I think that's something you know founders and what you know startups should be aware of that >> I think it's good for the consumer in the end because there's going to be less room for a bad product and the good product is going to win and it's not [cough] maybe as a founder is not the best if there's a lot more competition but then you just need to become better at product right it's the same with ecom back in the days like when we started we used just um that's like creative is something that you are very very good in right so you the how the it's not so acceptable anymore to have bad creatives like it was years ago, right? Years ago, it was a lot easier to go viral on Tik Tok with very very very different content. You know, you could post anything and it would get some views because the demand for content was a lot higher than the supply. I think it's I think it's still the case that the demand for content is higher than the supply, but it's it's going to shift a little bit, especially with AI and Sora and all of this stuff. I saw a guy I spoke to a guy and he made a good example where he was saying that the reason why there are so many split screen videos going viral of like reused clips where it's like I don't know Mr. is talking and in the second half it's a GTA video is a good example of how the supply for content is higher than demand. Like I catch myself sometimes re-watching the same clip that I saw already, but there's a GTA video in the second half. And this like I I brain rot, you know? I I doom scroll every day like two, three hours and I I don't care if I see the same video again, you know? >> I I think that's one one interesting concepts like I think people that start creating content think that they're creating content that people are going to be interested in like looking for. And what ends up happening is like you have Tik Tok and reals and shorts where it's like this is just you know kind of a a repository of you know consciousness. People are just scrolling. They don't even know why they're watching what they're watching. Like maybe you're watching the same video for the fifth time. >> It's like didn't matter. >> I I had this moment of um clarity where I realized like what am I doing here? When I was speaking to my friend, he was uh he's also working in the industry of content and I asked and I know he was watching a lot of Tik Tok himself and I asked him like name me your top three trending audios and we were sitting and we were thinking like what are but we were both doom scrolling a lot and we couldn't really name the top three ones which which was a bit scary you know we were supposed to know what is going on but we couldn't name them. was like are we that unconscious about it? You know, >> that's a bit what happens I think with scrolling. But but with content, I think one side of what's happening now in the app world is this is that the barrier of entry is just lower. So there's going to be a lot of people coming in. In fact, it's already happening. And then I think another side that's that's now one thing I want to to ask you is [snorts] on the organic and paid side that's also going to bring you know this thing of lowering the barrier of entry is also going to increase the complexity needed for distribution. So you're going to need better distribution. >> Yeah I think um you don't need better distribution in terms of media buying itself. Media buying was coming easier and easier and easier. Like when I think back of I don't know when 2019 18 it was we were doing stuff like very detailed interest stack of like single interest of very unsaturated audiences for like I never sold fake airports or some digital products or anything fake but there's this famous example where this guy was scaling fake airports very high and he was making single interest with stores like Walmart for example because Walmart is a place where people buy cheap alternatives um and the other people were scaling uh this product over interest like Apple, but he took Walmart and then he had this this audience that was converting on the product very well with this unsaturated interest, right? This was how media buying worked a few years ago with finding I I sold a product for like home modeling for example in the DIY space and I used interest I my grandma had like on her toilet this magazines where it was like about home improvement and gardening and we put literally the names of the magazine as interest in Germany in and they were printing because it was very unsaturated audience that you reach through the interest stack. Uh but nowadays this doesn't work anymore. It's not so complex to run the campaigns. You know how to scale, you know, how to downscale and the stuff. But it's not about the campaign structure anymore. It's only creative. Especially that Andromeda came out like two, three months ago. It doesn't matter too much. A bad campaign structure and good creatives will 1 million% outrun a good campaign structure and bad creatives. I would even say like the campaign structure is not that relevant, you know. >> And I think yeah, what you said makes sense. Just became easier also. I mean Meta and Tik Tok, they've all worked very hard to make it as easy as possible to to have, you know, companies and people spend money there. But yeah, on the other side, it's like I I do think the complexity for distribution is increasing, meaning like the system and the the quality quality meaning, you know, how effective the creative is and I think for that you need more volume. How are you seeing campaigns now? Like what's happening in the the ads world? >> Yeah, a lot more volume for sure. like you there's a tool there where you can see a graph of the I forgot the name of the tool but there's a you can see how many ads are launched like I think weekly or daily and all the big brands if you go in the ad library you're going to see like a very big curve going up because it's just volume is key you need to have a lot more creative nowadays than than uh back in the days you know it's just it's different the volume game and you need to be careful also with volume >> because Um, you need to find the perfect sweet spot between high output and high quality and not make too much volume and then let the quality suffer. >> Mhm. Yeah. No, I agree. Tell me so Mark may maybe now like just you know from to give a bit of context walk me through a bit of what you're doing. What are you doing right now? I know you know >> uh like I'm running ads for apps like I'm going to tell you how I you know some insights some go to market strategies and stuff. So I I don't think it's so good to drop the names because it's going to eventually come negatively back to me, you know. >> Yeah. No, you're good. But in terms of >> what what I'm doing on a on a day-to-day is I write copy that is going to be used from creators to I'm going to I I I do the market research. I write copy. I lead the creators and then I take the content and either I give it an editor to turn it into something better or I directly launch it in the ads manager and then I take care of this band being uh used in the most meaningful way. So eventually like my job is kind of a creative director more than uh purely media buying itself. >> How many brands are you working with just overall do you know? >> Yeah, I have I have two campaigns right now. >> Okay, nice. Yeah, I I like to I used to have be more spread around, but I think that's not a good idea. I prefer I learned the hard way that like a boutique approach is one million% better than making something here, something there, something here. It's just not going to work out. >> I mean, you've done great campaigns like Yeah, your track record doesn't lie there. So, from the last time we spoke, I think we spoke when, a year and a half, two years ago. >> No, I I think our our podcast was half a year ago. the first episode. >> I think there was more. >> Really? >> I think there's like because I was looking on YouTube um and I think it was like >> maybe a year and a half more. >> Maybe you're right. Yeah. I mean, yeah. Insane. I was going to ask you from there till now. >> Um how much has changed like especially >> so I can say what changed the what I said back then? I think everything is true. But what is more more and more important even like especially with Andromeda coming in from matter the update like to make it very short Andromeda was basically they exchange kind of the brain from matter and they are working I think with Nvidia to have like a new algorithm that leverages AI better to do a lot more um yeah analyzing the creatives if I'm wrong you know >> so so the algorithm on the ads is is more centered on AI >> yeah yeah it's more centered towards AI and the AI is getting better like one and a half years ago to now you can you know that the AI is changing a lot it's growing super quick and so the algorithm is and now more than ever creatives are the most important thing you know the AI gets better at reading the creatives and then throwing it the right audience so you can imagine um something that I like to do is I actually learned from you how to write good hooks I don't know if you remember but you did like you did like a consulting for me once where you were teaching me like this foreshadowing hook starting with what you mean and I tried this and it worked pretty well >> nice man I didn't know bro >> yeah you Uh we were after >> slideshows I think was crazy >> but I applied this copyrightiting structure um also in video ads where it was like foreshadowing it was you told me this hook um what do you mean um my boy I need to work 30 hours a week while my boyfriend pays rent for both of us doing this you know this was like a very good hook structure because it was problem solution but for the ring so it builds retention and I applied this and it working well. Yeah, I think talking head if you have if the creator is good telling a story that works very well. >> Yeah. Yeah, that works very well. And then comparing combining this with a good editor also that can like leverage the visual thing. I think editors and creators are equally important. So I I work now with a Brazilian guys. Shout outs to him if you see this. He's very nice guy. Um and yeah, it's it's just when you have content. I I worked I consulted my friend one day and he had very good content and for example the one video went viral and the other didn't and I said like try to re-edit all of the content make a coll like a montage out of it kind of then he went viral over and over multiple times again with the same content so you can just leverage a good editor um can leverage the content library that you have in such a amazing way also with AI voiceovers I feel like the best AI voiceovers are like clones of voices and not the not 11 Labs choosing a character, but going in cloning a specific voice of a creator and then you can take the the content that you have and cut it, edit it in multiple ways and turn it into a whole different creative without needing a creator just by leveraging AI through voice cloning and then editors through telling a different story and then you can test a lot more creatives in a very short period of time. >> I think a lot of people were talking about just to go back on the Andromeda update. >> Yeah. And like anything, I think you see some people on one side saying, "Hey, this is not that big of a deal. This not changing that much." And people on the other side saying, "Hey, this is a complete game changer." And I don't know if it's one or the other or someone somewhere in the middle. >> I think it depends a little bit on what your viewpoint is, right? if you were like I wouldn't focus too much on what changed or how it changed but it's just the fact that the creative is more important than ever and you need a higher priority of creatives coming in so and if you had like what is very popular is like one one campaign so you have like one big CBO where all the creatives coming in and then you uh just let this run you know I I wouldn't complicate it I saw many big ad accounts where we have just one single campaign you know one CBO and this is the go to market I I spoke with my e-commerce friends and they all said to me the same like one big CBO and there you pump in creative >> what CBO >> a campaign budget optimization >> oh yeah >> so you have the you can either have it on the adset uh or on the campaign on the adset it's better if you like this this is also you know preference but either you test in a CBO directly but often creatives don't get a lot of spend in there especially when you launch new creatives then one party says they don't deserve And if they don't deserve, you know, don't worry about it. And on the other side, sometimes it's like a mistake. I learned this also from a big big media buyer. He said to me like 20 times like stop being emotionally attached to the content that you create. Like you want to produce more profits for the campaigns that you're working on. So, you know, stop um being upset that your favorite creatives don't work. Sometimes I still like if I launch it in the CBO for example and I see that a certain creative doesn't get spent and I have intuition that it works. I like to test it on the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] because there you can give it better a dedicated budget for a specific uh adset. You can also give dedicated budget on the ads in the CBO but then it's more the whole um batch rather than one specific one. >> What you said there is great the being emotionally attached to creative that same thing happens with organic. >> Yeah. You wouldn't imagine like the time the amount of times we have to put that point across. I've never thought about it like that, but I think this is a great way like being emotionally attached to an idea to a creative to someone >> because we I met someone who was spending multiple six figures a month in ads and their best performing creative was a fade in meme. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Man, I saw this. There's this there are some fitness apps that are killing it right now with fade in memes. I >> Liftoff is one of them. >> Yeah. Yeah. Liftoff. I saw Liftoff had some very nice fade in meme creatives. They're doing great there. >> They were crushing with organic as well with with Yeah. like faceless style. >> Yeah. Nice. I um w with this I I was consulting a guy the other day and he was launching 30 creatives and 29 were videos and one was a >> static. >> Yeah. one was a static and the static took all the budget [laughter] you know and it in the end like who cares the static was the thing that converted the like it was crazy difference like the the campaign is very fresh so I was look checking the top of funnel metrics in the first day and it was like I don't know 80 cent compared to 5-centent cost per click like very very very big difference >> yeah so >> yeah I think one thing there this is probably a more out of the box insight, but I think that on one side, people are very attached to what creatives they want to do and the kind of structure they envision for a given campaign, whether it isn't paid or organic. >> And I think I think provided that they they have done the work to hire the right person, they would be much better off to just not touch anything related to creative. But then there's the whole risk of nine out of 10 times they don't hire the right person. It's very tough to get the right person. So like the risk-to-reward ratio is something that's tough there. >> Yeah. Finding the right creator is a is very hard. You know, you need to what I like to do is um and you just get a bunch and one of them is going to work like one out of 10 maybe and then you just keep taking the one that is working and it's you working a lot more than me with real people and creators. So you probably know that it's not only about the delivery of the content itself but also the surrounding right how fast do they answer are they reliable >> 100%. We have superstars in content you know everything that they touch is gold but we can put them on campaigns just unreliable. >> But one thing I want to ask you this is my most selfish question. >> I want so so I have a lot of cases where we get we [snorts] have a campaign going viral right going super viral. some of them going insane. Now the thing that happens most of the time is a lot of the time you get the kind of conversion gets almost saturated. So the conversion rate goes really down like after you get to a certain point of certain level of views and I always have to have almost this conversation with with people we're working with about you know convincing them into going into spark ads just saying hey guys look like >> you need to do it I want to hear you out we've talked about this in detail last time I want to hear you out and where you stand right now about >> imagine you're someone who's crushing it organically >> why spark ads why not like or or even meta like has taken it to to add. >> Yeah. I feel like um what is the risk reward? You were speaking risk what before. Like what are we speaking about here, right? Is if you can add I don't know 50k MMR on an organic campaign to a client and you take $1,000 in testimon the whole the performance of the campaign. Do you think a client would be worth losing $1,000 to maybe hitting this gold mine? It's [clears throat] >> I don't know. I feel like if you really think there's potential and the client doesn't see it, take your take your own money and you know say to them we can run a small test and then make a datadriven decision and you will never know if it works or not. Like me looking at the creative is kind of it's not worthless but I don't get anything from saying this could work. I rather spend $5 $10 on an ad and have data and then can make a data driven decision than than guessing as is, you know, could it work? And so for you and the campaigns that you're working on and the clients that don't necessarily want to launch ads, you need to try to figure out why >> force them say, "Hey guys, I'm sorry. I'm going to put my own budget here." [laughter] >> Yeah. Yeah. I mean, you know, if you if you could get very very good data on a low budget, there is no real >> risk. Yeah. What? But touching on that, why do you think because we know so so if you get if if you're crushing it organically, most likely you'll crush it on paid. >> Why do you think that is? >> Because the video like first things first there is not a guarantee, right? And I often see I had like a campaigns where I had a video with 5 million views and I tested it against one with two with 200 views and the 200 one was ripping. It was printing on paper but just not organic and the 5 million was absolutely not converting. So there's no guarantee. However, if a video can get conversions organically, it means two things. Number one, it has retention because otherwise it wouldn't go viral. And number two, uh it it is product focused. Like if you have a video that goes viral, especially with like the the hook, like the hook demo, but without the demo and it's just selling in the comments, I don't think this is working very well on ads. Like I never >> I never used that. But if you have hook demo and the video has retention and is converting. >> Yeah. Yeah. It's a no-brainer. >> Especially like imagine I I post this piece of content. This video gets 2 million um 2 million views and 4,000 installs and I assume from this 4,000 installs you should make uh you know some money. Like let's say the app is not super conversion um rate optimized and you make a few hundred bucks. Why you don't take 50 and just put it into ads? You know like you if you if you feel like think of like trading you you would you you're like so much like you are so high and you can set like a very very high stop loss. So like what do you do? You you go viral with a video take 10% and throw it into ads. Yeah. >> Like how greedy can you be to not be willing to risk 10% of the money that you made through this creative to maybe double your profits. You know >> let's imagine let's imagine Mark you're not like okay you're going viral but let's imagine it's not converting. Yeah, >> but but you have good creatives, but it's just not yet converting, but you hit, you know, a few videos that are way above threshold. Do you still test them on paid? Do you think it's worthless because they don't have the conversion mechanism? Because I know you can do like direct install campaigns. >> Yeah, I would. It depends, but I would probably go direct to purchase and not even test install because it depends what you want, right? If you are >> No, it's ultimately >> if you want profits, go to purchase directly. If you have like let's say 500 creatives, I would maybe test on install first and then take the top top top creatives into purchase just because you get a more reliable like running five I don't know it depends a little bit on the case scenario right uh however what was the question again? >> No. Yeah. If you're not converting, if you have like you were saying, hey, if you have a hook and demo, >> okay, if if you have a creative that is going viral but not converting, I would say kind of the same answer as if it would be converting. >> Put it on ads and look at the data. You know, you can make very like I I learned the hard way that me um trying to trying to predict what is working is most of the case wrong and it's kind of worthless. Like if I have a campaign or like if like if I would work with you for example on a campaign and you tell me hey Mark there's this app we made 500 videos and uh 10 went over a million views for example I would say to you that we should probably test all of them on ads you know and then let's let look at the data and see what is working. So if it's converting or if it doesn't convert I would say in both case let's test it on ads. >> Yeah Mark and this is where I this is where I think a lot of people will get value. So the the I agree 200%. Now my other question we get a lot and I I just wanted on record here for everyone to see how much do you need? Let's say let's say you have >> you have a few videos going viral. Say they're not going super viral like a 200k views. >> And how much realistically do you need to to know to have data to have enough data to know hey this is worth it? >> Yeah. So um you there's three stages I would say. Number one is that you launch an ad and it looks horrible. Number two is it performs mid and number three it's performing well. If your goal is for example a $1 CPI and you test it and you see a 10% clickthrough rate and a $1 cost per click, you can kill it after 24 hours. It's just not going to perform. you know, if it's performing mid and you say you have a CPI goal of, for example, uh $1 and is is at um is at I don't know, it's a bit over it and the clickthrough rate is at like 0.7%, you can let it one three or three four days and then make a decision and if it's if it's working, if it's printing and the top of funnel data looks promising, you anyway, it's not going to turn it off, right? So you can use like low budgets to get an estimate and then let it run for a day or two and just look at the data and then make this three decisions. If it's bad, kill it. You know, the optimization is not going to happen just from volume of budget. If it's a bad creative, it's a bad creative. If it's performing mid, let it run a little bit longer. And if it's performing well anyways, don't kill it. >> Yeah. Okay. There's a few things and pretend I know nothing about this. The first is do do you adjust how much budget you put in depending on how many creatives you have? >> Not really. Um, I I like to test on like I saw this post um yesterday from one of the guys from Reflectly and he said that they were testing hundreds of creators with um with like5 to$10 per per adset and you know in the in the end of the day low money budget is going to give you a realistic introduction of how the creative will perform. You know, >> I think last time we were talking about something. I don't remember how much it was. I think it was around the $500 mark to like properly test and get some data back. >> If you have if you have a volume of creatives. Yes. So, but you know, right now I launch a batch of creatives in [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and it's maybe um per adset 5 10 15 creatives and then I let them run on like around $100 per day and then if it's if it's good, you can also do less. You can do 50 theoretically. I wouldn't a whole group >> across like five to 15 creatives roughly. You can do like $50 $100 let it run one to three days and then look at the data you know and you can make a small budget decision of and see and then if it's performing I have normally what I do and this is you know what I do some people have only CBOS I like to have a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to test and then I graduate them into the CBO and the scaling campaign. So you can let them run from like $50 to $150 5 to 10 creatives one to three days and if the performance is good I take them and I take the post ID and I graduate them into the CBO that is scaling and it is on whatever you are comfortable with you know for some it's $1,000 a day for other it's 50,000 a day what I don't know you know it depends a bit on the time of the year the app the season whatever it might be but I like to have a graduation phase because you don't >> realistically the bad creators anyway is not going to get spent but if you have a high frequency See, I would I just like to throw the the winning ones into the CBO. But I also have friends that don't do this. They throw everything in the CBO. Also, on mobile apps is different than an e-commerce because um if I'm correct, you can have only I think um five five adsets per campaign in the CBO and in e-commerce you can have unlimited. So it makes even more sense in ads in ads to first test on a on a lower budget [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] campaign and then graduate them into the CBO because yeah there's just a limit bit. >> Okay. And now this is where it gets interesting. So we have creatives that are working. We put a bit of budget behind them. Then we have the data that basically segments them into bad, average or mid and good. Right? what is the data like I'm sure there like three or four indicators that are the indicators >> the the KPI is completely based on your product you know the best KPI is going to be pure performance so if you but you can look at other KPIs like clickthrough rate or hook rate or cost per click or CPM but I like to look um you know at the cuck so if I have a average revenue per paying user of $30 and my cuck is at $30 I I don't know even at break even maybe I would put it in the scaling campaign but if we are sitting at $50 cost per purchase I I wouldn't necessarily put it in the scaling campaign to be honest if it gets some purchases in the initial test rates are normally graduated and put into the scaling campaign but if you spend for example >> you have a batch of creatives okay imagine you have a you have a adset with 10 creatives in there you spend over the over a period of three days you spend let's say €200 euro and or dollar and you make zero purchase I I wouldn't graduate them into the scaling campaign you know so the KPI if it's good or bad should be um yeah in the in the initial testing phase it should be if there is some indicator of revenue however in the CBO in the scaling CBO it's also different because there I look on I don't really turn creatives on or off in the scaling CBO because there's just going to be the case where sometimes meta is going to show your creative to a certain people and they not going to convert on this creative but on the other one. So they are like working in a team and it's going to look like this one creative is not working but meta gives it budget and the other one is ripping. I would not turn off the creative that gets spent without conversions because it's probably supporting the other creatives and the algorithm like become very good at not giving budget to creatives that are not working. For example, I have uh I had one campaign where where it was spending like1 to $200 a day on a certain creative and it was not converting at all, but the other ones were converting very well. I turned this one off and the others had a negative impact on it, you know. So, I don't really turn them off and on in the CBO, but in testing it's different, you know. >> I think Yeah, I think so. Essentially, what I'm hearing as someone who knows very little on the ad side is essentially if you're doing any type of optimization, yeah, don't mess with it because the algorithm knows what it's doing better than you. And on the other side, >> I think from what I'm g getting, and correct me if I'm wrong, it seems like it's almost like a hierarchy or an order of of KPIs. So, for example, you can have a horrible CPM, but if your CAC is still good compared to your average revenue per user, that can scale. >> Yeah, 100%. Like what? Like I don't care to like the other day I I spoke with somebody and he asked me he really wanted to know from me the the KPI for the CPI and I like I was working the whole I was working 10 hours on a campaign, writing copy, um reading scripts and I did not know what was the CPI on this campaign because I really don't care. I don't really look at how much are we paying per user because I know at in the end the bottom of the funnel it was working very well. So you know what I I don't really get something from looking too much at the top of funnel data like I look at money in money out and not really too much what is happening. I don't know what is the average CPM or the like of course I know it's between three and $6 very often apps and the cost per click is normally anywhere between I don't know even 10 to 50 cent let's say and the CTR is maybe a good CTR is 3% and a bad one is 0.5% but in the end if I if I pay 60 cent for a click and I have a $7 CPM and I have a 0.1 clickthrough rate and I have a a cuck for $10. What do I care about? >> I'm laughing because I saw this meme. I think it was Owen that told me I was speaking to Owen the other day and he was telling me, "Yeah, I think we've gone through this stage where like not I'm not quoting him verbatim, but but essentially like the Chad marketer nowadays just like [laughter] volume, money in, money out. That's it. It's like that's essentially it." >> Yeah, it's true because you know the everything else is noise. >> Yeah. Yeah. You can make a nice screenshot of here's my top of funnel and data but what do you get from doing this you know? >> No I agree Mark. Okay let let me ask you another thing on this topic because I think this is interesting. >> How do you define what to do when you have which platforms to bet on. So let me let me rephrase this. Well, um obviously and again this is a selfish question but obviously like you have all these apps now doing UGC especially like more the bootstrapped apps even some >> enterprise now starting doing UGC I think I saw >> uh the Northace which is physical and I you know I have some jackets I love it but [laughter] >> they're doing UGC. Yeah. So like anyway all these people now doing UGC. So most of this kind of consumer consciousness is on Tik Tok. >> How do you decide how much budget you put on Spark versus Meta for example? >> Data. You just test both. >> Yeah. You just test both and see what is working better. It's you you I would you know if you ask me what I would prefer, I would say test both. And after some tests, you know, if you if you test both, you're going to know and you're going to look at the data and you're going to see, oh, this is working better or this is working better. It's the same this is the same as if you you need to detach from it. Kind of the same with when you test creatives. You know, you you test 100 creatives and 10 of them work and then you produce more than the 10 that is working. It's the same with Matter and uh Meta and Tik Tok. You test both and for some apps matter is going to work, for some Tik Tok is going to work. Test both, see where you're making better money and then scale that one. I know you speak to a lot of very good marketers. Um, and yourself, you're a very good marketer. [laughter] >> Thank you. >> Don't you find that the more experienced the person is, the the kind of less direct answers they have for like questions like this? >> It's because you can never know, you know, you you just need to test it and make a datadriven decision. I feel like the more there's like something there's this graph, I don't know how the name was, but the meme you're talking about. >> It's like you you get this confident, you learn something new and you get confident, you think you're an expert, super technical >> and then all of a sudden you realize the more you know, you realize the less you know and then you break down and then you get humbled. And I got humbled very hard because I was only running matter for like years. Then Tik Tok came out and I had problems with matter. So I was like ah I go away from matter. I only focused on Tik Tok. And then I went back to matter and I realized, oh my god, like I was, you know, so arrogant of not utilizing matter more because if I would have stayed from from with matter and leverage Tik Tok, I would have have so much more experience, revenue, knowledge just because I I make this decision of not like being emotionally attached because I you know I I felt I had a hard time with matter and I said I go away but if I would have stayed I would have been better now. So don't don't do this mistake of being emotionally attached and trying to only leverage one. Do both. Look at the data, make datadriven decisions. >> Yeah. I I have two questions for you. So not maybe one insight to piggyback on what you just said, which is I fully agree and I think you can't really if you've been around long enough, you cannot really give direct answers because you've seen so much in such polar opposites. Yeah. >> Of of the the sphere because it's just like you can't predict it. We've seen at some point we're considering we post on all platforms organically and it's the whole thing about being a system and at one point we're like Tik Tok's just crushing every campaign and like the other platforms like take so long >> and we're like okay man let's just you know cut the other platforms >> and then we never did that we just continued and now like bro I swear you never know which platform is going to be the kind of champion before I give an app, you see Snapchat pulling like millions of views for like random social apps. I'm like, yo, what is happening? So that's that's the answer. The question I had for you is >> I have one question there for you. YouTube is doing well for you now, right? >> Insane. >> insane shorts. >> Yeah, YouTube shorts. It's crazy. >> And I don't know why. I have a theory. I think it's I think what's been happening is when Tik Tok came out for the first time ever, you saw this thing where anyone without an audience could go and gather, you know, millions of impressions, a lot of attention without having an audience. So it was the first time ever we saw a shift from a spokesperson like someone speaking to an audience to like the audience almost speaking to itself. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> Right. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. >> So that's the first thing I think changed and then I think because of that the natural consequence was regular people everyday people like me and you started thinking oh I can make content. >> I don't need to be an influencer that takes pretty pictures. I can just make content. and they went on the platform, they made content and that gave Tik Tok a huge edge because everyone is going on Tik Tok and the best content wins, not the biggest page. >> Yeah. And >> that's insane because what that means is like we were saying with more competition even for the app side, same thing on Tik Tok with more competition on the content side, it's much better for the user because the best content wins. Yeah. >> So your for you page is much much better. Yeah. Everyone knows. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So I think from there all the other platforms started seeing that and like Tik Tok just ripped when it came to new user acquisition and they're like okay we need to do the same. >> So now it's been this kind of you know um >> Twitter is even going there now with short content going very viral >> and I think every every platform is going to go there >> um because I think and I think it's going to shift after but I think I think it's just a natural way of consumption for us. >> What do you think is going to happen? You are like super deep in the short form game, right? >> Too deep. >> Too deep. What What happens after short form content? Are we going to go to one second videos and then or like what is going to happen after? >> That's a great question. I think I don't know. And by the way, like you know, as this thing grows as well, I know in in a few months people are going to be clipping the saying we change our minds. So we can but I do change my mind quite often because everything is happening at the same time. What I think will happen is, and I told this to Owen as well last time we spoke, what I think will happen is right now you have this short form content and the whole thing around it is one people want to know the message quick. They want to get to the conclusion fast, right? And two, even on entertainment, they also want to get to the point quick. It's like, okay, who can give me the quickest best dopamine, >> And I think we're going to get to the extreme of that, which is the clipping. So recycling the same content over and over and over. And then with AI generated, it's going to become easier and better as well. >> So I think from there two things happen. One is like whoever is the most human or can prove they're human wins, right? Because you want to hear from other people. >> And and the second thing is because of that, I think >> long form live interactive content wins. >> Because it's the most human. If you think about it, it's like You can't edit a stream, a live stream like you're not editing like you're just raw and and that's the like if you go to the extreme of what um people will want in terms of human interaction that's it. They want to see other humans start like that. That's why streamers have been winning my opinion. >> That's why Speed is so successful, right? He's touring the world and everywhere he goes there is like crazy crowds of hundreds and thousands of people coming into him because it's it's real and it's real people. like we we socially >> we're deprived more deprived than we were I think because of social media and we're on our phones and >> all of that. >> So I think that's one thing and then the second thing is like people connect people almost feel like they know him. >> Because so much contact on on on socials. Like if you watch one of these streams how long are they? Like four or six hours some >> more. I I don't know. I don't watch >> you almost create a relationship with these guys 1 million%. I watch this guy, this German YouTuber, Montana Black, and I watch him since I'm 13, 14, and I feel like I know him, you know? It feels like I know this guy. He's also from like around Hamburg. And I feel like he's my uncle because I watch him for years and I think he's entertaining and you know, it's it's crazy. I think uh something that that you spoke like about when that we too much found something interesting. You know that there was the blackout last year in Portugal and Spain. Man, this was crazy because first it was panic for like two, three hours because nothing worked anymore. But then there was this moment where everybody start to go outside and there was like everybody was socializing because no internet, no connection. Everybody needed to know what is going on. So this was it was a really nice experience because all of a sudden it was gone. No more doom scrolling. You know, >> this is one of the things one of the topics that interests me the most. Give me one second. Let me just get water. I also need one. >> So good. >> I was saying this is one of the topics that interests me the most. Uh because I think a lot of the digital solutions and the brands we're going to see as we're seeing already are brands that solve that problem. the problem of let's get out of social media, let's block our phone, let's do this. What do you think about that? >> I think that's amazing. I think there's a lot of good products out there and I think there's going to be more in the future because the given you know this people going to go to I there was a time I didn't have a MacBook and I use a a brick phone like a trap like a trap phone. >> That's crazy. the Okay, my co-ounder was talking about us buying. >> Yeah, the brick. >> I did it. Not not brick. Not the I like a trap phone where you had >> I know what you're saying. I know what you're saying. I just remembered the break. >> Yeah, this is uh this was a good experience. You know, >> I was going to ask you something and I just remembered this >> because of what you were saying about campaigns. So, there's a lot happening in the ad world. There's a lot happening in the organic world. I think people get lost in the tactics. I think people get lost in the what's the new hack, the new trick and they forget the big picture of hey you know this is it this is like foundations goals that's the only two things that matter. Now I want to ask you are you seeing a correlation any correlation with volume and performance like are the campaigns that produce the most volume the campaigns that end up performing the best or is that unrelated? I think speaking of volume in ads, it comes about creating good creatives and you know if you realistically I spoke to this guy uh last week and we found a winning a winning ad in his account and he said like I'm going to make a 100 uh creatives like this and I said to him like if you're going to do a 100 creatives I guarantee like he said like oh the next days I want to reproduce this creative 100 times and I said like don't do it because realistically You're not going to be able to have a high quality if you have 100 creatives. So volume means how many good creatives can you produce? And if you create only volume in terms of creatives, the chance that you're not going to make good ones is there, you >> So >> I just want to play devil's advocate. So what do do you not think that for example by doing volume you inevitably end up with more good ones? I feel like um in the current state of like currently I do a bit more matter so I can speak better about matter on matter ads it's uh micro changes doesn't work so much anymore like just exchanging the the hook copy itself it does work but like let's say you test um I would prefer rather than have 100 hook variations I rather have um 10 new creatives and then have one different persona targeted in each creative but therefore I need to write 10 completely different copies. I need to do 10 different ICPS. I need to go into different rabbit holes. So, you know, >> and for the people who don't know, this was a big update on the on the meta side of things with Andromeda. Yeah. >> Which and talk to me a bit more about that. So basically it meant that before you could do like one creative and you could kind of recreate it and with small changes and it would still rip and now you need different ones. >> Yeah. My my friend Mika he's a ecom very very good ecom guy shout outs to him. He he gave me the uh like I met him like eight years ago. It's very crazy thing and we are we reconnected recently and it's nice to see as a small world you >> Yeah. And he said to me like this example of if you have a headlamp rather um you know create like a headlamp can use by someone repairing his car. It can be used by a runner at night and it can be used by a dad playing with his kids. It's one product in different personas, right? And that's the big difference. You can sell the same product in different personas and reach new pots of audiences that are not yet converted. But you're not going to get there by having the running creative working and now you create 100 more running creatives. I rather I much rather have 10 different creatives with different personas in there, even if the running one is working, than 100 additional running creatives. >> But then what happens when one of them works better than the others? What do you do? >> I I mean, yeah, I'm going to create more >> testing, right? Like >> it's more for scaling, I would say like in testing and scaling. This is the two most important parts, right? But like I say, if a micro exchange of course like it's going to work if you have one winning creative and you create um the five first seconds like the hook, let's say it's 5 seconds hook. Um if you exchange it, you're going to find another winner probably. But when you want to scale to like high budgets, $10,000 a day ad spend, you you need to have more than one audience. You're just not going to get there if having one single audience rip. Even if it's a broad audience, even like I like to do like worldwide targeting without tier three countries and there's like millions of millions of people. However, the algorithm is going to have a much easier time of um working on this high scale if you have multiple pots of people that are directly spoken to. Let's say you have back pain, right? You can target to golfing people and then you can say are you not performing the way you want because um like is your swing not hitting the right way because of the back pain. This is like a a niche of golfing and then it's a subniche problem, right? And then you can test different subniches like uh is your dad not coming out with you anymore to golf because you have back pain. Now it's the sun that is targeted in the niche of golfing. The other way was the dad. That's great, >> you know? So this is like this is how you test multiple if you have a winning ad, you can do subniches within this audience, right? But rather than having 100 different angles of this golf this backpang golfing, I rather test 10 different audiences. So it's back pain, golfing, back pain, uh, pause writing, back pain, school, and then these 10 is going to give me much more valuable data of new audiences I can open versus, you know, >> yeah, I understand. So, and I think this makes sense. So, you're testing with widely different audiences and the the update also from Andromeda allows for that or or even even prioritizes that. And then scaling, what happens for example when you when you find like two uh angles that are the the best? >> Yeah. So most of the time when you scale the budget is going to go into like two or three creatives. If you have a lot like I see it many many times in different ad accounts that most the m it's almost always the case that the m big majority of the budget is going to go into one or two creatives, right? And then uh what happens is that you can scale these up, but you're going to hit a certain threshold when scaling it when going like to four four or five figures a day budget. You you're going to hit this wall and then you what you going to do? You need to then start testing new audiences and getting more creative, right? And you don't want to be in this case scenario. So you consistently should launch new audiences, new ICPS, like new customer avatars. Go ahead. Because it's like rare that we t that we have a product that is built for a specific niche. It's it's like the rich niches. Yes. However, the products are so broad. I want to give you like a real world example. For example, um Kai I saw scaling in the beginning. Very hard for a gym bro content. I don't know exactly which personas they have going on right now, but I remember seeing for example like I think this this gym influencers posting a lot and this is a very specific product. You know it's it's calorie tracking for gym bros. This is the niche. Bitepal came around the corner. You ever saw them is this raccoon avatar >> and they are scaling very hard right now. The same product eventually but in a in a different subniche which is um girls and they have so they have like this this very good UGC creator this girl and she's making content about weight loss of being a girl and like um the angle is very different. It's not eat enough protein to build muscle. It's um eat what you want to eat without feeling guilty. That's crazy. >> So, this is a it's the same product, a different subniche. Okay. This is this is a more um you know, it's black and white. It's boys that want to like >> I like to eat protein to get big, you know. So, if you show me a product, I would I probably would convert on that. Like I I used this products in the past. >> A girl would not buy on this. Even it's the same product. She wants to um she wants to eat good without feeling guilty. This is a very very different. >> Yeah. You kind of have different personas with the same product. >> They did like this is black and white boy and girl. what bite pal I saw is doing now I saw on my on my Tik Tok feed a lot of ads from them of a 40 years old man sitting in his car and saying like um oh I need to need to hide and track my calories because I'm 40 years old using this raccoon this AI thing you know this is a very different something so they have like I say I'm not sure what k is doing now but I saw like the gym bro approach a lot on on my feet and then now I see bite puddle on my feet running ads for girls and for 40 years old. So they have the same product but they are scaling in different markets and eventually it would be the best for if for the owner of a calorie tracker if he would capture all of the markets right before because your competitor can come in and just steal your audience that you didn't even know you could target. That's why I say I rather test 10 creatives than 100 but the 10 being a different audiences to prevent my audience being taken away from me because I you you can scale like they scaled super far in their niche but >> you know now bite pal is taking a little bit I don't know the numbers >> is that how you scale for example obviously this is a you know like meta targeted and focused >> but say you want to get to a place where you're spending5 $10,000 a day profitably how do you get there? What do you do? Um, >> obviously like imagine what you're doing. >> Uh, you need to have a variety of creatives most of the time. Like realistic I I saw accounts that just have one very clear persona and one angle and they scaling that way. But it's better probably if you have multiple personas coming in. I I can say to everybody that wants to get to this higher spend volume, go on your competitor's ad account and don't just swipe the creatives. Don't just rip them one by one, but rather get a big understanding. And you can do this very easily by just looking at the ads. What personas are they targeting? And you're going to notice that most of the time when there's a big app, they have this three, four personas. Let's say it's a calorie tracking app. They're going to have gym bros, girls, and 40 years old guys. You know, the gym bro wants protein, rice, chicken, muscles. The girl wants burger without feeling guilty. And the the father the 40 years old wants to just know what he's doing and he's new to AI. And this is the this is very different personas. And then when you want to scale in the direction where they are, figure out what personas they are using and you can try them of course I would recommend but also figure out which personas are they not yet using and try to open this market because then you have less saturated audience that probably will convert and if you keep doing that you just need to produce good creatives you know I don't know what the KPI should be maybe I I was at app growth summit and there I don't know which app it was but >> which one Berlin one was >> Yeah. Yeah. I was in Berlin. >> Uh I I sneaked in there a little bit, but it's another story there. >> Good. >> The there one of these big apps said their KPI was I think 30 creatives a week. 30 new creatives a week. And I think this was interesting because I was expecting a a way higher number, right? But they were they were scaling. they were like eight, nine figure brand and they said okay like if they are doing that volume you know I don't need to have 500 creatives a week because realistically you're not going to have the quality. One thing I this is being very interesting to me is when I first started in the space um doing organic obviously doing something very different than you. We were one of the first people to say hey you know volume is very important but we need to do >> persona and deep persona work before jumping in. Yeah. for that. That's the only way you can be comfortable and confident when hitting plateaus because you know you have so much more and that you can scale in different ways and different kind of directions and volume is important but it's not the only metric like you need more you need the the kind of yeah need so much more. So it I was very surprised to hear you say this today because I wasn't expecting it. I was expecting you to to go much more on a volume kind of tangent. Um, and by the way, just so people know, like I I think when we talk about low volume, it's not like low volume like you know, you know, [laughter] one post a day or one creative a week. It's like 30. >> Yeah, exactly. So low volume is already, you know, fairly high volume for people who aren't doing it. And I have a few more selfish questions if you don't mind. One is, and obviously this is just coming from a place of the most repeated questions I hear. Yeah. And kind of trying to address those to help as many people as we can that listen to this. >> So, one of them is, >> let's say you're talking to a founder that is doing only organic. >> Why would it be why or why not would it be important for him to test paid ads as a channel? I feel like the unnecessary like the No, I feel like the uncertain data is harming you. You know what what do you gain from not having data if a channel would work or not? Like realistically, what do you get from not having the data if it could work or it couldn't work? You have nothing. What do what would you like how long would it take? A few days. Do you have the creatives? Yes, I have them. >> Yeah. So, I think I think this for funded startups for >> um obviously profitable bootstrapped companies for enterprise people. This is a very important thing to understand. It's like hey the there is actually no reason from what you're saying to not test the pay channel if you're already doing organic. >> Yeah. But just again playing devil's advocate, what if you have very low budget? Like you have almost no money to spend. >> I mean, if you don't have a budget for ads, I I would say to you just double down on what is working currently. >> No, I'm saying you might, but it's like your last bit of budget. And and my question is in that case, what do you think is more risky? Is it to invest those 200, 500, $1,000 in testing a bunch of creatives? Because we're going from the assumption that this person already has organic going. >> What is harming them the most? Not spending that like the risk of not knowing or the actual risk of >> I think realistically, this is maybe going to sound a bit weird, but realistically, if you just have $200 for ads a month and you really want to grow your product, you should get a job and try to fund yourself. This is what I did. I can say this. I work in a supermarket and I spent my money working in a supermarket on ads. And if you realistically have $200 and you really want to grow your product, you figure out the way how to make money and invested. >> I love it. But because this is honest advice and then the other thing is also do you think people jump in with different initiatives, ads, organic, whatever it is, I have my own thought on it. But do you think people have like a mistake rather what do you think the mistake is? Is it that people jump in with too little budget or that people jump in with like what do you think? >> I think you can have both. You like if your ads don't work, stop throwing money at them and improve the funnel and the creative. You know, you shouldn't spend big money if you're losing it. I don't I don't see the value of growth when it's not profitable. it like if you are funded and you and you really want get thousands of users to evaluate your inapp funnel to see how the conversion is breaking and you want to see which onboarding thing that's a different approach. But if you are like bootstrapped and you want to get um you know you want to run ads and you are not profitable after a few hundred euro just go really in there and then try to get better copywriting, get better at you know directing, editing, market research, optimize your pay wall, optimize your funnel and don't spend too much on uh you know burning it. It doesn't make sense. I saw I saw apps um like you wouldn't imagine like I saw budgets being burnt on a crazy scale when I was going into um into ad accounts and I I I look at past data to get an understanding of what previously have worked or what didn't work to plan my first move. If there is a that has money and they they ask me for help, I go in there and I look at it and sometimes I see money being burned on such a high scale and I don't understand you know >> and my I guess like again just like imagine this person already has organic going out. >> And I agree with you like if you don't have enough budget wait until you do to test properly. But what is enough budget? I mean, if you have really uh low budget, I think it still is going to make sense if you have organic going on to even invest 200 $200 or euro into your account and look what the data says because if it's horrible, but also there's also there's also a different conversation that we need to have. It's a bit complex when you really have low budget and you just at ground zero because tracking also is a pain, you know, setting up the correct tracking. I work with um with a guy called Yuri. He is like very good at attribution. I'm not super correct at that. I want to give him a shout out because he's helped me a lot. He his website is monetized that.app and he's he's very good at tracking and everything. And if you set up tracking initiately, you need to you're going to um you need some purchases coming in. So the whole system is starting to work. So this is a problem that I see a lot of bootstrap people doing is they set up tracking and they launch and after one day they they see zero conversions and they burn $200 and they turn off the ads and then they never touch it again because they think they burnt money. However, the data comes in with a delay. there is a delay and especially when initially launching for the very first time you're going to need to like the there's a handshake happening between like Apple and matter or Apple and uh Tik Tok and this handshake needs to happen a few time of the data being transferred so it's going to be visual in the dashboard so often like bootstrap fun launch ads they they think they set up tracking um they set up tracking actually correctly and they think it's wrong just because the data is not there after a day or two it's just going to take a few days for this warm up period and until Tik Tok says, "Okay, the data that you show me here, >> yeah, >> is valid. So now I'm going to present it to you in our dashboard." They just don't want to show false data. So they need there's a validate period. >> Mhm. So this is great. So this gives a bit of an understanding of what that looks like. On the other hand, I want to ask you if you're a founder doing paid and you're already doing paid profitably, let's say, what's the value of doing organic if any? Um, for sure there's organic because for sure there is value because you can make, you know, get more growth, get more money in doing organic. You don't really, I think it's the same if you are profitable on ads and you're not doing organic or if you're profitable on organic and you're not doing ads, you don't really gain a lot of not trying. At least if you don't want to lose focus and you're super successful on on organic, maybe keep pushing there. But if you have bandwidth of experimenting and you have an infrastructure that is systemized and you can afford of spending 30% of your energy into a new test do it like what what would you >> I agree. So so you think they go like hand in hand. >> Yeah they are they they are cousins they are brothers they are like you know >> why though what what is one affecting the other? Because if you have like the it's not going to make or break the success of the other realistically. But if you have a video that has um half a million likes and 50,000 positive comments, you can imagine that the social proof is going to increase the performance. If the video is not um if I had creatives that had this and they were not working, um it's not going to make or break the success of the creative. Like just because there's a lot of comments and likes doesn't mean that it's going to work if it's a bad video for paid. But if it's a video that could work on paid and you have a giant amount of social proof of people saying that's a good idea. I want this good indication. >> It's it's going to Yeah. And it's also going to increase the performance because just the like >> the social proof alone. >> The social proof alone. Yeah. Like when I when I doom scroll and I see a video with 10 likes, I normally skip it. Like it's rare that I look at it just because I don't think my time is worth looking at this. And again, like if it's a act if it's actually a good hook and it's visually appealing video, I still going to watch it if it has 10 likes, but most of the time, you know, you're a bit more skeptical. And this social proof is just going to help get the performance going, but it's not a day and night difference realistically. >> Yeah. Yeah, I agree. I think they go hand in hand. And I think it's um as far as performance goes, you always have to test. There's no like strict answer >> but >> I am yet to see cases where complementing either organic with paid or paid with organic does not result in better performance >> 100%. It is true like the best creatives I the the creative I scaled the most was a video that went viral organically first. >> How much you scale it? >> Uh I don't remember the exact number. >> You posted some stuff. I was like, bro, >> I don't remember the exact number, but over 100 million views, >> man. There is creatives that you can find in the in the ad library. They have hundreds of millions of views. You know, imagine now you have a creative that is going viral and you make 5 million views. You can 10x the reach by running it on ads and probably will also 10x the revenue. Yeah. Yeah. >> There's from the from um one of the biggest ones is from the what what was the app before kei? My fitness pal. >> My fitness pal. I remember there's uh I don't even know how much but it's way over 100 million views. >> Yeah, I think I I saw like a video with like I don't remember 300 million views from them. There's this Chinese app that they scaled in December like crazy. It's a video editing app. I forgot the name. It's like copy or something like that. And they had multiple videos with over 100 million views that they launched in December and scaled in December to over 100 million views, multiple of them. So that's crazy. And it was US targeting. You can see in the ad, you can go in the ad library. That's also if you want to do market research, very good. There's two, it's like a little a little inside there are two ad libraries. One that you enter from the for Tik Tok from the normal browser and then there's one that you enter from the ad library. So you go on the Tik Tok ad library into I think it's asset and then inspiration or something like this and then you can click on see more and then there's a different ad library than the one that you would enter from the browser and there you can see like uh very clearly the views that they have and then you can go and launch last 30 days United States apps and you're going to have a bunch of amazing content where you can immediately see the the views 100 million views 50 million views and I think it's important to look at them not only like to know what is going on in the space, but also to remind yourself how far you can go. You know, I love to see this videos with 500 million views on ads because it just reminds you that it's possible. There is there are apps out there, they're spending like a $100,000 a day on ads. So, if you're spending $1,000 and you think, can I really scale to $5,000? You know, there's someone else spending $100,000 a day. >> I met someone who's has a day job and very hardworking in their day job. >> And they have they do apps kind of for fun. This guy is spending7,000 a day on ads. >> Why? He has a day job. >> No. Yeah, that's still to be figured out. But I think it's it's like what it's is just insane. Like there's people out there that are doing something different. And I think it's there's a lot to be said about this. >> Um pairing channels that are similar to each other. Fundamentally ads organic. What you're doing is you're competing for attention. on one you're bidding on the other one you're competing just on on the for you page and fundamentally it's the same thing. >> Yeah. So, like obviously there's nuance and there's all this, but if they're so similar, why wouldn't you find a way to make them work together? This is my purpose, my my thesis. >> I I agree. I agree. Because you are the hardest part is to make a good creative right. >> Exactly. >> That it's not hard to post it on TikTok and neither is it hard to upload it into the ads manager. The hardest work is getting the creative right. And if you get the creative right, you might as well >> do both. I think a lot of people also get stuck in the tactical side of, oh, but I don't know how to run ads and I don't know how to do my campaign setup. And what would you say? >> I feel like it's, you know, it's it's like going to the gym a bit. You know, you can go to the gym for one day and teach like a trainer can show you in one day how to do it correctly. You just need to do it over and over again to get actually good at it. But the biggest difference is not going to be to be good at it or not. It's going to be to repetitively show up. You know, if you keep showing up, if you keep trying to run ads, you're going to eventually hit it. You know, it's you're going to get big if you go to the gym. Even if you make the exercise wrong, your muscle is going to grow. Maybe you're going to hurt yourself because you, you know, did something wrong. Maybe you're going to lose money. Like, you're not going to tear your muscle, but you're going to burn money. But this is going to be painful and the pain is going to be a valuable lesson eventually, right? That's why I said it took me 14 months to get this to get this right. So, everybody can do it. It's not magic to to run ads. You just need to have good creative and then dude there. It's so simple. You know, there's a lot of videos that you can see on how to set up a a campaign structure. Like anybody that can develop an app is is is probably smarter than the average media buyer because the process is a bit harder. So, you don't make rocket science out of it. >> Yeah. Mark, um I wanted to say just to finalize, I want to say thank you. It's been great to talk to you. I think from last time we talked I at least Yeah. from both of our sides. I think there's so much that has happened on organic, on paid, on the algorithm, you know, everywhere. But I yeah, I appreciate you speaking to me and coming here today. I think it's been great. It's been insightful. I I want to give you the chance. Is there anything you'd want to say to finalize any message you'd like to leave? Anything you'd like to promote? You feel free. >> Okay. Use the space as an ad space. >> Okay. the the sponsor of the video. >> Uh follow me on Twitter, Mugo Scales. If you want to if you have some questions, I'm down to help for free. Everybody that is starting, just send me a DM. I answer everything. And if you want to really scale, hit me up. I would love to, you know, just be a consultant on some big projects. I I tweeted uh I would like to my big goal like my dream would be to be included in a campaign that makes a million dollar in 30 days. That would be like really cool. So if you have budget and you want to scale and you need some consulting, hit me up. Um I'm I'm focusing right. I'm like a boutique, very boutique now. So I have two campaigns that I'm working on and I want to focus on them. However, if you if you have budgets, let me know. I'm down, you know. >> Yeah. Nice. Nice. And I will leave your socials below as well. >> So yeah, Mark, appreciate you, bro. >> Of course, man. It was a pleasure. Thank you. >> Always, man. Okay. >> Take care. Mess.

  Top Comments:
  1. @aniketpriyadarshi2801 [6 likes]: This has criminally low views!!
  2. @Leak_pro: Really intersting and helpful

- Facebook Ads in 2026: NEW Secrets, Tips & Strategies: Kind: captions Language: en Meta ads have changed again. What worked 12 months ago is already becoming outdated. And if you're still relying on old strategies, you're leaving a lot of money on the table. In this video, I'm going to break down a number of Meta ad strategies and techniques that are working really well right now, including what's changed, what's quietly dominating behind the scenes, and how you can use it to scale profitably. Strategy number one is to use value rules. I'm a big fan of value rules because they allow you to have the best of both worlds when it comes to targeting. With value rules, you can influence who Meta puts your ads in front of without having to overly restrict them through hard targeting constraints. So, you can have the best of both worlds. You can have open targeting and the full flexibility that Meta wants to be able to work out exactly who to put your ads in front of, but give it direction towards your most valuable prospects or customers. Let me quickly show you what this looks like. So, I'm here inside an example Meta ad account and get to the value rule section. I come over here and click on advertising settings, then select value rules, and then go ahead and click on create a rule set. Then I need to select my criteria. Many different options here, conversion location, age, gender, etc., etc. Let's say I go with age. I may have analyzed my customer data and worked out that people over 35 are more valuable to my business. Perhaps they are more likely to convert from lead to eventual client. Perhaps they are more likely to stick on my subscription service for longer. Perhaps they are more likely to buy again from my e-commerce store. Different use cases for different businesses. So, let's say I've identified the demo valuable to my business, select all the age ranges above 35, and then I select by how much I want to increase my bid. Let's say I've worked out those people are 30% more valuable than others. I can go ahead and add in 30 in here, give the rule a name, go ahead and click next, give the rule set a name, 35 plus, click create. I can now add that into my campaigns, add that into my ad set, and Meta will continue to advertise to people that are both over 35 and under 35, but it is going to favor the people that are over 35, be willing to pay more in the auction to reach those people because we've told Meta they're more valuable to my business. So like I said at the beginning, a great way to have the best of both worlds when it comes to targeting, you don't need to have this trade-off between hard constraints but small audience versus open targeting, you can go with this option instead. Strategy number two is to define your audience segments. So Meta breaks down the audience that you're reaching into three different segments. You've got new audience, you've got engaged audience, and you've got existing customers. So it's really important to take a few minutes, it doesn't take very long at all, and get for example your customer list uploaded to your Meta ad account and then define in advertising settings that audience being existing customers. You want to do the same with your engaged audience, which is going to be people that are warm, they've interacted with your business before, but they haven't actually bought. So this could be website visitors, people on your email list but not your customer list, people who've engaged with you across the Meta apps. You can very quickly and easily do this in advertising settings. If we jump back to advertising settings, we've got here in this example ad account these already defined. We've got engaged audience for example, which we defined as our all website visitors 180, and we've got existing customers, we've got an example customer list uploaded. I've separate videos going into more details about how to do that, how to set it up, but really valuable to do because it allows Meta to better allocate budget across cold, warm, and hot audience, which is what these three categories are. You are also able to see in breakdown data when you're looking at your results at your campaign, ad set, or even ad level the split of spend but also where your results are coming from. How many of our purchases are coming from existing customers versus from new audience? What's the cost per purchase look like across those audience? You can do the same with with cost per lead. Takes a few minutes, well worth doing. Number three is to produce way more ad creative. We now aim for 20 different ad creatives per ad set. We used to be limited to six, that's what Meta used to recommend, but post Andromeda things have really changed. Meta is now prioritizing creative diversity. They want lots of different ad creative in the same ad set because it allows them to do a few different things. Firstly, it allows them to personalize ad delivery. So, they're not going to put the same ads in front of everyone. They're not going to work out from your six ads previously, "This is the best performer. Let's put that in front of everyone." Instead, they're going to work out, "This person's probably going to be more interested in this ad, but this person's probably going to be more interested in this ad." Meta obviously has the data to be able to make those calculations, and that's what the Andromeda update is going to help with. So, the more diversity you have amongst your ad creative, so different formats, different styles, different looks, the more you're going to be able to benefit from that. Also, it really helps with ad fatigue. The more creative diversity you have and the more different ads you have in an ad set, the longer it will take for them to fatigue. If someone sees the same ad seven or eight times, even in a two- or three-day period, they might get pretty bored of it. I've seen that. Yeah, get it. Whatever. But, if you've got lots of different ads and Meta is showing one ad in the morning, a different ad in the afternoon, different ad the next morning, etc. to that that one individual, it's going to take much longer before they become bored of it. You get past the I've seen this before, therefore I can scroll on filter much quicker. So, really important to produce extra ad creative. How do you go about doing that? Well, firstly, embrace different formats. Doesn't all have to be video. Video is the best performing ad format for most advertisers, but we want to make sure we've got a range of formats live at any one time. Different people interested in different formats is part of the reason, but also it's much quicker and easier to create lots of say image variations than it is to create lots of extra videos. That's the first thing. Secondly, embrace Meta's variation options. So, when you're uploading your imagery to the ad platform, you go through the creative setup process, Meta is often going to use AI to suggest variations of that image. By all means, take advantage of those. And you can use external tools that use AI to help you with this, too. One of the biggest reasons small budgets fail on Meta isn't targeting, it's the creatives. Because testing properly requires variations and variations cost money. A single UGC video from a creator, hundreds if not thousands of dollars. An agency to consistently produce and test new creatives, thousands if not tens of thousands dollars per month. And that's before you even know if the ads convert. If you're working with a small budget, that math just doesn't work. Hollow flips that part of the equation. You just paste in only your website URL and it analyzes your brand voice, positioning, and visuals. Then generates ready to publish ads, social posts, and email campaigns. But what makes this powerful for small budgets is the variations. Instead of giving you one creative, it can generate batches of different hooks, angles, formats, and layouts in seconds. You can tweak the size, swap visuals, adjust colors, change the messaging, translate it into another language, or even turn a static image into a video without starting from scratch each time. No prompts, no Canva marathons, no waiting weeks on freelancers. And here's why this matters for small budget advertisers. Meta rewards iteration. The people who win aren't always the ones spending the most, they're the ones testing the most. If you can create 10 to 20 creative variations quickly without spending thousands on production, you suddenly have leverage. Instead of spending your budget on creative production, you can spend it on actual ad testing. What used to take hours or cost thousands now takes minutes. For solo founders and small teams, that removes the biggest bottleneck in Facebook ads, producing enough creatives to find a winner. If creative costs have been holding you back from testing properly, Hollow is definitely worth looking at. There is a link in the description and a discount code if you want to try it. Strategy number four is to use partnership ads. Now, this is linked to the previous point I made around creating more ad creative. Partnership ads will certainly help you do that. Just to quickly explain what they are, partnership ads are ads that run from both your account and a creator's account. So, you can hire creators, influencers to produce usually video ad creative promoting your products and services. And then when you run them, they will be run from those two accounts, yours and theirs, hence why it's called a partnership ad. It's effectively influencer marketing, but not reliant on the organic distribution of their posts, but you can actually put budget behind it and advertise and run it to their audience. And there's a number of reasons why you might want to do so. Firstly, it's a quick and easy way to produce a lot more ad creative because you're not doing it yourself. Secondly, if you work with the right people and they have influence over your target market, they have scroll-stopping power. People are more likely to pay attention, so your hook rate improves. That's a big deal. That should not be underestimated. Thirdly, their recommendation carries weight. So, when they say you should go and buy this product or service, if it's someone that is respected in your space, people are more likely to do it as opposed to that recommendation coming from someone they don't know or from someone within your company. Fourthly, partnership ads can really help you build a brand over time because if you work with creators over an extended period of time, the creators that you work with, people will start to associate with your business and your business will take on the values and the things that people think about those creators. Means you need to pick well in the first place, but it can be a great way to build a brand. Also, when you're working with influencers creators, they're normally pretty good at producing creative assets, otherwise they wouldn't have become an influencer or creator in the first place. So, it's a great way to get really high-quality ad creative that a lot of businesses just aren't capable of producing themselves. Now, of course, it costs money to go out and hire these people, but if you choose right, you are more than likely going to recoup the cost pretty quickly in terms of increased ad efficiency. If you take 10% of your advertising budget, for example, and pay that to creators, but that creator makes your ad campaign 40% more effective, that's a great trade. You should do that every time. And I see that come up again and again. And Meta have a really simple free tool that you can use to make finding creators to work with, contacting them really easy. So, if I jump back into my example ad account, I'm in campaigns. If I go ahead and click on all tools, and I can come down here to the Creator Marketplace. And then from within here, I can easily find creators to work with. Meta even gives recommendations around the creators most relevant for you. I've created a whole video around the Creator Marketplace, how it works, how to go through it properly. You can find that on my channel, and go ahead and check that out. I just wanted to quickly show you how easy this process can be. Strategy number five is to use the creative testing tool. A lot of advertisers have run into issues post-Andromeda when it comes to testing new ad creative. I've already talked about wanting a lot more ad creative, so we want to test to find out what's working, what's not. A lot of advertisers are running into problems where they upload new ad creative, add that into an existing ad set, and it just gets no ad spend whatsoever, and it feels pointless, like a complete waste of time. The existing best performers just continue to get all the ad spend. So, I've seen advertisers do all sorts of things with like separate campaigns and testing setups. It can get very complicated very quickly. You can end up with fragmented data, not the way to go. Much better to use the creative testing tool. So, let's go back into my example ad account. I don't have any campaigns in here, so let's just quickly create an example campaign. Let's go with a sales campaign. And I'm just going to jump straight to the ad level, which is where you will find the creative testing tool. Then I'm going to scroll down, and it's just here beneath where you add in your ad creative. And if I click on here, I can click on setup test, and you can test two to five different ads simultaneously. You can tell Meta how much of your budget you want to spend on this test, how long you want this test to run, and then what do you want to compare performance? I would absolutely recommend changing from, say, cost per post engagement to something like cost per lead or cost per purchase, or whatever it is that you're actually optimizing for in the campaign. That might mean you need to add in extra time, extra budget to make it work, etc. Click confirm, and then what you do is this will produce five different test ads. You go into each one of those ads, and you add in the different ad creative, and this will do a proper test. Meta will segment out your audience into five different chunks, and make sure they don't overlap so you can properly test to see ad creative A, how does it perform against ad creative B? If you're producing new ad creative and adding them to your campaigns, your existing campaigns, your existing ad set, you can use this to make sure they actually get spend and you find out if they're working or not or whether you just completely wasted your time and potentially money on on getting those things created. So yeah, big fan of the creative testing tool. Not many advertisers know about it, even fewer use it, but I certainly recommend it. Strategy number six is to not use a separate retargeting campaign or even a separate retargeting ad set. Instead, we like to combine the two and run a hybrid so your ads are being delivered to a combination of warm and cold audiences. Why do we do that? Because no matter how you set up your targeting, it is very likely that Meta is going to target a mixture of cold and warm audiences anyway. I talked in a previous point about defining your audience segment and one of the reasons is so that you can go down into the breakdown information and you can break down your results but also your spend by new audience, engaged audience, and existing customers. When you do that in an ad set that is set up to be a retargeting ad set and then you compare the results to an ad set that is set up to be a cold audience ad set, often you will find that the split in terms of spend between new audience, engaged audience, and existing customers is exactly the same. And why does Meta do this? Because most of your targeting inputs are suggestions. When you set up an ad set to be a warm audience ad set, you add in your warm audiences, your custom audiences as targeting, but you do so as a suggestion in the suggested audience section as opposed to within the controls within the hard targeting constraints. So Meta has the flexibility to target other people. If you're targeting more open, more cold audiences, Meta is absolutely going to find your warm audiences. Those are the people that are most likely to engage with your ads. Those are the people that Meta will quickly identify as most likely to purchase, become a lead, whatever it is you're optimizing for, and that is going to put ads in front of them. So, if the two different campaigns or two different ad sets, one one one cold, are going to be the same from a distribution standpoint anyway, you might as well combine them so that you don't have fragmented data. We consolidate that data. One ad campaign producing 50 conversions a week is much better than two ad campaigns producing 25 conversions a week because getting out of the learning phase, you're not being caught in learning limited, Meta has more data to optimize, you have more data as the advertiser to be able to assess things and make optimization decisions. So, we rarely have separate retargeting campaigns. Now, there are circumstances where we do. I've got another video going into more detail on this that you can check out on my channel, but by default, we're not going to retarget separately. Quick one before we continue. If you're running Meta ads and you'd like me to take a look at your actual ad account and tell you what I would change, test, or scale, I've built something called the Ben Heath Inner Circle. Inside, you get direct access to me for less than $60 per live session, where you can join, ask me questions, and even share your ad account for live feedback. And these sessions are scheduled across multiple time zones, so you can join from wherever you are in the world. So, if you're dealing with performance dropping, creatives not working, or you're unsure how to scale, you can bring it to a live session and we'll go through it together. If you want to check it out, there's a link in the video description. Let's get back to the video. Strategy number seven is to focus your initial acquisition on free {slash} inexpensive products or services, or go to the other end of the spectrum and go high price point, premium luxury, high ticket, high touch sales process. I think the mid-range is often the hardest, particularly to scale. It's where most of your competitors are, so it's difficult differentiate just for starters. But, if you just think about the economics of it, if you're offering something free or inexpensive, you want that to be as cheap and as operationally efficient for your business as possible, something that you can give away. It's just not going to be very difficult for you to deliver on that. Or you want to go to the other extreme where you can have all the bells and whistles and all the high touch points in the sales calls and the proposal documents and the follow-up processes. Because when you actually do get a customer, you cover the cost of all that. In the mid-range, you're often high enough price where people want a bit more than something just easy automated, but you don't really make enough money from them to be able to justify an elongated sales process or you know, something really complex. So, the more I've seen businesses that are outliers that really succeed with their meta ads, the more they tend to fall into one end or the other. Like free or really really inexpensive and easy for them to deliver on in the first place what you might call a tripwire. Or, you know, let's do it all. Let's go with the absolute top end of the market. I'll work with just a handful of clients customers. They'll be incredibly valuable. Our return on ad spend on those leads would be unbelievable. Yeah, that seems to be a better approach to go with. And strategy number eight is to embrace WhatsApp and use it as part of your meta marketing funnels. Now, this is going to be location dependent to some extent. In the US, for example, people use WhatsApp a lot less than just about everywhere else in the world. But if your target audience is on WhatsApp regularly, then definitely experiment with a WhatsApp-based sales funnel. I've seen a lot of businesses having success with replacing their traditional processes with a WhatsApp-based funnel instead. So, let's say previously people would click, go through to landing page, book in a call or inquire. They'd then get contacted by the company to arrange a call. A lot of friction, slow process. How much easier is it for your prospect to just click on an ad, go straight into WhatsApp, send a few messages, and those initial messages are all automated, and people are filtered depending on you know, you can find out whether they actually are a qualified lead or not. From then on, you can then progress them to actually communicating with a person. And I think that a lot of prospects prefer that. They're like, "Well, why would I want to book a sales call for 3 days time and then I have to sit on the call and have them pitch me the thing, and then I've got to get the document afterwards, and then I follow up. It's slow, and it's cumbersome, and it's friction, and people are busy. Whereas on WhatsApp, it's like I could just send a few messages back and forth really quickly, find out whether or not I like this product or service, and then go ahead and make a purchasing decision. It also has the advantage that's often quite a bit cheaper for the business to operate than a traditional say lead sales call funnel structure. In a market like the UK at the moment, you're going to have more success if you're high ticket with this type of thing with WhatsApp as opposed to low ticket, but that doesn't apply worldwide. If you're in India, Brazil, for example, you can sell anything on WhatsApp, low ticket included. So, I would predict that in the next 5 to 10 years, WhatsApp's going to make real inroads into the US market as well, and then this will apply there, too. In the meantime, for everyone else or people who are advertising to people in in other locations, uh definitely something to experiment with. And if you want to know more about how to advertise using WhatsApp, you can check out this video here. In it, I walk through the entire process of creating a click-to-WhatsApp campaign. I also show you some of the other things that you could do as a marketer, things like marketing messages on WhatsApp. Yes, you can send messages to people that have interacted with WhatsApp, which is incredibly powerful in certain circumstances, of course. So, if you haven't already, go ahead and check this out.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BenHeath [1 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  2. @vadha1: Meta has made advertising extremely difficult. I don’t have the time to bother with this stuff so I’m just gonna not advertise on meta
  3. @thiemebr: How much in average a small business should invest in FB ads per day?
  4. @hskinnershepherd: it'd be great if you could list in the description or tag in this video all of the videos you mention. not all of your video titles are intuitive to what you're recommending to check out. it makes it difficult to search your channel and find the video you are referencing.
  5. @mel12ab: Does the creative testing tool, only work for standard events and not custom events?
  6. @IntheRealLife: Ad gurus always talk like meta is so smart but I have found if you don't tell it what to do it puts your ads in front of an audience MOST UNLIKLEY to actually purchase. For example, I am a remotely attractive woman and my target audience is other women. Men will engage with my videos because well.... men engage with any video of a remotely attractive women, doesn't matter what you are talking about. So what does meta do if i don't completely limit them? They push my ads to men when my product is for women. Same thing happens if you leave the location open, they will show your ads in Nigeria which is useless to my particular product. What am I missing understanding? Why does every Facebook ad tutorial I watch tell me to let meta figure it out when they are obviously terrible at picking the right audience early enough on to be useful. I don't want to burn through ad budget while they slowly figure out my product is not for men and not priced for Nigeria. If I don't completely restrict them they send my ads to the exact wrong people every time.
  7. @chordkeys: Help. How many assets should I use for flexible ads?
  8. @lemonroti1991: This video breaks down eight key strategies for scaling Meta Ads in 2026. Here is an overview of the sections covered:

Strategy 1: Use Value Rules (0:20 - 2:13): Explains how to influence Meta's targeting by assigning higher value to specific customer segments without hard constraints.
Strategy 2: Define Audience Segments (2:13 - 3:40): The importance of classifying audiences into new, engaged, and existing customer groups to optimize budget allocation.
Strategy 3: Produce More Ad Creative (3:40 - 7:18): Discusses the shift toward creative diversity, aiming for up to 20 variations per ad set to combat ad fatigue.
Strategy 4: Use Partnership Ads (7:18 - 9:59): How to leverage influencer and creator collaborations to improve hook rates and brand trust.
Strategy 5: Use the Creative Testing Tool (9:59 - 11:59): A guide to using Meta's built-in testing tools to ensure new creative gets adequate spend and performance data.
Strategy 6: Consolidate Retargeting (11:59 - 14:48): Why it is generally more effective to combine cold and warm audiences into a single campaign rather than separating them.
Strategy 7: Focus on Price Point Strategy (14:48 - 16:20): Recommends focusing on either very low-cost "tripwire" offers or high-ticket premium services, avoiding the difficult mid-range.
Strategy 8: Embrace WhatsApp Funnels (16:20 - 18:30): How to use WhatsApp to reduce friction in the sales process and build more direct connections with prospects.
  9. @vinedresserlawnandlandscape: For a service business. Would you suggest that we test ads with ABO and, when they scale, put them in an evergreen CBO campaign? Or just run CBO campaigns with one ad set?
  10. @giullianaarias.: super valuable
  11. @johnnydulong-SellHfxRealEstate: I just asked ChatGPT if it could create Ad Creatives for me and it can.  I have not tested this but if it works, big savings.
  12. @condosbysarah: how to disable message template on leads campaign?
  13. @JarnoZhou-q6i: Just curious if it's necessary to do the creative AB testing?
  14. @Haifahusayn: Which tool u were talking about ?
  15. @topchessmoments: For a £200 per day budget, would you split out UK and US audiences?
  16. @Mia_archerron: Great video, Ben, thank you so much! Question: The value rules (the first tip you talk about in the video) is not great to do with a micro budget (20$) per day, correct?
  17. @icegangwatch: My product category is watches, so I'll be using a 1-1-N ad structure. With a daily budget of $100, should my ad creatives use different colors of the same watch, or can I mix and match different styles?
  18. @costo8779: Yo bro hru i’m a beginner is it better to go with videos or static ads?
  19. @tuckertheremedy: Hi Ben, would you recommend separating Catalog ads into their own campaign, since they tend to cannibalize spend when combined into the same campaign as manually created ads?
  20. @crescitaly: The 20 creatives per adset tip is the unlock nobody talks about. Went from 6 to 22 creatives after Andromeda and CPA dropped 43% in 3 weeks. Also pairing partnership ads with Crescitaly-boosted organic seed posts from the same creator before going paid - it warms the pixel and we see 2x better hook rates right out the gate. WhatsApp funnel tip also gold for our Brazil market.

- Why Meta Ads Are Secretly Winning for B2B in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en If you're running a B2B SAS or an agency, you've probably been told that meta ads are a waste of money, that Facebook and Instagram are only for B2C companies, and that LinkedIn is the only way to reach serious buyers. Well, over the past 7 years, I've worked with over 50 B2B SAS companies and agencies, and I can tell you that is completely wrong. In fact, just last month, one of my clients, technology match.com, closed 35,000 of net new business on just 6,000 spent on meta ads. So, today I'm going to show you the exact data that proves that Meta works for B2B, how to target enterprise buyers economically, and why your cost per qualified demo can be 5 to 10 times cheaper than LinkedIn. And the best part, you can start testing this without needing a massive ad budget. So let's dive in. Now one of the common things I keep hearing is that my buyers aren't on Facebook. Meta is for B2C and impulse buys only and LinkedIn is the only serious B2B channel. Well, that is factually incorrect. In fact, some of you are probably here because you saw one of my ads and booked a call with me and then I sent you this video through a link on your email. So that alone proves it's working. But the reality is B2B decision makers spend 70% more time on Facebook than the average users. That is according to Facebook research. Then 70% of B2B buyers use Facebook for research before purchasing. And they aren't there to buy, but they're there to discover. People are on Facebook. Like if you think about it like we are what 9 billion across the planet, right? And then the Facebook users are about 3 to 4 billion something like that. You want to convince yourself that out of these 3 to four billion, your decision makers aren't there because they're the other half. But in fact, through the funnels that I've built for clients, what I'm seeing is I'm able to book sales directors working at companies doing half a billion dollars annually. And so if that person is there, like believe that everybody else is there. What is the crux of the issue here? Most people are treating meta as a checkout page really like they are hoping okay I will just run an ad to my homepage and people will magically sign for my product and activate themselves because you know I have all of that dialed in some of you do that is very very few companies especially if you're in SAS or running an agency what you have to realize meta is really imagine it like a river you want to redirect direct part of the stream towards you. Like in order for the stream to reach you, you have to make the path as well. You don't just redirect and it goes to you cuz it can go anywhere. Like you have to design the path so that stream comes to you. And that is what most people are missing whenever they're running ads on Facebook. they just treat it as a checkout page and they don't really have a designed way for that stream to go to them. The truth is Meta is used as a discovery platform and it should be treated as such. And so what that tells you is after they discover your solution then naturally they go into research mode. This is why you don't read it as a checkout page because whenever they are researching, you know, they just naturally want more information about your product or service. They want to understand who you are and all of that jazz. In my world, this is called a conversion mechanism or a funnel. In other words, after people click on your ad, they go to a page. What you do there matters a lot. Like how you convert them from somebody who has an initial interest to somebody has an actual desire for your product. This is what the conversion mechanism does and this is what you should have in order to find success converting decision makers on the meta platform. I would also argue you need the same thing for LinkedIn by the way and then once people are converted they opt in for a sales call most of the time or like if you have a low ticket product there you know they will opt in for that. So whatever the purchase criteria is you can convert them. The key takeaway here is that leads from meta often have higher intent because they've done their homework because they've been through the research phase. You've actually done the heavy lifting for them. You've helped them do that and now when they're on the sales call with you, they're very likely to close. That is how my clients are closing. Meta versus LinkedIn, the cost of attention. So here I've put some data like I think everybody knows that LinkedIn in general is more expensive than Meta. The data I found here is the average cost per click on LinkedIn is between 8 to 10 uh sorry 8 to $15 per click and the average CPM is 100 plus and on meta it's like you know 1 to two and the CPM is less than 10. This will change depending on your funnel but in general you will find it is way more expensive to run ads on LinkedIn just to achieve the same things. What most people get wrong here is that you cannot target the right decision makers on meta. If you've been into the business manager on meta, like you've seen uh you can't really tell it, okay, I want exactly this job title, exactly this employee size and you know all of these good things that you can actually do on LinkedIn like you just cannot do that which is part of the reason why LinkedIn is more expensive. But let's say you are able to target exactly who you want. You can do that on meta. I'm about to show you how. You target the right people. You send traffic somewhere, but then you haven't created the path that needs that they need in order to, you know, to convert them. I'm saying you're eventually running into the same problem. It's just you're acquiring the front-end traffic for more expensive on meta. There there is a difference in terms of how you target the right people. You have to understand Meta is a billiondoll company and it's been staying a billion-dollar company for a reason. If people were not making money on Meta, if they were not able to target exactly who they want to be targeting, Meta wouldn't be a billion-dollar company nowadays. Meta is here because it's making people money. It's making businesses money. You as a business wanting to target a lot of businesses, you can make money on Meta. It just comes down to skill and knowhow. With LinkedIn, it's very easy whenever you go into their campaign manager and like you can literally tell it, okay, I want to target these people and that's why they charge you more money. On meta, it is a bit different in terms of how you target those people because the algorithm is so sophisticated already. You don't need to tell it exactly who you want to speak to. All you have to do is create your ads in such a way that they speak to a very specific person and then you let the algorithm do the heavy lifting. What they force you to do is to be actually good at marketing. Even on LinkedIn, you still have to follow the same guidelines. You still have to speak to a very specific person. You're not doing anything different here. It's just the way to target the right people is a bit different cuz you're letting an algorithm do its work. There are three ways you can be very specific. In general, I'm running three campaigns. Whenever I'm running ads for clients and for myself honestly, I do an interest targeting where if you go on Meta, you kind of suggest different interests that your target audience would be interested in. So, you know, if you're targeting SAS companies, it could be, you know, SAS, it could be a specific software that your customers are using like Salesforce, HubSpot, it could be a business publication, it could be like a million things. All this does is it gives the meta algorithm suggestions on what people you want in your funnel and if your messaging is good enough you will actually get those people. And the other thing you can do is run lookalike audiences. If you have a list of say thousand to 10,000 people who you've worked with so past customers you can create a lookalike audience on Meta and tell it find me other people like that. And so Meta will do that for you and then it will show your ads to people who are very similar to the people that have already purchased from you. You can do the same on LinkedIn. It's just on meta. It's it's just cheaper. You get more bang for your buck. On LinkedIn, you need higher budgets in order to do the same thing you can do on Meta. The other thing is you can retarget people through warm audiences. Let's say people who have seen at least 50% of a video ad. You can retarget them with something else. And now you're getting more granular. One more thing which I haven't mentioned here is you can literally run a broad campaign. Meaning you just leave the algorithm do its job. Find the people that you are speaking to. Those are some of the campaigns which are most successful to me personally. Like I'm just creating the message in such a way that it speaks to a very specific person. By the time they see it, the algorithm has realized, okay, this is the actual person you want to speak to. I'm just going to show the ads to those people. And it works flawlessly. You're not putting anything in the targeting apart from target people who are let's say over 25 years and speak English and that's it. That's the only thing I'm putting and I'm finding huge success. Do meta ads work for B2B? Honestly, the short answer is like absolutely yes. By now you should know exactly why this is the case and the crux of the issue is they work only if you use them correctly. If you're treating meta ads as a checkout page, honestly, if you do the same for LinkedIn, like you will just not find success. you will just pay more for the traffic and you will still get the same result. Question is like if you want more bang for your buck, go with meta. It's just like that much better. And also like I would argue there is less business noise in there in general. It's easier to stand out as long as your ads are actually good, which is, you know, it's another topic topic in and out of itself. The goal here is to create awareness, educate your market, and fill your pipeline with high potential customers at a cost that other platforms just cannot match. It's literally what it is. Hopefully, that helps clear out some of the confusion on if I should go with LinkedIn, Meta, or something else. If you have any questions that you feel like I can answer, maybe you want me to clarify anything, just drop them in the comments below and I will do my best to respond to

- You’re Not Ready for the Next Phase of Social Media: Kind: captions Language: en Social media is about to change forever for creators, for brands, for anyone that's using content to grow a business. The game is being completely reset because the truth is, we're entering a brand new era for marketing. Now, the good news is there are lots of new ways to win that weren't possible before. I know this because I spend all day on the cutting edge of content marketing and distribution. I have a million followers. I've done billions of views. And I'm starting to see trends and patterns that are not obvious to the average person, but are massive opportunities. So, in this video, I'm going to walk through the six biggest social media trends that I see coming over the next few years. And if you care about growing your business at all, you're going to want to pay attention. All right. Now, the first social media trend is the emergence of new social platforms. That's right. We are going to get new social platforms that launch in the next couple years. And this really is the mega trend. Because if there's one thing the marketing world has taught me, it's how important it is to be ready when a new social platform launches. Cuz here's the thing. If you were given a choice, every creator and business owner on Earth would go back in time to invest more in Facebook and YouTube in the early 2010s, Instagram and LinkedIn in the late 2010s, and Tik Tok in 2020. Why? Because those early years are the easiest time to win. If you were to map the life cycle of any social platform, those first 12 to 18 months have user demand that significantly outpaces content supply. Literally, any piece of content posted works. During this period, you get massive views, massive followers, and massive conversion for almost no effort. It's literally a gold rush. And this gold rush phenomenon happens both when new platforms launch and when old platforms launch a new feature. And we all saw this with Instagram reels in 2022. Instagram had been around since 2010. And by 2020, it kind of felt like the game was solved. It was over. But the addition of reels in 2022 completely reset everything on Instagram and allowed a ton new people to enter and lots more to win. What this means is that you should always be looking for new social platforms as well as when old social platforms launch new features so that you can sprint and take advantage of those early moments. So, here's why this all matters. I think we're about to see a few massive launches in the social media space over the next few years. Let me explain what they are. First and foremost, the one that's for sure happening is US Tik Tok. If you haven't been following the news, the US forced China to sell the rights to US Tik Tok to a US controlled conglomerate. Now, it's not exactly clear who all the owners will be, but it's rumored Oracle, Silverlake, and potentially even A16Z will be in the mix. And this means that in the next 6 to 12 months, you will see a brand new social platform emerge for the first time since Threads and before that, Tik Tok itself. And I'm telling you, this is going to be the biggest opportunity in the social media world since the pandemic because it's been reported that the US controlled version of Tik Tok will need to rebuild their own algorithms from scratch. And that means user profiles and followers that have already been built up on the existing Tik Tok will not port over to the US version. Everybody's starting over from scratch, including me. But this time, all the new players that will come in on day one have already built businesses on the existing Tik Tok. They know the playbook. They know how to make content, and they're going to come ready starting on day one. Now, if you care about making money at all from content, whether it's brand deals or to fund your business, the launch of US Tik Tok is not something that you should ignore. And I promise I will make a lot more videos in the future for the strategies and tactics for how to dominate on US Tik Tok as we get closer. So make sure to stay tuned and follow along for those. Now, I mentioned at the beginning of this section that I expect to see a couple new social media platforms or features launch in the next few years. US Tik Tok is for sure happening. That's one. But here are two other predictions for what I think will happen in the next 2 to 3 years. First, I think we're going to see some new niche community feature be built on top of either Instagram threads or X. And here's why. It's no secret that the world is diverging. While the internet feels like everyone's getting more connected, I'm sensing a trend of private groups, member clubs, walled gardens, and private communities become more and more popular over time. People are sick of the feed-based media that comes without a sense of community. Because of this, I expect to see new social features and potentially even a new social platform that takes advantage of niche-based social feeds and maybe even builds direct pipes for social into private communities. Think of this like the evolution of the Facebook group, but completely reimagined for this era. Now, I can't say for sure what this is going to look like, but I expect something to come out that will take advantage of the lack of digital community that we're seeing across social platforms today. And when it does, again, you're going to want to be ready. And the way to be ready to take advantage of this is to start building your own private community today. You want to be using social platforms to ramp people from public social feeds into private communities. I'm telling you, that will pay huge dividends later. You want to start that now. All right. And my last prediction for new social platforms is that I expect to see a zag to the zigg of AI content. It's no secret if you've been following along with AI developments. Veo3, Higsfield, Free Pick, Hey Genen, this AI content is no joke and is already indistinguishable from the human-made versions. Now, the truth is no one is really sure what's going to happen to human creators when the emergence of AI content increases to the point where the humans get drowned out. But I suspect something new is going to emerge. With every action, there is an equal and opposite reaction. So whether it's a human-only verified feed or a human-on only verified platform, something will emerge to combat the evolution of AI content. This will probably be blockchainbased and require some sort of digital verification to verify you're a human. Either way, regardless of what this is or how it works, we're going to see a lot of new changes coming to social platforms and the invention of new ones in the next few years. And like I said before, the one regret I have is that if I could have gone back and went harder during those early eras, I would have. So you really want to be ready and alert for when these things happen. Now, if I am the one you like to follow for social media growth, the best thing you can be doing during this era is using Sandcastles. Sand castles is basically my content brain. All these YouTube videos and all my thinking on content distilled into a super tool that you can access 24/7. It allows you to import and analyze all the videos from the best channels you follow across Instagram, Tik Tok, and YouTube. You can then find the best performing videos in aggregate and start to figure out the trends and patterns that are working. This is my cheat code for how I make so much content so quickly. What I like to do on Sandcastles is find the top performing outlier videos over the last 3 months from a list of creators that I trust and then reverse engineer which topics are working. I do this every single day and this saves me hours on the research side and also derisks my effort so that I make winners more often. You can think of Sandcastle kind of like one of 10 or Vid IQ but specifically for short form social media, Instagram, Tik Tok, and YouTube Shorts. And we've also got a ton of other features that make sense for social that doesn't make sense for YouTube. I'm telling you, this is everything I know put into a tool at the cutting edge. If you want to give it a try for free, I've got a link below. I also linked a ton of free tutorials on how to use it. It's kind of like a free miniourse. my gift to you in the description. All right, the second major social media trend that I think is going to emerge big over the next few years is creator moes. During all previous eras of social media, all you needed to do was post consistently and be active. That was the only moat that you needed to win. And this was because, as shocking as this sounds, in 2025, people still were dramatically underestimating the value that came from building a personal brand on social media. So, not that many people actually did it, and there was a huge supply demand mismatch. Well, unfortunately, in 2025, the cat seems to be officially out of the bag. It's clear that in the last 12 to 18 months, most individuals and all brands have woken up to the fact that building an organic audience is the most valuable marketing asset you could develop. And because of that, we have seen a lot of new players enter the social media and content game in that period. I don't know about you, but when I scroll the feed, I am consistently seeing banger videos from new people I've never seen before. there are dozens of new faces I'm getting exposed to every day and I often think to myself, damn, there are a lot of good creators out there now. Well, that feeling, if you feel it too, is there for a reason. The supply of good creators that know how to use a phone, they can tell a story, they can edit, is increasing exponentially. And so, if you want to win in the next era of social media, just showing up and posting consistently is not going to be enough to cut through because instead of three people making content in a given niche, today it's 30 and tomorrow with AI content, it's going to be 3,000. So, in this next era, it'll be extremely important to define your niche positioning and build a durable creator moat. Now, when I say moat, what I mean is the difference between your personal brand in a category and everyone else's in the viewer's mind. Here's how I think about creator modes. They're really a combination of these five things. First is your topic niche. What topic do you actually make content about? Number two is visual format, and this is kind of the full package for how you visualize your videos. Both the layout and the visuals you use themselves. Number three is your storytelling style. And this is how you present information and structure your ideas in a story flow that people can follow. Number four is the personality and vibe. Beyond the topic, beyond the story, and beyond the visual packaging, how do you come across as a vibe through the content? Right? So, this is the fourth bucket. And number five is X factor. And this really is the one of one thing about you, your special ability that you can add as an element or icing or a layer to the rest that makes you different from everyone else. Personality and vibe is the way you come across. The X factor is the thing about you that's different from everyone else. So these five elements combine together to create your signature style and unlock your creator moat. In this next era, it will not be enough to just make tech breakdowns or day- in the life gym videos. You're going to need to build a visual-driven aesthetic and a signature style that pops in someone's mind when they think of the topic category. Now, some creators already had a signature style and were good at this from the jump. That's why they grew so fast. But before, you didn't need to have it. Now, in the next era, Creator Moes' signature styles are going to become table stakes where if you don't have it, you just won't be able to cut through. Now, if you want me to make another video breaking down a bunch of the signature styles that I like across different categories and what the components are for how they make it up, let me know in the comments and I'll do that. All right. Now, here's social media trend number three. If I could go all in on a single concept for social media growth over the next 3 years, it would be this, a sticky personal brand. Because I think this framework is going to be the most important building block of marketing in the AI era. A sticky personal brand is one that implants in a viewer's mind so that they proactively seek it out again in the future. It's the difference between a viewer stumbling upon your video in the feed and remembering you verse them actively searching out because they want to hear your opinion on a topic. Here's the truth. In a world of noise, it's not just signal that matters. What matters is signal that sticks in the viewer's brain long enough to convert to their long-term memory so they remember to go back a second time. While creator modes are the framework for getting your content to feel signature and stand out, a sticky personal brand is the reason why a viewer remembers to go back in the future. It sticks in their head. And here's why this concept matters so much in the next era. In a world of AIdriven content, it will be much, much harder for someone to stumble upon your content on accident. I alluded to this metaphor in a previous video, but imagine it like this. Think of all creators on social media like little bodies walking around a giant warehouse floor. you, as the viewer, go up to the catwalk on the third level and look down to see all the creators walking around. Now, if I asked you to find the person in the red shirt, could you do it? You probably could, cuz there's only 100 people walking around. There's only a few wearing red at all. And so, you could easily pick that person out and zoom in. Today, stumbling upon someone on the social media feed is kind of like looking down at that warehouse and seeing the hundred people. If you scroll enough, you're going to see them because there's only a hundred people making content. But in the AI content world, there will be 10,000 people on the warehouse floor, hundreds of which are wearing different shades of red. You won't just be able to stumble upon a specific person as easily. If you're swiping, it will take 10,000 swipes just to find the right person. You have to actively be seeking them out. This is why having a sticky personal brand, or in other words, a shirt color that someone actively looks to remember is so important. The feeds are going to be full of amazing videos. So many good videos, it will boggle your mind. So, what you'll need is for fans to want to proactively seek you out and have a way to do so. The same way you look forward to watching your favorite TV show at 8:00 p.m. every Sunday. The act of getting people to seek will be the difference between winning and losing on social media in the future. So, your only job is to build a personal brand sticky enough so that viewers actually want to seek you out. And so, the question really is, how do you build a personal brand that is sticky? And how do you become such a mainstay in your category that viewers want to hear your opinion over everyone else's? And the answer is to build a cult-like personal brand. Now, I recently made a video deep diving on the full playbook for how to build a cult-like personal brand. And I'll link that video below. It's basically a step-by-step for exactly the type of content that you need to make in order to achieve this stickiness around your personal brand. But just know this, if you don't have a personal brand that people actively are seeking out, you're going to have trouble winning in the next era of social media. All right, the fourth social media trend I'm seeing is the shift from quality first to quantity first when it comes to content strategy. Now, there's an ongoing debate between creators about which content strategy is best. Should you focus on making more posts at a lower quality or should you focus on making fewer posts at a higher quality? It's the quantity versus quality debate. Some people claim that quality doesn't matter at all. You just post a ton of quantity and you're just guaranteed to win by law of math. Others claim that quality definitely matters and if you make less but have the time to increase the quality, you'll win more often and it'll be worth it. Now, this seems like a trivial debate, but this is one of those things that I feel the most people get stuck overthinking on. So, it's worth breaking down. Personally, I have flip-flopped on this several times, but I believe for the first time in a long time, we are shifting from a quantity first era to a quality first era when it comes to content strategy. Now, let me explain what I mean. Taking a quantity first approach, just making high volume works when you don't know which videos are going to go viral. If you truly don't know and you're just waiting for random luck to strike, then yes, higher quantity always makes sense cuz you'll get more winners sooner. Now, a quality first approach makes sense when you do know which videos are going to go viral. And if you know how to make something go viral, you just need a little bit more time to execute on it well, then taking a quality first approach with less reps is actually better. If that's you, your goal should be to make as many reps as you can, as long as they're above whatever the quality bar you know they have to be in order to work. Now, you may be thinking, how could someone know which videos are going to go viral? And the answer is, if you just remake the ones that have already worked, your hit rate is going to go up. And the truth is, for everyone using sand castles to basically find the winners faster, that's what they've been saying to me. Their hit rate's just gone way up because they're using a research-driven data first process to find winners to choose their ideas. Now, when I initially started making content, I bought into the quality first approach. Instead of making seven videos per week, I only made three, but I tried to make the quality better. I put more time in. And the reason I did that is because I was a perfectionist. I liked spending a lot of time on fewer things, and I really didn't want to make more videos. So, that was the narrative I told myself. But then, as I began to study social media more like a scientist, I realized that the right answer was actually quantity first. And that was because in that era, 2023, 2024, we were still in a supply and demand mismatch. there just wasn't enough good supply to meet the demand. So, me spending an incremental hour or two to go from 9 out of 10 quality to 10 out of 10 wasn't worth it. It'd be better if I just made two 9 out of 10 videos instead of one. But now, as we head into this AIdriven era of social media, I think we're shifting back to where quality first is the better strategy. And by this, what I really mean specifically is if you make any quantity that's below a minimum viable quality threshold, all of those videos are going to fail. So, it's not worth taking a quantity first strategy if that means you have to drop your quality down in order to get that volume out. Now, here's why I believe going forward in 2025 and beyond, quality first matters more. The feed is now full of really good content. There are a ton of good creators now making a ton of good videos. And this is only the beginning. As AI content gets better, I expect the amount of good videos to go up a thousandx in the next 3 years. This means that the average viewer is inundated with more and more good content. And so their baseline for what average is is slowly drifting up. If the baseline content was a 3 out of 10, well then as long as you beat the baseline, you could cut through. That baseline is now drifting from 3 to 4 to 5 to 6. and now it's up at 7 or 8 out of 10. People have seen so much good content that anything worse fails automatically. So, in order to have your content continue to cut through in the next era, it's either going to need to be exceptionally well-made, extremely unique, or both, or it's just going to flop automatically. The truth is, the average filler volume stuff did work in the past few years and has continued to work up until around now. Moving forward, it will not because the baseline is increasing. So, I don't care if you post 30 videos per week, 10 videos per week, or two videos per week. If they're below a 7 out of 10 quality, they're going to fail. The viewer's eye is just trained to filter out stuff that doesn't look as good as what the baseline is. Now, I'll say this. There is a time in your creator arc where quantity first makes sense as the right strategy. And that time is at the very beginning when your skills are at a zero. You need to close the gap from 0 out of 10 to 7 out of 10 quality. And the best way to close that gap is more quantity. So, here's what I recommend for most people. I'll say it super specifically so it eliminates all confusion. When you're starting out, you have zero content skills. That means your quality is a 0 out of 10 and your quantity is a 0 out of 10. In order to get any video to cut through, you have to get the quality up to a 7 out of 10. Anything below that will fail. Now, the best way to improve your quality skills up to a seven is to make a ton of quantity between zero and seven. The more quantity you make, the faster those skills increase, as long as you're learning between reps. I call this your learning era. The goal during the learning era is not to grow and hit bangers. It's to increase your skills up to a seven out of 10 so that you can enter the game. Now, when I say do as much quantity to get to 7 out of 10 quality, what do I mean? Do as much quantity means make as many videos as you can where you can learn between reps. If you make one video a week, your skills are going to develop 7 to 10 times slower than someone making a video every day. Now, when I say 7 out of 10 quality, what do I really mean? Because I understand the word quality is very subjective and fuzzy. 7 out of 10 is very subjective. What does that actually mean? If you were to line up 10 videos on the exact same topic, 1 to 10, are you at least the seventh, eth, ninth, or tenth best video? That's a 7 out of 10. What does this really mean in practice? If you think about the content workflow, idea, scripting, recording, editing, posting that workflow, are you doing all the things you think you can be doing from a tips and strategies perspective in each bucket? That is about a 7 out of 10. So, what I mean by that is, are you using some validated process to find ideas, or are you just picking random stuff? For scripting, are you using a storytelling framework and a hook framework that's proven to work, or you just picking random stuff? For editing, are you using a visual format that's proven to work, or you just picking random stuff? For recording, are you recording in a clean background that looks high quality with 4K footage, or are you just half-hazardly shooting some blurry thing with no background and poor lighting? Those are the table stakes that get you around 7 out of 10. Now, at seven out of 10, you will look at a creator that you really admire. Maybe it's me, maybe it's someone else, and you'll still notice a difference. That's okay. Those people are at nine or 10 out of 10, and you're at a seven. But if you're not doing those table stakes things, your quality is probably below a 7 out of 10, and you should be doing them. Now, once you feel like your quality on a single rep is at 7 out of 10, you're doing all the things you think you should, but you're still not sure why your stuff does not look like the creators you admire, good, you're at a 7 out of 10. Now, your job is to increase quantity up to one video per day while maintaining 7 out of 10 quality. Do not dip below 7 out of 10 quality cuz as we've mentioned, anything below that will fail immediately. Your goal is to figure out how can I get to one video per day at 7 out of 10 quantity. That's like metric benchmark number one. Now, once you get there and you get comfortable, you'll already be in the top 1 to 2% of creators. If you're making seven 7 out of 10 videos per week, you will crush. However, you'll want your video quality to be better. That's natural with every creator. So, you're going to want to go up from 7 to 9 out of 10. Now, when you do that, you're going to have to spend more time per rep trying to figure out those icing details. You're going to want to spend a couple more hours per video. When you do that, your quantity is going to drop from seven down to two or three per week. That's okay. You get your quality up to 9 out of 10, and then slowly you increase that quantity until you get to the point where you're making one video a day at 9 out of 10 quality. When you can get there, your videos will be almost indistinguishable from anyone else on the internet and your quantity will be outpacing them. That's how you win. The key difference with this whole section, my shift from quantity to quality is to say this. Anything below a 7 out of 10 quality will not work today and in the future. And so, if you were taking a quantity first 20 videos a week, super big volume approach, that's not going to work unless those videos are above a 7 out of 10 quality. All right, social media trend number five is the emergence of more testing when it comes to organic video content. We're entering an era where content scientists that can run micro tests and AB compare different things will outperform artists. We're shifting from artists to scientists. I've talked about this before. Now, the most important feature in this category that Instagram released in the last 12 months is called trial reels. And if you don't know what trial reels are, this is the most slept on social feature on the entire internet. Essentially, trial reels allows you to run concurrent tests of lookalike videos at the same time to nonfollowers. It's basically like Instagram letting you run free ads as much as you want. So, let's say you're making a video about Meta's new Ray-B band glasses. You spent a ton of time on this video, but you're just not sure if the hook you made is going to perform. And as we know, as soon as a viewer churns, nothing matters after that point. So, it's really important to dial the hook in. What you can do is make five different slight variations of the video. same exact body but five different hooks, whether it's what you say or the visuals you show. You can then post all five of these variations as different trial reels at the same time. Whichever one performs the best, you can then release that as the main one you post. Now, trial reels work so well because Instagram doesn't put those five trial reels on your profile. So, it's not like your grid is going to show the same video five different times. They also don't show those videos to people that already follow you. So, only strangers are seeing the different variations. It's a true ABCDE test. And it's honestly insane how few people talk about using trial reels because essentially what this allows you to do is test video hooks for free with zero risk. If you spend 4 hours making a video, well, it's worth spending an extra 30 minutes to film four additional hooks so that you can double or triple the output and make that effort worth it. This will help you have a much higher hit rate on your videos without having to remake a full other one. And if you think about it, that's really the goal of marketing. How do we get the most possible reach with the least possible effort? And if we can take actions to derisk that effort, even better. Now, if you think about it, all other forms of marketing have extensive testing built in natively. Most email marketing has A versus B versus C headline testing. Paid ads are basically one giant set of tests. You're running a ton of ads trying to see what works and double down. YouTube has A versus B vers thumbnail testing. But until trial reels, organic short form video really had no component where you could test without making a full video. You kind of just had to make the whole thing, post it, and then hope it works. So the takeaway is that I think this test first approach is going to come to organic video content more in the next few years. For example, imagine if you made a YouTube video like this, but you could upload three different CTAs that would automatically get slotted in and they could AB test the performance. Whichever one was best, that's the video that ended up getting released. I think we are not very far away from having a really robust testing process when it comes to organic video content. So for now, my tactical guidance to you if you're watching this video is this. If you make short form video on Instagram, you need to be using trial reels. It's a huge cheat code. All right, the last social trend number six is what I call R&D content teams. Over the past few years, we've quietly watched the emergence of an entire new class of content native marketers. These are people that grew up with social media and just default understand short form video, the algorithm, and attention. It is baked into their DNA. These people have learned over the past few years to become clippers, Tik Tok shop affiliates. A lot of them are making 20 to $50,000 per month just making short form videos from home. Now, here's where this gets interesting and why this is such a valuable trend. The future of Brand Social is going to be building pools of these cracked content natives that work as gun for hire mercenaries that can push any brand you want. Now, I've made a video in the past breaking down how brands are starting to build out these pools of creators. If you want that, I will link it below. But the truth is, brands on the forefront already have Discord and Slack communities full of these people that are upside helping crack the content code and feeding it to each other. In the future, every brand is going to have a head of content that spearheads the R&D. And if that person doesn't make content already and doesn't have at least 100,000 followers, they're the wrong hire. Once that person is in place, they will disseminate a strategy for how to activate these pods. They're testing feeding the pods. The pods are testing feeding them. And there's a recursive loop of learning over and over. Content is no longer a spoke of marketing. Content is the marketing flywheel. And everything else are just spokes that feed the content. So, if you're a CMO or a founder of a brand, this content pod strategy is going to become a critical piece of your marketing mix moving forward. It's so important that I believe brands are going to start hiring creator in residence positions that are these R&D savages that can run these pods. Now, if you're interested in me making another video for how brands should build out these content R&D pods, let me know and I can do that. All right, guys. That is all I've got for this video. We covered the six biggest social media trends that I see coming up over the next few years that you can take advantage of. As always, guys, I'm trying my absolute best to bring new stuff every week that gives you a leg up on everyone else when it comes to the content game. If you're a business owner and you like this video, you like getting these tips, you like the way I break things down, you should definitely join Wavy World. It's my free community specifically for entrepreneurs, we've got 65 free tutorials and trainings just like this in there that are sequenced so that you can improve your content the fastest. We have 33,000 entrepreneurs that are all helping each other improve their content. It's really a great community and it's better than most paid programs that people have. So, if you want to join that for free, I've got a link in the description below. We will see you guys on the next video. Peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @cc3822 [2 likes]: I have created a new platform. I started creating it back in 2014. I'm hoping people find it useful. Its going to be alot healthier than the garbbage thats out there.
  2. @HarrisonAbraham-l2d [1 likes]: Imagine a social media app with auto scroll but plays audios just like TikTok but waveform and wave videos 
Hello guys I want your feedback on such an app how would you feel with your headphones on and leave your phone in the bed room take your earbuds and listening to funny audio shorts , speeches or live streams as the app auto scrolls without the need of you holding your phone 

Please leave a comment
  3. @zachenger248: 9
  4. @Beirex: The irony that since US TikTok has happened, creators are bringing in less money than ever…
  5. @MariaG-rk2in: There hasn’t been a new social platform in forever!
  6. @kanikarawat3091: the “r&d content team” thing hit me. like cool, so now every small biz needs a lab AND a camera? also i’m not letting Gainsty become another dashboard i ignore.
  7. @SANKI44_5K: the trends you mentioned are spot on
  8. @ARYAN_BHAIYT: wasn't expecting that insight tbh
  9. @kevimcarrion2656: whoa new platforms? this is wild
  10. @nihithareddy9768: i gotta check out sandcastles for real
  11. @shilpyjaman: this is wild, can't wait to see what's next
  12. @subscriber1k-y5v: i feel like i need to start prepping for this
  13. @Kapil-n4d1g: lowkey loved your take on the trends 👍
  14. @khosaBaloch-e1w: whoa didn't expect new platforms to pop up so soon
  15. @SmileSmile-c9f1h: the “r&d content team” thing hit me. like cool, so now every small biz needs a lab AND a camera? also i’m not letting Gainsty become another dashboard i ignore.
  16. @mabe7368: This "us tiktok" thing, for me, as an european..... it even sounds orwellian.... scary. Controlled feed, the gov would be able to tweak it to their advantage. Damn, the mass manipuation is going heavy with this one.
  17. @impulzask: Im building something what is gonna change how SM works :) come to this comment in 2 years
  18. @dbluefactory: What is it with these content creators today, copying each others idiotic hand gestures. Just stop it will you?!?!
  19. @dbluefactory: Would you stop with the annoying hand gestures, its not authentic!!
  20. @RCShaft: Well defined the future of content creators , thank you so much 👌🔥🔥

- What's Working Now with Meta Ads & How to Prepare For The Future of Direct Response Advertising: Kind: captions Language: en What's up, y'all? How are you feeling? Nick just open-looped me in true marketing fashion. Sat there with my butterflies. Austin, Texas, baby. Y'all have fun last night? I got to live in Austin back in my 20s and I think I have a little PTSD. I think I'm still hungover from that and it's been almost 10 years, so >> [laughter] >> bless us. Y'all having fun? Lots of men here. Where are my ladies? Woo! Okay, we've got some ladies. Sorry, Nick. I love you. I think we attract the ladies at Smart Marketer. You attract the bros. I'm try- I'm not trying to. >> I do my best. >> I'm saying it's just who you are. Even worse. >> a knock. Um all right, y'all. You ready? Cool, let's do it. So, I've got a little mix of a presentation here, which is going to be fun. About 70% of this is Meta Ads. Who's struggling a little bit in the past month or two with Meta? Sure y'all talked about that. Nobody? Just three of you? Holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] All right, I'll I'll get down from here. Uh you should run my agency. >> Uh and then at the end we're going to talk about AEO, which is a new service that we just started offering at Smart Marketer. We've got a team of 12 badass AEO specialists out there doing it every day, figuring out how to rank in these LLMs. So, I'll close out with a little bit of info on that. What's up, dude? Good to see you guys. Uh but I'm Molly. Most importantly, this is Larry. Actually adopted Larry here in Austin from Austin Pets Alive. Has anyone ever been to that shelter? Y'all, it is the coolest dog shelter that has ever existed. Matthew McConaughey is their spokesperson. You should go visit. Larry looks much older than this now. He's jealous that I'm in Texas, but I took him to one of our Smart Marketer events a few years and he bit someone. So, Larry has retired from marketing events. Uh John, my business partner, told me our insurance was not good enough to bring Larry to events anymore. So, um it's really cool. This is very full circle for me. I actually grew up in Kentucky, small town, moved to Austin, Texas back in 2012, didn't own a laptop, had no idea what the hell I wanted to do with my life. I found an ad on Craigslist. That sounds creepier now than it was then. Uh for a marketing internship with Ryan Deiss and Digital Marketer. I took that internship, ended up with a full-time position, totally changed my life. That's what really got me into this space. Now, I own a company called Smart Marketer with Ezra Firestone. I see his face here. He is not here, but he would like that. John in the back uh and our Dutch friend Pep. Um but yeah, I never meant to get into this, which is wild. Uh actually thought I would be in the alcohol industry, but that is a story for another time. Uh I also run a dog rescue. So, I lived in Austin, moved to Colorado, moved to Amsterdam, moved back to Kentucky, uh and I have a dog rescue now called Fields of Freedom. If you ever want to talk nonprofits, it is the most fulfilling thing I've ever done in my life. All of you are sitting here because you have business skill sets, you have marketing skill sets. Those can be used for other reasons than making money. How about that? >> Uh and it will give you an energy source and a level of fulfillment that you cannot get from a for-profit business. So, if you take nothing away from this, think about a problem that you want to solve in the world and use the amazing skill sets that got you here to solve that problem. So, we save hundreds of dogs every year from euthanasia at local shelters. I have a farm where they stay. It is really wild. It is a whole other part of my life. If you're interested, I'll be around all day if you want to talk about it. Um I also own a restaurant. Anyone in here have a local business? One person, two people. Don't miss out on local, especially in this AI world. That's never going away. So, local business is what is up. And then just a few more things about Smart Marketer. We have a few pieces to our business. One is an agency. We also own over 15 of our own businesses, e-com, local, SaaS. So, if you're doing it, we probably have some sort of experience in that business type. And then we take all of that information. We have events. We provide services for people. Um so, it's a really really fun thing that we do. Uh and we have over 60 amazing marketers on our team. So, if you ever want to talk about leadership, hiring, that's where I spend a lot of my day-to-day. Sound good? All right. So, before we dive into the information, if you've ever learned from myself or Ezra before, you have heard this, but this is the secret sauce to business that most people are missing. Uh this is the mantra of our company. This is the mantra of the um living experiment that Ezra grew up on in California. And this is how we operate every single day. This is how we hire. This is how we do marketing. And it's really simple. Serve the world unselfishly and profit. And essentially that means if you are of service to a group of people, if you wake up every day, and that is what you think about, right? That is the place in which you are coming from when you go about your day-to-day work, you will profit. It will work out for you. And unfortunately, most people have that switched. It's all about the money. This becomes unfulfilling. They have no longevity in this industry, which you have to have. Um and then things don't work out the way that you want. So, remember this always. Also, uh my dad died last year unexpectedly. I was with him the night before. We had a big time. He went home dead in his garage. And if you knew him, this was perfectly him. It was like the best way for him to die. And this has totally changed my life and the way I think about what we do. And business is important. This stuff is also very addicting. You can spend your whole life in front of that screen. And just remember there's so much more to life. And there will be a last moment that you have with every single person that you know. Think about the people that you love right now. You will have a last moment with them. And you might not know that it's coming. Or you might know that it's coming. And send to yourself in that every morning and remind yourself of what's important. So, we laughed, we cried. You all ready to talk about marketing stuff? >> Let's do it. Okay. So, the best way that I can sum up where we're going in this industry, there's really only one way to lose. When we're looking at Meta, we're looking at where things are going with AI, and the only way to lose is to not be of service to a group of people. So, the people that are sitting in this room that are selling a product or service, and that's the only way in which you think of it, right? I sell this thing. I sell this widget. If you do not shift that mindset, if you do not shift that strategy, you will not be in business in 5 years. Your thought process should be I service this group of people and I sell them this widget, and those widgets will change over time, but I am at a service to this group of people, and that is really the uh foundation of this entire presentation. So, let's first dive into Meta advertising. So, again, who is kind of struggling right now? Who has seen a down flip? Okay, a little bit more hands. Yeah, there have been lots of changes. I've been running Meta ads for 14 years now, and the last year has probably been the most interesting that I've seen of my career, but for me, the most exciting. And everybody wants to talk about Andromeda. Oh my god, this is about campaign structure. This is about the new way of doing things, right? Squishing everything into one or two campaigns versus the old way of doing things with hundreds of ad sets and everything segmented. I'm not going to talk about that today. That's what everyone's talking about, and when we research this, we look at our businesses, we look at our ad accounts, we're still about half and half, and it's interesting. Some accounts are using both structures, which sounds contradictory, but it's true. Some of our accounts are really working in a consolidated approach for a few months, and then we need to switch to a more segmented approach. Not going to go too deep here, but I just want to present the idea that everything that you see on Twitter is not always true. >> Uh and everything that Meta says is not always true, and just consolidating your campaign structure is not going to fix your business. And when we look at the idea of Andromeda, this was really just a simple yet complicated change that Meta made and everyone panic. So John and I the last 12 years when something changes in the industry, give it to me. Panic. That's what everybody does. They spend their time panicking instead of actually solving the problem and it's like, okay guys, this is just an upgraded system. This is not that big of a deal. There's so much more at play here which most know and are way nerdier at this than I am. You got Jim, you got Lattice, you've got sequence learning, all of this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that Meta's doing. But really what changed with Andromeda was the way in which Meta is showing ads to users. Back to that whole thing about having a market or multiple markets of people in which you are servicing with your business, right? When we think about the real changes, it was less in the way that we think around campaign structure, way more in the way that filter or ads are filtered and then served to groups of people. So what does this mean? What do we do about it? One of the biggest changes as most of you know is that Meta is really learning leaning into context, right? Meaning, how can we extract as much information from the assets in which the advertisers are submitting to figure out who the hell to show ads to? Everyone's talking about creative diversification. Yes, that matters but it's mostly misunderstood. You have to think about the way Meta's doing this in terms of clusters. I don't know why I really like that word. I'm like, yeah, clusters. [gasps] >> So an example of this would be a topic which is very obvious. This is like the most obvious way in which most people understand this. I'm selling skin care, I'm selling a tool or offer type. I was just talking to the guys at Groove. Where where are you all? All the way from Tennessee, somewhere here. They said, "Oh, a big change we made last year was eliminating discounts, and that really helped us with our paid ads." And it's like, yeah, you were able to get out of that cluster of people that meta know wants discounts. Just by changing your offer structure, you have now completely changed your advertising strategy. Obviously, creative style, and this is what everyone's so hung up on. We have to have diversification, so we're going to change the style, but that's just one small piece of this. Um and then, of course, you have to factor in the audience and all of the signals in which meta is getting from humans, which Think about how many times most of us log on to meta every single day. Think about I mean, they have millions of data points on each of us. Almost everything we're doing on the web right now, meta knows, right? What we're buying, of course, what we're reading, how long we're reading, how long we're watching. But the most overlooked part of this that our industry is missing is what they're calling daily context. The idea that they know that I like dogs, that's very obvious. My whole newsfeed is dogs all day, every day, which I'm cool with, and some other marketing things. Yes, they're looking at what we're interested in, what we're buying, but they're also looking at the context of our life. They know this is not true, but Molly is on the subway every day from 5:00 to 5:32, and because she is sitting and she is in a long session on her phone, she is more likely to consume a longer sales page than she is in the morning, right? When she's quick and when she's on and off the app. That is just one simple example of context, but we as advertisers, we're always looking for the winner, right? What works best? We're not necessarily thinking about building assets that meet different parts of people's daily life, the different scenarios that they might be in that would change whether they're served an ad just because of the context of why they're on the app or the desktop. Does that make sense to you guys? This is huge. This is a big change over the last year. This daily context used to not really be factored into what was going on. It's a huge part of the game moving forward. So Meta might look at you and what's your name? Jacob. So Jacob, you might currently be behaving like someone who engages with cluster 847 UGC fitness discount ads. It's a simple example. And add-on that they know that at this time of day you're usually only on the app for a certain amount of time, so they're going to show you an offer page that's a bit shorter or easier to navigate than what they would if they knew you were going to be on for longer. It's a really, really fascinating. So as you all know, this is all about strong inputs. This is what we have left, right? This is no longer 2012. Unfortunately, uh we can't control everything on the platform. So what do we do? We focus on our inputs as most of you know. Um so while everyone's in Andromeda land focused on campaign structure, we're going back to the basics. Creative, copy, offer. This is really all we have left. That sounds negative. We get to have these things. Let's re- reposition that. Uh but changing your campaign structure isn't going to fix your business overnight, right? You might consolidate, see good results for a few months. That is not sustainable. Okay, it's not going to fix anything. Quit quit obsessing over that. It's definitely not going to fix bad marketing, which you all are in this room, so you are not bad marketers. Um so, our success is the ability to produce assets that are not only strong from a marketing perspective, but fit this new world of the data that Meta is looking at for all of us. So, if you didn't know, this is a really fascinating part of this, and a part of these updates is the way that Meta is reading, or think about it, ingesting it, like it's eating it, it's ingesting it, it's learning has gotten so much stronger the last year, especially in these three different areas. So, the ability to ingest an image or a video and turn that into written word, to understand what that thing means. Of course, text has always been easy for them to ingest, but that's something that's gotten a lot stronger. And then audio and speech, which has been a huge improvement. The ability to take a 5-minute UGC video, and not just look at it from "It's a woman, she's on a farm", but she has a country accent, she's talking really fast, so we think she has urgency. She mentioned her age. Actually looking at the pacing and the tone of the delivery to figure out who they should show this ad to. It's really fascinating, super exciting, and Meta doesn't need us to tell them if an ad is emotional now, or is it educational, is it motivation? They know, right? They are using these new tools that they have strengthened to understand this. So, we won't have to get too nerdy. If you are a nerd like me and you want to go study this later, it's really about these three different areas now. So, we have vision that we talked about. So, this is turning the raw pixels into descriptive words that Meta can use, right? The colors, objects, motion. So, an example of this, um as we have a brand, I don't have my phone safe sleeve. Anyone have a safe sleeve? It's a really cool brand. Check it out. It blocks your EMF uh exposure. It also gives you a nice little cover for your phone. Anyway, sales pitch. Uh these examples are from Safe Sleeve. So, it sees that your ad has a calm color palette. That might appeal to someone that's nurturing, right? A mother is holding a child. A product is near the face. This is starting to tag as nurturing. Family, emotional safety. Isn't that wild? Like, this is so next level, guys. All right, the language encoders. So, this is converting your copy, your captions that we talked about, the text into something that's meaningful. So, for Safe Sleeve, Meta would understand that, you know, feel confident knowing your phone is safe. That sits close in the vector space, in the clusters, to a reassurance ad. So, we're going to show that to someone that tends to engage with things that reassure them. That is how Meta is looking at this. It's not just mother-child. It's literally about how safe I feel as a human being, and how safe I have told Meta through my actions that I feel. Fascinating. And then you have how do we get the visuals, the text, the audio, how do we kind of squish all of that together? So, a video of someone testing EMF exposure, and a static image, right? So, both of these, even being different creative formats, those would be clustered into the same group of, you know, people that are interested in radiation-blocking cases. So, really starting to understand text, tone, pacing, every single thing that you are submitting to Meta, it's not just being indexed on a basic level. This is like true human psychology, true human need. Um and I went backwards. Okay, this screenshot is not really important. This is just a reminder to tell me to talk to you about something. We forget, and if you've learned with me ever, I've always been about the offer. I've always been about the page since I started in marketing. It's my favorite part of the paid advertising experience. And I was a little bit like, "Mhm, what's going to happen with this as we move into this new realm?" And John and I have been surprised to find that this is more important than it's ever been. And there are a few reasons for this. So, we understand that the assets that we submit are really the only control that we have left. And we have found that your page is actually the most important asset in terms of meta indexing in all the ways that I just showed you in figuring out what the hell to do with your advertising. So, we started to realize this for Smart Marketer a few months ago. We were running We were doing a launch in true internet marketing fashion for this free Andromeda class. I'll give it to you guys. I'll give it to Nick and email it out to you all. That doesn't matter. But, we were running a six-way split test. It was a pretty cool split test. So, we were running a few different page variations that were more format obvious. So, short page versus long page. And then, of course, we were running some different marketing messages, different images, different copy. So, we're wanting to test more of that contextual experience we were talking about. And then, of course, we want to test marketing messaging like we always have. All right, John and I have literally done this same launch style together for 14 years. Like, the same thing over and over again, change the content. So, we're running the test, rock and roll. We have a page winner, of course. It's like, all right, V3 is winning. So, usually, once we reach statistical significance, we'll call the test. All right, call the winner. Let's go roll with that page. And then the campaign will start to scale. Meta has one page to focus on. We know it's the winner. It's converting the highest. Let's roll. Well, for the first time in my career, we cut the test. Bam. The campaign, like, it just starts to go to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm like, oh my god, this has never happened. What is happening, John, who is the data side of my brain? And what we started to figure out, and that we are now further verifying through tests, especially in the e-commerce space, was that our thought process around pages, and even something like split testing, is way too simplified. This is not 2015 any longer. And what was happening was that it wasn't really a split test. Meta was using the different variations of the page to show which page was most relevant to the right person based off of who they were, cuz we had all the avatars listed on the page in different variations. And most importantly, the context of what they knew that person was doing in that moment. All right, this person's only going to be on the app for a minute, we'll show them the short page. This person's going to be here for a minute, we'll show them the long page. Turn the split test back on, which it's no longer a split test. It is just a mechanism to give Meta more assets at this point. Guess what? Bam, we're back up and rolling. And so, I tell you this story for a few reasons. Pages are important. You've always known this. Meta is weighting your pages more than they are your copy and creative. I promise you this. We have to think about our pages now in terms of how am I giving Meta the most variations to work with? Who's seen the little box in Ads Manager now that's like let Meta show any page from my website, basically is what it says. Has Have any of you all seen it? It works terribly. It's absolutely terrible. Don't do it. But it shows you that this is true and it shows you that this will continue to be built out inside of the platform. Something else that's really important about this, guys. We're calling these hybrid pages and this works in e-com, too. You see the want to know more button right there below the three blocks? This was the short version of our page. When you click want to know more, it basically just opens the rest of the page. There's like 10 more scrolls. There's a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ton of copy and creative. No one reads those. No one looks at the images or videos. But that is important now because that is essentially a way for us to stuff like old-school SEO stuff who used to be in SEO back in the day? Nobody? Okay, one dude thinks you get it. Um this is essentially a way to still give a short what whatever length page experience that you want to while stuffing the page full of contacts that is going to help Meta. So if you do nothing from this uh little story that we're telling, please start to think about even on your PDP pages, which we'll talk more about later. How can you add functionality to the page that might not even be visible to the end user unless they want to click and open it that is going to allow you to tell stories, to put more written word to describe your avatar, and put more images and videos. I promise you this will boost your Meta performance. It's just giving them more to work with and as we get to the AEO portion of things, you guys will see why this is even more important. So pages, play with them. It is one of the biggest levers you have right now. Here's another quick story. This is so simple. Sweet Flex, anyone heard of Sweet Flex? They're really cool brand. They have leggings with resistance bands built into them. So, when you wear them uh even if you don't work out, you burn 255 more calories a day than if you don't. It's like the best sales pitch you could ever have. Uh they're one of our clients. We've worked with them for 5 years. Amazing people. But, we were trying to test this idea in a more simplified way than the nerdy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that I So, on their homepage, it used to just be product imagery of different women with the leggings on. We were really trying to open up to the mom market. This was a huge like we knew there was something there, but we hadn't unlocked the avatar yet. So, we changed one image on the landing page. That's all we changed. Mother with son. Again, Meta's indexing this every time you submit ads. Guess what? Even though we had been trying mom ads for so long and they weren't converting, once we changed that image, bam! Now we had opened up that avatar. Really, really fascinating. So, start to play with this, guys. There is so much here, and it is just the beginning. And ad copy is the same. As most of you know, this is a really simple example from one of our senior media buyers, Attila. This is for a brand called Tactical Baby Gear. You guys got to check them out. They sell uh diaper bags, but for like masculine men, which is not really available in the market. We ran a campaign where we changed all of the copy to speak to women. This account for 10 years had really been speaking mostly to men. Just over the weekend, we went from 22 to 34% of our ads being shown to females to 83% of our ads being shown to females. no change in targeting, no change in anything other same video. >> Literally same creative. Everyone's freaking out about the creative. Same video. No change in targeting. Literally just changed the copy. That completely changed the audience signal. So, something else that you can play with other than creative. Now, of course, creative is still important. I'm not here to knock it. At our event in October, we had someone from Meta speak and she actually knows what she's doing. No knock to anyone from Meta if you're here, sorry. But, she really gets the game. She owned her own e-com business and something that she said really stood out to me and I hadn't thought of it in this way. But, she called creative a cost multiplier. She said, "If you have really good creative, we will literally subsidize your cost up to 50%. Like, that is how important this is to us." So, it's not just about success. This is not just about getting your ads to convert. This literally directly affects your CPMs. You look at an account like Tactical Baby Gear, check them out in Facebook ad library, amazing creative. They always have the lowest CPMs. So, just a quick little note that this isn't just something we need to do. This is also affecting or penalizing, right? You could think about this as a penalty. Your creative sucks, you're being penalized for that. Um so, think about this as a cost multiplier inside of your account. All right. So, now that I kind of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on creative, I want to talk about why it's important and kind of how we're thinking about this. So, at Smart Marketer and working with Meta and all the work that we do, this is how we are trying to achieve this elusive creative diversity on Meta in 2026. By the way, I'm going to give you guys all of these assets that I show with videos that show you how to use them if you want to put them into Claude or whatever you want to do with it. So, don't freak out about the actual templates. You're going to get them. So, this is what most people do. This is called our creative mix audit. We have a brand. We have all of the different video styles that are working for us right now that we don't have time to go through. We have every product that this brand has. And then, did we launch it? Did it work? Right? This is very much staying in the format game. This is where most people are playing right now. So, it's very important. This is how we plan what we're going to build, right? There's nothing wrong with this. But, if you are only staying in this format game, you do not have true diversity. Um and of course, we do this for static images also. Again, I'll give you all of these. But, what's really important? What's really important with creative diversity is the back end. What is that feedback loop after you have tested a creative? And everything that we just talked about with Andromeda, how are we actually measuring that? This is a question I've been asking our team for a year. All right, you tell me that they are, you know, indexing and looking at the tone of a video. That's cool. That sounds very cool. How the hell do we measure >> that? Like I don't know. I I did not have an answer. So, we gave this project to Ben Ben at our creative director who That's a whole side note, but we hired him as a junior media buyer. He was the worst media buyer ever in the history of time. But, he found his way with creative, and he's just a nerd with this stuff. And I said, "Okay, all the things in which we know Meta is indexing, digesting, I want you to build a system that measures those things. You guys will get a description of this system and the ability to copy it. Obviously, AI is being used to do this. But a few things I want to point out that should be a part of your creative feedback loop, that should be a part of your creative measurement context that we talked about, right? How can you use AI to figure out the context behind the asset? Create a way to organize that and then measure it. If you can do that, oh my god, now you have cracked the code. Now you have a way to measure something that is impossible to measure. Character analysis, right? Who actually is the person in the ad, right? How do we describe that more than woman with leggings on? >> What is a deeper way to do this? Story framework. What is the actual framework of the story we're telling in the ad? How do we measure it, right? How How do we actually tag these things? Secondary tone, angle summary, imagery, focus, motivator. Remember when we talked about what motivates people like deep down in their heart? You can measure that. You can actually index your creatives by motivators. Don't fall asleep on me, buddy, there in the the hockey uh jersey. Love you. >> You can actually measure and categorize different motivations and use that as a feedback loop. Then of course we're have the simple stuff we're all thinking about. Awareness level, like where is this in the funnel, what is the style, what is the persona. But I wanted to show you this. However you build it is up to you, but this is the future. If we're just looking at style, if we're just looking at persona, you're not actually getting the data that you need to inform the next iteration of what you should do. Make sense? Rock and roll. Cool. And then, once you have that information, by the way, I'm like the worst person to talk about AI, so if I sound really stupid about this topic, I am. So, you can be successful without being an AI nerd, by the way. Hire really smart people to do this. Um but Bend is now able to take what I just showed you and run really cool reports, right? Let's start to analyze things on a deeper level than just the format of the creative. Even things like the persona, where is the opportunity with avatars for us to scale on Meta? And then how can we start to look at cross variable analyses of what's actually working and what's not to tell us what to do. So, it's not just a feedback loop in one account, right? This isn't just we're selling kids journals, give me a feedback loop. Next set of creatives, next week, rock and roll. This is a big picture thing, right? This is all of us working together to try to take this black box that is Meta and figure out how the hell it actually works. So, you don't just want to be measuring and using this as a feedback loop, you also want to be using this as a way to try to figure out big picture how this black box is working. Make sense? Awesome. I talked about this with pages and a little bit with the copy. My heart loves this, by the way. Like being an old school marketer, this makes me so happy what I'm about to show you. When we analyze ad copy nowadays, I feel like we went to this very short form like trendy ad copy style, which can work. When we analyze all of our accounts right now, this is what's working. This is one ad, you all. That is the first screenshot. That is the second Is Is the longest ad copy you've ever seen? Like, we can't even read it. This is one ad. Isn't that wild? This is one ad. I love this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] It's like a VSL in written format. Like, who who would think that that would work? Why does it work? Well, you guys already know why it works. It works because we just gave Meta thousands of words of context on what to do with this ad. And of course, it's native. It looks real. It tells a story. Like, all the things we've always known about native ads. Like, that still works. But, why is this working even better than it has been working? Oh my god, because the input, instead of 30 words, there are thousands of words. This is one of Ezra's brands, Boom by Cindy Joseph. The media buyer on this, Jeremiah Allen, is just brilliant. And he is absolutely crushing it with and we see this across all accounts. You guys will get this. And most of the stories, this is very important. I do not want you to just think that you need to go and write 3,000 words about why your product is great. That is not going to work. These need to be story-based. So, this is a long long long story about this woman, Cindy Joseph, who's since passed away. RIP, Cindy. Long story about her, what she was going through in her life. Only at the very end do we even start to talk about what we're actually trying to sell. It's just a bunch of context in terms of who we are wanting to reach. Really, really easy to uh to mimic this. Definitely try this. But, like I said, over 50% of our highest converting ad copy right now is in this long-form. So, as I said, Meta rewards strong inputs. What is our job as media buyers now? What is our job as business owners? We're just creating really cool [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that has way more context than we have ever created. Right? Most people are still in this This drives me a little crazy, but still in this like what's the winner? Like my whole career I've heard that from the industry. Molly, what's better? Images versus videos. Okay, did this page win or did this page win? Our brains are so obsessed with that because it gives us clarity. Like I understand why we are like that, but we have to think opposite of that. Yes, we want winners. Yes, we want success, but the name of the game now is how do I create as many assets as I can that are all going to win? Maybe one converts a little bit more than the other, so that I do have diversification, so I can literally stuff meta full of as much context as possible. If you're always looking for the winners, turning everything off, you're down to five ads, it's like, cool, your ROAS is going to look good for a few weeks. Then what's going to happen? Meta has no idea what the hell you're trying to do, right? You're You're giving it nothing cuz you're so obsessed with the winner. So we've got to really shift that way of thinking in our mind to get the winners winning is that final number you're looking for, right? That the business growth, the ROAS, the MER, like whatever it is that you're using as your North Star, that's the winning. The winning is not, oh, I found three great ads, and that's what we're going to do. Oh, I have one page that won. That's all I'm going to use moving forward. That is absolutely crushing people right now because the game is different than it used to be. But the future is bright. The future is exciting. I'm going to transition a little bit right now uh quickly to end things into AEO. I struggle to say that. I'm from Kentucky, so sometimes like things just don't John has to speak for me sometimes. I'm like, I don't think we learned denunciation. A E O. Who knows what that means? Who feels like Okay, wow. Cool. A few people. All right. Really, all I'm talking about here how the hell do we, as brands rank in these LLMs? Any of them. Right? They will come, they will go. This is not LLM specific. Not just talking about ChatGPT, right? This is just the idea of how do we rank. This is the most important question for us to solve right now if we want to be in business. Well, at least we'll solve it at Smart Marketer and tell you, but this is the most important thing for us all to be doing. And as I told you, we have a team of 12 people who have spent the last 18 months of their career all they're doing every single day is researching how this works. It's very complicated. I will include it in the resources I give you guys, but it looks something like this. We have an e-com researcher. He or she is running the same exact, let's call them searches in LLMs every single day and then starting to note what information comes up, what are the sources, who is cited. We collect that data and then we try to find correlations in these different markets of who is showing up and why. So, if we can understand how it works, now we can actually craft a strategy that is going to help all of us in this room actually rank, which we're getting much closer to doing. So, there are three pieces of it. This could be a whole presentation, and again, I'm not the best Actually, I'm a good person to give this cuz we're not going to get too too technical. But, there are really three pieces that we found that are important. The first is obvious. Most of you know this if you've researched this at all. Indexability. This is completely technical. This is completely structural. This has to do with schema. This has to do with how your website's set up. This is essentially ensuring that your site is set up to give LLMs all of the information that they need for you to rank. We're not going to talk about that. I'm giving you an AEO playbook for e-com. It has all the code in there and like all the instructions so you can go do it for yourself if you haven't. That's first. That will change over time, but that's really simple. Most people think that's it though and they're like, "Oh, I did it. Now I'm like AEO ready." It's like, "No, you just did the first piece." The second is content readiness. So, this is along the lines of SEO. This is along the lines of like organic content as we have thought of it in the industry for many years. But, the way in which we go about it is different and I'll show you that in a minute. And then there's brand authority. This is a tough one to just create, right? Like, this is where at Smart Marketer we're really lucky. Ezra and I have been both for 15 years out here doing stuff like this on podcasts, blog posts. People talk about us in forums even if it's not nice sometimes. I don't read those things, but they do. So, we've we have that historical brand authority. You can't go back and achieve that really, but you can start to think about it moving forward and like digital PR. Who remembers when when that kind of came out? It's like, "Ooh, I can buy my way into an article or buy my way into some digital PR." Guess what? Those agencies are coming back. They're rocking because now this is becoming more important. So, I'm going to focus mostly on this content readiness area and what that means to you, but I do want to show you our primary research. You will see this more in the playbook. Um this is what we have found through 18 months of research. It's really interesting, and this is essentially how we categorize and break down what LLMs are pulling. So, 37% is from a brand's actual website, which we're going to talk about how to optimize that. 34% blogs. That's no shocker, but like damn, the blog has made a big comeback in the next year. Most people forgot about their blogs. Review sites, which is pretty obvious, but it is wild how weighted these are. It's insane. We have one AEO client, Outdoor Vitals. They're an outdoor backpacking uh company, really cool. They had like one guy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on them in a review, and it's like we can trace that back to really affecting the LLM search. It's like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that sucks. >> Communities, e-com, social media, directories. I don't really know what directories means, Sean, but you might be able to tell me later. Um so, this is kind of how we break it down. This changes every day, by the way. Like this was pulled 2 days ago. This is constantly changing, but this is where we are in 2026. And a few quick things that you can do. Your PDP. These are some quick changes that you can make that will really help with your LLM rankings. I don't have time to go through them all, but tables really help. It's crazy how much tables help. Like we can see a PDP without a table and a PDP with a table. These LLMs love tables. I don't know why. Uh structured bulleted lists on your PDP absolutely help. Numbered steps, anything that steps, you know, people love that psychologically, but especially on your PDP, anything you can step out is is very important. Anything that's FAQ, that question answer, question answer, even if it seems overkill from a consumer standpoint, I want you all to add an hundreds of FAQs to your PDP. Even if it's a little drop down and no one ever clicks it, so they're literally just for the LLMs. Um and then clear price values, most of us already have this. Um specify the currency, even if you feel like that's obvious, it's wild that seems to be a hiccup with some of these LLMs. So we're starting to put like USD right right in front of the price. Clears up a lot of confusion. So those are some quick little optimizations on the PDP. And then as you think about and I'm about to wrap up, guys, as you think about uh content moving forward, there's so much to say on this topic, but the best action I can give you is what we're calling answer capsules. So this is a way to structure content to really help LLMs understand what you're trying to do. So imagine this is a blog post. This is a listicle. Like this is anything you're doing on your website, okay? Start with a clear question, even if it doesn't feel super native to how the person would read. Clear, simple question. Direct answer, but only one to two sentences. Very clear, direct answer. Then go into a detailed explanation of why that answer is what it is. And then have some sort of visual structure on there that we talked about. List, steps, tables. If you use answer capsules on every page that you're building, LLMs will just eat it up. This is something simple you can apply across the board. If it's something that's being indexed. And then back to this idea of being of This is where things are going. You know, we buy and sell and start a lot of businesses at Smart Marketer. And you know, the thought process used to be what's the best business? Like what's most scalable? What are we interested in? Cool. We're going to buy a Navage, this nasal like a neti pot thing. Like that's really cool. Our thought process is very, very different now. We want businesses and we want to take businesses more niche than they have ever, ever been before. I would rather have a supplement brand that's for dogs that have foggy eyes that is less scalable revenue-wise than having a generalized supplement that any human in this world could take because of where this is going. Your big generic brands without focus, without avatars, they're going to be eaten up in this new world. And you even see that happening on Meta. So, when you're thinking about your brand, you're thinking about the assets that you're building go deep. Do not go wide. For the last 6 to 8 years, it's been go wide and that was really fun. And that was really easy. And the game is changing on all of these platforms. So, if you take nothing away from me being up here make sure your brand, make sure your clients, they are for someone. It can be one group. It could be 10 different groups of people. It really doesn't matter. But this will keep you around. This game is about longevity. And just remember that as we wrap up. This stuff, like I said, can be addicting. It is so exciting. But this is not about the now, right? Ezra, myself, John, we want to be in this game in 20 years. We want to be in this game in 40 years. We want to build our lives and our businesses in a way where we don't burn out. We stay interested. We stay up-to-date on the time. So, make sure you reflect in yourself, "Am I living that way? Is the way I am living sustainable? Is the way that I'm doing business sustainable?" That is really the key to success moving forward if you want to keep rocking and rolling with all of this. So, just remember the only way to lose is to not be of service to a group of people. It's really that simple. Otherwise, have fun. Our core value is fun is the goal, right? If everything we're doing is fun, if the currency and the energy of our business is fun, we will always succeed. And then, love is the way. When bad [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] happens, it's going to happen. My dad's going to die. Ezra's daughter died. Like, people do crazy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in business and they steal and they do awful things. It's like, if you look at those things as right and you approach them with love, it still sucks, right? It [laughter] can still be a bad thing, but you will be able to move past it. You will be able to use that situation to create more depth as a person and then move forward with more love and more fun and success in your life. So, if you guys want to reach out to me, this is my personal email. If you have questions, I'll be around all day. If you're interested in our agency, mastermind, dog rescue, nonprofit [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Kentucky bourbon, like >> Whatever you want to talk about, I'm here. And like I said, I'll I'll be around most of today, too. So, thank you guys for listening. This was super fun. Oh, you want me to stay? >> [applause] >> Nick, I just do what you tell me to do. Well, I'm just making sure we don't You can't get off the stage unless we ask a couple questions first. Anyway, any questions to the the one and the only the Molly. Thank you. Hey, I threw one of these at our event a couple weeks ago. The mic came out. Bam! All right, so you're done. Yeah. >> All right, so uh >> It It was a good soccer overhead throw though. One right here and you're going to go right behind you after. Hi. Uh that was super interesting. I'm I'm uh I've been doing like growth and CRO for a long time. So, like it's um like as we're doing all these CRO tests, we're running into the same problems. Like we ran one a couple weeks ago. >> little louder? Oh, sorry. Is that better? >> Yeah, yeah, better. >> hold it like this. >> Put your mouth up in there. >> Um we like we ran we ran a test recently where like we had a landing page like the click-through rate was converting like 10% better. So, it was a clear winner. We pushed it, but then we saw sales drop. So, like what you're saying adds up perfectly to like why >> It's such a mind [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Yeah, and like you like you said it it used to be like cool, that's the winner. That got us closer to the result down the funnel. Great, let's run that. So, like we've we've been experimenting around this, but I'm really interested in where you were saying about different landing pages, like having multiple variations um that Meta can run to. Um it's kind of a technical question, but like how do you run that from Meta to go to like how do you split test it from the Meta spot to let it choose different variations? We're still trying to figure that out. John has the more technical answer, but what I know is coming What I know is coming is there will be you're setting up a Meta campaign. Instead of submitting one URL, we will be able or clicking choose any page from my site cuz that's just crazy. Yeah. We'll be able to do this. I mean, we kind of already can, but we'll be able to do this in a more structured way. So, this will be in platform. >> Sweet. Okay. Awesome. Thank you. >> outside of that you got to talk to that guy. Yeah, no, that's great. Thank you very much. Right here. I had the same exact question as that guy. So, that's that's answered. Thank you. Cool. Anything else? You all want Nick to dance? No, Caleb, go. Yep, go ahead. With the long ad copy, what if your results has been testing that with video ads? I can't hear you. I'm sorry. >> With the long like the example you had that had like the really long ad copy, that was for a static ad. What were your results when you were testing it with video ads? Um I'm not really sure, honestly, but test it. It's not going to make that like those things are the same, but they're not, right? We know that with video or with not video, this is the ability to give meta more context of what the hell we want them to do. So, don't try to put those idea That's like going for the winner thing again that we were talking about. It's a good question, but think opposite of that. Think how can I get long copy to work with all of the videos in which I create? That's the question I would ask myself. Thank you. Real quick here, Molly. So, let me don't question, but you said that good creative >> to your mouth, sorry. Good creative can see roughly 50% discount on CPMs. You mentioned that earlier in the presentation. How do you define good creative? Is it the production quality, the click-through rate? Like like what makes a creative defined as good in your opinion? Thousands of variables, most of which we cannot track or measure, which is what makes this game fun. A lot of it is what I was showing you on that feedback loop workflow, and the way we were trying to measure things that are not able to measure. But if you're looking at it just like top five, whatever thing you told Meta you want, you want to purchase, at what rate is that happening? Are people actually doing that? That's going to be most important. Definitely time on site, definitely click-through rate, especially the especially the unique link click-through rate, right? Not just clicking on the ad. Those would be the first few things that I would look at um to to try to measure that. But the fun part of this is there's thousands of other variables that we can't. 100%. Thank you, Molly. But good is like let's achieve the goals. Like let's scale this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Let's grow the business. Hit the metrics that we want. And it looks very different for different people. I'm coming to the back. I'm not going to throw it. I don't trust myself. Nick, I like the horses. This is like a very Kentucky-themed event. I feel like you did this just for me. The round table? I did. I did. I mean, it's important >> You're playing country music. Most of them are Kentucky artists. Like who are you? I wanted some some crazy stuff, but the team pushed back pretty aggressively. Hey, Molly. Thanks so much. Um I'm curious about success on Meta. Have you seen a minimum rate, I guess you'd say, of new content assets you need to upload per week or per month to be successful? Oh god, that's like the question of the hour right now. No, it is so different across the board. We have clients that are like, "If you don't test 200 creatives Okay, we have a new client that came on a few months ago. Guys, you want to achieve this goal of growing the business, we got to cut down on the number of creatives tested. They want to test 200 a week. They're spending like a million dollars a month. Love these people, but it is completely destroying them. Like the the whole focus of the account is testing creatives. We have lost sight of what's actually going on. Other hand, we have clients that won't approve any creative, so nothing's happening and they're in just as shitty of a spot. So, there is no right answer. If someone tells you there is a right answer, they are absolutely lying. It is so specific to the account. Now, we will say at least 10 new creatives in an account every week is good. That's good, but oh my god, it's so across the board. How how much money in your pocket? I'll tell you how much. >> It's it's a it's a weird Yeah, go ahead. Hand it to Hand it to this gentleman back. This creative testing has been the craziest process around what structures go in and out and it's something that I don't think there's a perfect science to, but it's like a rhythm to how your team likes to execute. And then there's a couple of like CMOs in here that they're like, "How many should you be launching?" I was like, "Well, it's like, what is your hit rate?" I know the Common Thread boys talk about this pretty often. They're like, "What's your success rate of the things that you're launching in the account with the diversification around the placements that you're serving?" And then you're like, "Find a a number that your team can be consistent with and then you push them to make more shit." >> Exactly. And every account's different though. Like, we can think we found the perfect way. Doesn't work for the next business. So, I think I see someone I know with the mic. Hi, I'm Ollie. Hey, buddy. Um so, we rank rank pretty high in Gemini for LLM [clears throat] search, but chat not so much. Do you guys What's the strategy or what do you guys seeing there to cater to the different um LLMs? You know, why why are some signals, you know, firing hot and heavy on Gemini and and chat you're just, you know, we don't show up at all. It's really frustrating. I'll send you all the research that we did because we're doing it across, I think, like, eight platforms and they're all a little bit different. So, the data that I showed was an aggregation of all of them. I didn't want to discourage people and be like, "But it's a little different per platform." But it is. I don't know why I mean, we kind of know why that's the case, but it is the truth. The good news is that the general takeaways are the same. Like, the the what do we do about it? The three steps that I showed you, those are pretty much the same across the board. Okay. Thanks. Molly Pittman, thank you very much, ma'am. Thanks, buddy. >> [music] [applause]

- The Copy Rule I Learned From The Best Copywriter I Know: Kind: captions Language: en What's going on everyone? I wanted to share the rule of one with you that I learned from Michael Mastersonson. And if you haven't heard of Michael Mastersonson, he's uh the the chief growth uh strategist at Agora Publishing, which to my knowledge is the biggest information seller on the market. They do over a billion dollars a year in revenue. And he is the person who created their entire acquisition machine, which is teams and teams of hundreds of copywriters who generate demand through compelling words. And I think there's something really magical about that because he not only has been able to do it himself and hit home run after home run after home run offer, but he's been able to duplicate it in other people and create and get people who've never sold a thing to writing copy that generates 20 million, 40 million, 80 million plus just from a single letter or message. And in his book, Great Leads, uh the first concept that he introduces is arguably the most important. Uh and he calls it the rule of one. And I've been I I it was so important to me that I I wrote it down and I have it right on front of my computer because it applies to almost everything, but especially to communication and sales messages. And so whenever he said the common thing that most copyriters do or most business owners who are trying to make an offer uh to be compelling to a marketplace, what they do is they just stack as many different great things inside as they possibly can and then say, "Well, if that one doesn't work, one of them will work, so I'm just going to throw them all in." and he said that's the recipe for he calls toss salad copy. Um which is just you just jumble everything together and you hope you know it's throw everything on the wall, see what sticks. But the reality is the most compelling messages and he reviewed the top 100 offers of all time since they worked there. Uh 91 of them all centered around a single concept. And so if you think about what that means, it means that you're looking for the one big idea, the one compelling message that has to be easy to understand, easy to believe, and interesting or unique. And so he said those are the three elements of a one big idea. And so when you're thinking about the sales messaging, and this has been really just I've been I've been putting this at the forefront of my mind is that when you're writing copy for a uh for an advertisement or you're writing copy for a landing page, the sub bullets should only be bullets that reinforce the singular message or the singular argument, right? They should be stories. They should be uh arguments. They should be facts that are presented solely to reinforce the singular concept, right? And so if I said, you know, hey, there's, uh, six ways, six ways to to to, you know, wake up earlier or something like that, um, or six morning strategies, if each one of them was kind of different, that's like it's it's a toss salad. Whereas, if I wanted to center it around one big benefit or one core topic, now the six topics that I could have underneath of it are going to still be subpoints of the major one rather than, uh, you know, 15 crazy headline ideas, right? Uh, and so for me that has been incredibly powerful. And if you look at if if you have advertised before and you look at the best converting advertisements that you've ever had, you will probably see that similar trend where the ones that do best are the simplest, the most direct, and the clearest to understand. Now, the issue is when you only have to pick one, it forces you to be incredibly uh tactful on your selection because you're only going to pick one. And so I think what that ends up doing is it forces us as marketers to really think is this the is this the best idea? Is this the most centralized focused concept that I can point as the tip of my spear of my communication message? Right? And so uh a lot of these things around like any kind of unique selling proposition that's going to be the rule of one, right? You don't want to have 19 selling propositions. You want to have one core one that everyone can immediately understand is is counterintuitive and uh is believable, right? And so when you put all three of those things together, then you have a message that's compelling and people will take one step towards you. And so, um, I have now, like I said, I wrote that at the top of my computer and as I've been writing copy, um, and keeping this at top of mind, uh, because I can guarantee you that even since I started doing this, just even reading the book, I've gotten the the copy that I've been putting out has been so much better and more targeted and crisper because there's one central idea I'm trying to convince the reader or prospect of. Um, and then and then the sales message that follows is actually very transparent and simple to write. The hard part is figuring out what that one idea is going to be. But if you're going to think about one thing, then that would be the one to focus on. So anyways, I hope that was valuable for you. I share this stuff as it comes to me um in my in my journey of marketing and and sales. Um and so I hope you enjoy this. Like, subscribe, all that kind of stuff. And uh I'll see you in the next video. Bye. [Music] [Applause]

  Top Comments:
  1. @masudzamani749 [47 likes]: The Background makes him look like he has Mickey Mouse Ears
  2. @dontfiguremeout [5 likes]: He's still practicing this principle today in the way he writes his books.
  3. @AllisonBaker-k6w [3 likes]: The "Power of One" concept has completely changed how I view copywriting; simplifying my approach and focusing on one core idea has made my messaging much clearer. Thank you for this actionable advice! I'm excited to see the results.
  4. @AshleyColeman-y2l [2 likes]: The Power of One isn't just a strategy, it's a filter – forcing you to find the most compelling angle and cut the fluff. Thanks for this actionable advice; going to refocus my messaging now!
  5. @kurtc0bn [1 likes]: dang, so many bots in the comments writing the same script
  6. @Tochanking77e: When I get a response from a new client, I struggle with communication. I’m not able to confidently continue the conversation, book calls, or close the client properly. Most of my leads come through Instagram, but I often fail to convert them into paying clients.
  7. @Bradleyunlisted: Here early!
  8. @TheSukritsharma: This is also called single minded proposition, make it simple, unique & interesting.
  9. @ay7agaproductions434: Nice one alex
  10. @webpreneur07: Help me gather the book titles in the background. 🇭🇺
  11. @Abhi-id3yl: so valuable alex. thanks
  12. @JasChronicles_yt: good stuff Alex
  13. @abereyrivera2512: I saw this concept in a awai interview
  14. @RCBSBlackTieCopywriting: Copywriting is key
  15. @Sed_visuals: So I figured this would still help to make sure whatever you put out as an SMM still balls down to the goal of your employer , Kai this is powerful
  16. @YordanVasilev-k3l: good
  17. @kelvinaviles6431: Thank you Mr.Hormozi, this is was valuable information. I will try it today !
  18. @SamimzSamimz: are you jew?
  19. @FlowEquation: The power of focus.
  20. @Univerz_tv: Michael masterson

- The new way to make Meta Ads In 2026 (Post-Andromeda): Kind: captions Language: en I'm going to show you how to make ads that are impossible to ignore. Ads that stop the scroll, hold attention, and convert cold scrollers into buyers. And then, I'm going to give you a system to be able to consistently add new winners into your ad account every single week. Now, who am I to break this down for you? Well, I've been running Meta ads since I was 13 years old, and present day, my company produces a minimum of 2,000 ad creatives every single month, and we've generated tens of millions of dollars in tracked revenue for our clients. And most of you right now are doing things completely backwards. You're focused on making your ads look pretty instead of making ads that are actually going to work. You're using the same hooks over and over and switching things out, and you're structuring the messaging completely wrong. And you're also not producing nearly enough volume to keep up with A, the new algorithm, and B, just the landscape that is Meta ads in 2026. And what I'm going to show you is not only what we're doing, but it's also what the biggest, fastest-growing brands in the world are doing, and that's why we do it, too. So, before we get into the solution, there's two issues that I see that most of you need to overcome. The first is your obsession with quality or nitpicking small details, and the second is you severely underestimate the volume required to succeed. Right now, you're creating ads that look, sound, and feel like ads. If you're using AI to write your copy and you don't have a really, really dialed-in workflow, it probably sucks. And then comes the volume problem. Most of you guys are creating 20, maybe 30, maybe 50 ads a month. And I'm going to refer to Hormozi on this one. Just roll the clip on what Hormozi says about volume. >> No uh volume and repetition that is required to excel is typically not twice as much or 10 times as much. It's usually in the order of magnitude of thousands of times as much work. >> Now that you understand the rules of the game and how you've been playing it wrong, I am going to show you how to beat it. So, principle number one is understanding the native format. Post-Andromeda, native content is going to outperform studio-produced content every single time. I recommend UGC videos, street interviews, or iPhone VSLs. A good rule of thumb is if it looks and sounds organic, it's likely to perform better. Not only does the algorithm reward this, but we're living in a post-TikTok shop era. TikTok shop entirely changed the way that consumers behave and make purchasing decisions. And Meta has actually even spoken about this in their press releases. They want native ads. A, because consumer behavior has changed, but B, because consumers' number one gripe on the internet is ads. So, they want to create a user experience that feels like there's no ads. And even just think about it from your perspective. When you're scrolling through your feed, you scroll right past ads that look like ads. So, I'm going to show some good examples of what native ads look like right now. And this is a good place to start when building your swipe file. You can look at brands like Comfort, Dr. Squatch, Ridge, Hops, or others. They're very, very good sources for organic-looking, very native-looking ad creatives. So, the second principle is hook diversity. The hook essentially makes or breaks the ad. We know that, but you can have a very, very good concept with a very, very bad hook, and it's just not going to work. And I also want to make it very clear that there are two parts to every single hook. There's the copy and what the video is saying, but there's also the visual and what you are seeing when you see the video. And visual hooks are just as important as copy hooks. And like I say in all my videos, I'm not talking a cute dog, a car crash, or a BBL. I'm talking about a hook that is going to qualify and draw in your ICP. [music] The reason hook diversity is also important, notice I'm not saying just test a bunch of hooks, is because the algorithm needs diversity to find different audiences. If you're using the same hook or the same hook type or the same hook visual, you're not going to be finding different audiences that are necessary and you're leaving massive amounts of money on the table. So, this is why it's smart to go ahead and build a hook bank. That is an action item that you need to take. You not only need to have a swipe file, but you also need to have a hook bank. And you need to build out a list of hook variations. Let's say you're a skin care brand. You could go, "My skin always breaks out when hook. My dermatologist told me hook. This is the skin care product that hook. I thought this was a scam until hook. If you're tired of hook." And then beyond that, when you say that, "My skin always breaks out when blank." you could say different problems that relate to different people, okay? It's the same product, it's the same type of messaging, but they're very different hooks and you can also test very different visual hooks with those as well. And the third principle that we're going to talk about is messaging. Every winning video ad loosely follows this format. First, you need to dive into the problem, then you need to dive into your unique mechanism or why you are the solution, then you need to go into social proof or some form of risk reversal, and then you need a very strong CTA. This order works because it is exactly how people make buying decisions, whether it's UGC ad, a VSL, or whatever type of video ad you run. And then you need to also take these things into account when you're making your static ads. You can make some static ads that are very focused on the problem, some static ads that are very focused on how your product is a solution, some static ads that are very focused on social proof. These are more of your middle or bottom of funnel static ads, whether it be a review, a testimonial, or before and after. And the reason that making ads this way works so well is because your funnel is essentially addressing the objection that the customer has before they even have it. And all of the ads that we make and all of the funnels that we build follow this type of messaging structure. So, number four, it is velocity, volume, output. And this is where most of you are losing, to be honest. I get on a lot of calls with potential clients and I look in their ad account and they have some really, really good ads. Whether they made them by accident or whether they were watching good videos and learning, they actually have some very good ads and they have some pretty decent KPIs on those ads. They work for a little bit, but they fundamentally misunderstand how much volume it actually takes to succeed in 2026. And it's because as we know, the algorithm rewards volume and diversity. Your competitor, if they're launching a hundred or a thousand new ads every single month, realistically they are going to beat you. That is a very realistic threat to your business. But the key here and the way that you can win is not just producing tons of ads randomly. You need to actually build a systematic approach. And this is where we start to go into pipeline A and pipeline B. This is something that I've talked about on the channel and essentially what it is is understanding when you need to launch a lot of new concepts and when you need to launch a lot of iterations of previous [music] winners. So, pipeline A is specifically for new concepts. This is where you're consistently launching fresh new ideas, whether it be testing a new offer, whether it be testing new creative types, new angles, whatever it is. You're essentially just exploring and the point of this is just looking for some data, some feedback and your learnings to try to go and create new winners, find new angles and find new types of creatives that you can make. Now, pipeline B is going to be specifically your iteration and this is where you either take winning ads and figure out variables that you can change to recreate them or sometimes you even take losing ads that had some really good secondary metrics and you make one change and that could also become a winning ad. You can change variables like different hooks, different creators, different CTA, different format, but the whole core concept of the actual ad stays the same. You're just changing one or two variables. Now, this part is extremely important. The balance between pipeline A and pipeline B. The balance between new concepts and iteration. And this is going to totally depend on you or your media buyer or if you work with us, it's going to depend on us. But this is going to depend totally on how well you're actually doing your learnings, how well you actually understand what's going on in the ad account, what ads are winning, why they're winning. This is going to depend on your learnings. And an example I like to use is this. Let's say you've been launching a lot of new ads, your winning ad is starting to see a rise in cost per acquisition, your hit rate is pretty low. This is an example that you're stuck on one piece of messaging or one angle and it's time for you to launch some new fresh concepts into the ad account. Or vice versa, you don't have a ton of winning ads in your ad account, but you just had a really, really hot batch. Good ads, good hit rate. This is time where you can take that and turn one, two, three, four new winning ads into 10 good ads. But these things are ever changing as time goes on. So a specific example, let's say maybe this month your account's kind of stalling out. You don't have a lot of winners. We go heavy in the new concepts and we go less into iterations. Maybe 70% new concepts, 30% iteration. Then by next month, we actually have found a lot of winners. We want to shift that the other way. We maybe want to go 20 to 30% new concepts and then maybe 70 to 80% iterations based on those winning ads that we just had in the prior month. This is going to make it so much easier to produce volumes of content. And this comes from understanding what's going on in your ad account and doing proper learnings. And truthfully, this is the modern moat. Your product is not your moat, your quality of creative that you can produce is not your moat. This is the moat. Understanding how to make good content, how to make good ads, and then understanding why they're actually good ads. So to bring this all full circle, the four things you need to remember. First, native format. Second, hook diversity. Third, understand your messaging. And fourth, volume. Now, if you made it to the end of the video, comment the word Hormozi to let me know that you made it all the way through. And if you're a direct-to-consumer brand spending more than $100,000 a month and you don't want to do this yourself, click the link below. There's a bunch of ad examples that we've made on our landing page. There's case studies, there's testimonials, and there's a full video explainer about exactly what we do and how we do it. So, hopefully that was helpful. Comment Hormozi if you made it to the end. See you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @bad3mko105 [1 likes]: Is 1200$ enough for starting with meta ads? Should I save up more or focus on organic trafic until I get my bread up for meta ads ?
  2. @ismailrouaiguia4913 [1 likes]: Bro we need master meata ads form scratch zero to hero " hours of content value like hormozi " 🔥🔥❤️‍🔥
  3. @dawson2670 [1 likes]: Hormozi
  4. @arwindkalai8961 [1 likes]: Hormozi
  5. @zomamarkets [1 likes]: Hormozi
  6. @ardikalda5213 [1 likes]: Hormozi!
  7. @TheSyrianmamba [1 likes]: Goat🔥
  8. @ColorOfWealth [1 likes]: Hormozi
  9. @InternetArchivess [1 likes]: Great video
  10. @Paradise-Performance: Hormosi, outstanding information!  TY
  11. @MagmuuStore: Hormosi, thanks G for priceless knowledge
  12. @krysttonjhonatan: Hormosi, great video!
  13. @Xaehhh: Whats your opinion on me doing paids and making ai ugc ads will it get good leads for my clients
  14. @onaldo333: What if you have a budget of like 500-600 dollars for ads?
  15. @ColorOfWealth: Need more videos like these. Way better than the wanna be “Guru’s “. Nothing better than sound quality advice from someone whos in it. Appreciate the phone call, thank you for sharing some good game, can’t wait to meet u on the other side @jaredirobinson

- give me 3 minutes & i'll make your meta ads profitable after the andromeda update.: Kind: captions Language: en It's getting tough out there in the e-commerce space and if you're struggling, you're not alone. There are a lot of brands right now that are really battling in terms of rorowass um especially with the Andromeda update. But in today's video, I really want to simplify things for you guys and show you how you can set yourself up to protect yourselves on the down days and maximize your upside potential when there's a lot of demand in the market. Okay, if you haven't already, guys, if you want help with your ads, there's a link below. Book in with me before Black Friday. Let's talk your ad account. I'm also taking on some new clients for media buying. But for now, let's get into the video. So, the first thing I want to say is this. I don't actually think much has changed since the Andromeda update. In fact, all I think Andromeda is is forcing us to focus more on creatives, which we have done for a long time. But what I do want to do is show you guys a very simple setup and explain why it works for us and why it should work for you as well. Now, what I'm going to show you are three campaigns that we've got set up. Okay? Okay, so an Australian cost cap US um and then some scaling campaigns which are irrelevant for now and a UK one. Okay, so in a nutshell guys just to break it down really simply all we're running right now is one CBO per country. Okay, now there's two options when you're running Facebook ads. You've got highest volume, which is where you're giving Facebook a budget. So that might be $1,000 a day. And let me show you here. Actually, I've got a I've got a campaign here. So, this isn't a CBO, highest volume campaign, and we've got a few ads in it. All right. Now, this we've got on a low budget, but it's actually working pretty good. Okay. And then the other option that you've got is what's called cost controls. Now, cost controls is basically where you're telling Facebook, and now I'm talking about cost caps here. It's where you're saying to Facebook, here's a number that I want you to hit over a 7-day average. Get it as close as possible to your cost cap. Bid caps is where you're setting a bid in the auction and it's a lot more restrictive than a cost cap because you're bidding. Okay? And and if someone outbids you by 1 cent, you're out of the auction. Okay? So, it can be more profitable, but I've found that we're getting less volume using bid caps. Now, I can even show you here like you can see varying different sale metrics, right? So, some days we've scaled harder, some days we haven't. But what I want you guys to understand is that it's not actually me physically scaling the account on those days, okay? I'm using what's called an inflated bid cap strategy or cost cut. If you look here, my budget is actually at a million dollars a day. Okay, that's because I've set my cap and I'm giving Meta the flexibility to be able to scale up or down for me dependent on the day. Okay, so that's basically content in a nutshell and structure. Now, I promise you guys after doing this for 13 years and after selling over $und00 million worth of products, you need to stress less about campaign structure. Just use what we're using, CBO. Launch ads in a new ad set. Focus on your creative. Okay, I think we're going to get through this storm. Obviously, it's pre- BlackB Black Friday, so there's a lot of up and down performance, but I just wanted to give you guys an update as to what we're doing, how we're managing it, and how we're protecting profits. Okay, guys. God bless you all, and I'll see you in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @RipDon7 [2 likes]: Working:
The only things working currently are Cost Caps and ROAS Caps. (Bid caps have been dead for us this month).

Testing:
Single winner ad creatives in separate ABO Adsets at 3-5x CPA budget to see what still works. Going through all the past winners with high spend+results to see what still works before tackling new creative production.

Must Use:
The main difference now for all ads is using the ADV+ broad along with persona angles for text/descriptions optimized for andromeda update.
  2. @nasrodineelghalbzouri4849: How would you implement Andromeda for an online furniture e-commerce store that sells multiple product categories (mirrors, buffets etc)...?
  3. @fritgefx1112: Is this also for product testing?
  4. @hakim69420: My cost cap isnt spending money. What do i do
  5. @scottha4935: hey Manny, great to find you here as I came across some articles about you and your brands a couple of years ago. Thanks for the tips and I will give it a shot. Honestly this is what I used to do before ASC was launched but then ASC overtook it then I completely forgot about Cost Cap. But hopefully it works now because our CPA is double of what it was this time last year. And it looks really concerning as we are holding a lot of stock for the season
  6. @film_3alsaree: after reading The Silent Laws of Cash Power by Cameron Solan i started noticing how ppl who really got wealth don’t even show it like their names not on anything but they control everything it’s scary and genius at the same time
  7. @thodkatsou: On a quiet island in the Caribbean, I met a man who called himself a “risk architect.” He said his job was to erase connections– between wealth and identity. He told me, “Everyone chases control– but real power is in detachment. The Silent Laws of Cash Power by Cameron Solan explains it better than any consultant I’ve met.” After I read it, I realized he was right. The book teaches subtraction– less exposure, less emotion, less trace. It’s the art of being rich without existing.
  8. @samantinadesilien4920: a friend sent me The Silent Laws of Cash Power by Cameron Solan after a convo about why ppl with real money never flex he was like “this will explain it” and yeah he was right after reading it i understood why the richest ppl i’ve met act broke they dont play for attention they play for distance
  9. @GAMEHUB2-z1f: Loud-money fades. Quiet-power lasts– The Silent Laws of Cash Power explains why.
  10. @SAMUELIX_official: A private meeting in Panama City: seven people, no phones, no names. They managed invisible empires—trusts, shells, private funds. One man said, “After Solan, you stop being an operator. You become architecture.” I found the book. It didn’t teach income—it showed why the system needs you visible to own you. The real game isn’t earning– it’s detaching. They weren’t hiding from the system; they were building new ones beneath it.
  11. @worldwide-mad: During a fintech event in Tallinn, a speaker mentioned a book that “the old money crowd treats like contraband.” Afterward, I asked which one. He smiled and said, “The Silent Laws of Cash Power by Cameron Solan.” He told me, “If you understand that book, you’ll stop building businesses and start building systems.” He was right. It showed me that wealth isn’t the game– it’s the scoreboard. The real game happens in silence– through placement, control, and invisible ownership.
  12. @GDELECTRICAL: At a private dinner in Singapore, surrounded by fund managers and ex-bankers, a man asked the table, “Who here’s actually read Cameron Solan?” Everyone went silent. Then one of them nodded slowly and said, “That book– The Silent Laws of Cash Power– changes how you breathe around money.” After reading it, I understood why. The book doesn’t sell dreams– it dismantles illusions. It showed me that wealth isn’t loud or emotional– it’s a system of controlled distance. The kind of distance that buys freedom.
  13. @Saraikivlogger079: A client told me, “I used to earn six figures and feel broke. After reading The Silent Laws of Cash Power by Cameron Solan– I realized I was just too visible.” That hit different.
  14. @mukulfauzdar1167: Awesome
  15. @sebastianc09: how come you don't have a catalog campaign?
  16. @louissteve5260: Ive always used the sandbox abo testing method.

Do i need a new ad account to switch to a cbo, or doesnt it matter in your opinion? Cbos havent seen to work in this ad account (yet)
  17. @helitonribeiro3252: Thanks Mnay, awesome video!!
  18. @Martin-zq4fq: left my costcap on for more then a week and it overspend on the cap. cap was set at 30-35 and it spend a costcap of 45$...
  19. @OscarrLynch: Thanks Manny, awesome video! When testing new creatives, do you just add them to your cost cap CBO with high performing creatives or do you test in seperate cost cap CBO?

- How Meta Andromeda is Changing Facebook Ads Forever | DigitallyTop: Kind: captions Language: en A major fashion e-commerce brand was facing declining ad engagement. Instead of running 10 similar ads, they tested just three bold, distinct creatives, and clicks doubled within days. The driving force, Meta's new AI engine, Andromeda. Andromeda has transformed ad performance on Facebook and Instagram by analyzing millions of ad combinations in an instant to match users with the most relevant creative. Meta reports up to 8% higher targeting precision and faster delivery. but only if advertisers evolve. The shift away from microtargeting and multiple adsets toward broad audiences and creative diversity marks a complete mindset change. To adapt, consolidate adsets, diversify creative formats, videos, carousels, UGC, and keep pixel data accurate. Refresh ads bi-weekly and use broad targeting with smart exclusions. Be mindful that inaccurate tracking or outdated creatives can quickly hurt performance. Implement serverside tracking and event dduplication to strengthen your data reliability. Andromeda rewards originality and penalizes repetition. Your storytelling is your targeting now. Keep testing, stay curious, and build campaigns the algorithm can't ignore. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @lakshgaming2296: 🙌🏻

- Why Your Creative Testing is Failing (& What Actually Works on Meta Now) | Nathan Hudson, Perceptycs: Kind: captions Language: en Hello everyone and welcome to this week's edition of Subub Live. So, if you haven't been here before, we do these pretty much weekly now and even when I'm out of town, uh we've started working to get guest hosts. So, it should be pretty much every week except for maybe like Thanksgiving holiday, I don't know. Uh 9:00 a.m. Pacific time, uh 1800 Central European time. And I I we started doing these for years I've got people uh who listen to the Subplug podcast saying, "Hey, I listened to episode. It was great, but man, I really wish I could have asked this question." You know, just in the car shouting through the void like, "What about this?" Uh so we're doing these on a weekly basis to give you a chance to ask top experts in the field. Uh we will have uh podcast guests on, so keep an eye out for that. We're going to try and get a guest to record a podcast and then do a live stream follow-up. That'll be fun. Um, but yeah, the goal here is to learn from experts. Um, lots of great stuff coming up. Next week we have a WWDC recap. And this is a Revenue Cat style uh WWDC recap. We do this every year. So, it's not just we're not just going to talk about the keynote. We're actually going to talk about the sessions like what's new in App Store Connect. Did Apple introduce any new like free trial things or you know things do change at WWC for app developers, not just the highle stuff. Uh we'll talk about some of the high level stuff, but that one's going to be super exciting. Uh Jacob, our CEO, and Charlie, our developer advocate, will be joining me for that. And the week after that is even more uh off-the-wall. I have been vibe coding an app, and I will be spending thousands of dollars of my own money uh with a UGC platform called Noise. And on June 18th, I'll have the founder of Noise on and we will do kind of a behind the scenes like look at the dashboard, look at how much I spent, look at the numbers. Uh, so that one should be pretty fun. Um, totally different from what we've been doing so far. I'm going to have money on the line. It's either going to be David lost his shirt and uh was a complete failure or, you know, hopefully at least break even. Uh, it's a fun little app I've been working on. nothing, you know, world changing or anything, but uh but it's fun to to kind of be back in the game a little bit. Today, um we have Nathan Hudson on. He's been on the podcast before, should be very well known, uh in the industry, and uh we're going to be talking about some things he's noticed around creative testing. Uh he works with a ton of apps and so gets to see this at a larger scale. Um super excited to have him on. So without further ado, uh I will bring him on and Nathan if you wouldn't mind just give us a quick intro. >> Hey everyone. Hey David. Great to be here. I'm Nathan, founder of Perceptics. We're basically a growth agency for mobile subscription apps. We do everything from creative production UA web web to app lots of web to app these days like onboarding optimization. And yeah, I'm just here to kind of share some interesting findings that we've been seeing both across accounts that we run, but also I've had dozens of conversations over the past couple of weeks at MAU and at Beta Coast um around some interesting quirks that we've been seeing on the the meta side, shall we say. >> Yeah. Yeah. Super excited to dig in today. Uh, this is another thing. You know, maybe with my vibe coded app, I'll eventually uh be able to do some meta ads because I have never like, you know, opened a meta ads account and dug around and spent my own money on it. Uh, and it's just such a different experience when you actually live those things. So, uh, but today excited to get your insights and, um, we will take questions at the end and we'll take any question. So, like you know, Nathan and I have been doing this a long time like ask us anything seriously. uh during the session uh feel free to ask any kind of relevant questions. I'll try and pause here and there and I'll keep an eye on the chat uh for any kind of questions that are kind of follow-ups to what we're discussing. I'll mention this again because not, you know, not everybody's had a chance to join, but um we love the interactivity. We love people asking questions. So, uh be active in the chat. And without further ado, um let's talk about what broke or changed sometime last year. The whole premise here is that you started noticing things in the spring of last year that have made a pretty big difference. So what happened? >> Yeah. Well, actually like more specifically April this year. So both both last year and and again but this year but like recently like more imminently >> every subscription app that I've spoken to that's running Meta around shall we say low to mid6 figure even low seven figure budgets have been running into like monthly budgets the same types of issues where CPMs are stable CPAs are down they've been doing the same things doing the right things on paper creative testing you know, pay optimization, onboarding optimization, everything's the same, but like the channel's just not converting the same. It's not an attribution issue. We can talk down or up. You said down, but >> sorry, CPA up. >> Up. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. >> Yeah. Good to see CPMs are stable, CPAs are up. Um, >> yeah, conversions are down on that channel. Um, and the question is why? And I think if you spend any time on sort of like ex Twitter or or LinkedIn, all anyone's been talking about all this year and even to the tail end of last year is like Andromeda. Um and this has kind of been everyone's scapegoat. Um and the thing that everyone's trying to solve and I I kind of just have an issue with like scapegoats um because I'm like cool, but what can we do about this and what's actually happening? Um, and funnily enough, when I posted about this AMA, three people messaged me like within like 15 minutes like, "Hey, this is exactly what I'm seeing." >> Um, so yeah. >> What What is Andromeda for those who aren't as into the weeds? >> Yeah. So it's essentially what Meta's name for their their new algorithm update which essentially prioritize creative diversity and creative like distinctly diverse creative above anything else. So the way that meta describe it is if a human were to look at two ads and be like this is a different ad to this ad and would class it as a different ad and therefore the way that this is distributed on the platform is is impacted. The reason this has been so important for advertisers is because historically when people would come up with variations of creative, they would, you know, tweak, well, I hope no one's still tweaking colors, but like tweaking a color or tweak a few words or change, you know, a small fragment of the creative, class it as a new creative, and kind of optimize this way. Whereas now, Meta's algorithm is prioritizing or they say that they're prioritizing distinctly diverse and unique creative. Um, and I think this is true, but I think it goes deeper than what even Meta have been saying to advertisers. And I think there's some I don't want to say jigory pokery, but there's some blackbox stuff that we can't quite figure out, but we can at least notice the trends and and talk about them. >> Yeah. Well, so let's dig into those trends then. Um, and it sounds like maybe it's overreaching. And of course, any big like L, I mean, Anthropic, OpenAI, and other big labs have whole teams that are like just trying to figure out how these LLMs are even thinking to like understand what's going on deep inside them. And so, it's probably the case with Andromeda that Facebook doesn't even fully understand how it's making decisions. That that's how these like things work now. Um, so what what are some of your theories about like is it just kind of overreaching where you do have to have like super diverse creative or what are your theories around why it's happening? And then we can kind of transition into like what to do about it. >> Yeah, I I'll preface all of this with everything I'm going to say is my perspective and it's it's all hypothesis, right? None of this can be proven. Uh I don't, as you said, I don't think magic can prove it. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. educated guesses. I guess I'd start with like understanding what is Meta's algorithm, right? Like how are ads actually served to users? Because we use this word meta's algorithm, Andromeda. We talk about the learning phase and we we just sit at a high level, right? We never really consider this, but it's a machine learning algorithm which is most likely way more comprehensive than we could possibly imagine, right? Like meta are not new to AI. They've got their own LLM models, right? They're not new to machine learning. They run, you know, the largest social media platform on the planet serving I don't even know millions billions of pieces of creative both organically and on a paid level to billions of users every single day. So when people say trust Meta's algorithm, I wouldn't say trust the algorithm, but recognize that you're dealing with a beast that is way beyond our comprehension. Um, and I think this is like the starting point because if we sit here and we try and figure out the algorithm, it's like it's never going to happen. Um, you and I both know it's it's it's similar to trying to figure out like how Apple's algorithm ranks for for organic search. It's like I mean you could you could spend time doing that or you could try and identify what what levers you do have. Um, but zooming in, we know that it's an auction. We know that the levers we have to control are creative and targeting and signal and it's a case of understanding which and price um yeah and and budget right and everything post meta is in our control. I think the challenge has been in 2024 the the one phrase that anyone would talk about was creative volume. It was drilled into everyone which is you're not testing enough creative. You're not testing enough creative. creative agencies were telling you you need to test more creative so they could charge you more for creative. I run a creative agency, right? So I can say I can say these things, right? Um um in in-house teams were feeling as though they weren't testing enough creative because they were speaking to other companies that were mets were telling you look trust our algorithm just focus on the creative and volume became the big thing. Fast forward to 2025 and it all became about creative diversity which is and this is pre-Andromeda right like pre this whole roll out everyone was saying look it's not just about how many creatives you're testing but what types and when I talk about creative diversity I don't just mean image versus video I'm talking about the the specific concept we can break it down is this a POV is this a text heavy static is this a animation with like a Simpsons style. Is this a talking head before after UGC? Is it a us versus them UGC? Like it's endless. Just comment playbook on any single person's LinkedIn posts and they'll send you a million um concepts, right? Um and then so anyone who wants more concepts, just scroll on LinkedIn, I'm sure someone has them. Um and and this was it. And it was actually at at Ragger last year where I said I feel like next year is going to bring a change and I I've kind of been waiting for this to see if it if it's happening and I think it's happening which is it's no longer just about volume and diversity in your ad account. It's about volume and diversity of your creative relative to every single one of your competitors both direct and indirect. Right? And again, Nathan's speculation. Um, but what I mean by that is we we know what's on our ad account. Yes, we can see what competitors are running. But we only ever optimize for our creative. We don't know what our c our competitors CPMs are. We don't know what their CPTs are. We don't know what their CPIs are. We don't know what their CPAs are. Yes, we can see what creatives they're running. Now, we can even see like rank by impressions to see what their winning creatives are, but there's a whole load of variables missing. And the approach that I've seen over the past 3 years um and increasingly with AI is we're going to spy on our competitors and we're going to clone their creative, right? And this is kind of everyone's starting point, which is I'm going to I'm going to launch a running app. I'm going to see what Runner are doing. I'm going to spy on their creative, clone their best creatives, and then launch them to my ad account. That just doesn't work anymore, right? Like, it's a great zero to one. You'll get some conversions, you may even be profitable, but trying to scale like this, it it does not work. And the reason it doesn't work, >> you think, oh, yeah. Yeah, go ahead. >> Yeah. The reason it doesn't work is I think three slash fourfold. One, they have significantly higher budgets, right? Like if you launch and you've got 10,000 a month, even 100,000, even 200,000 a month, it doesn't really matter. There's someone spending more and if you have the exact same creative, like who do you think Meta's algorithm is going to prioritize, right? We don't know how the blackbox works, but I know Meta like money, right? Like whose creative are they going to push, right? Who's going to get something extra? Is it going to be us or or the big spender? Um, so this is variable one. Variable two is something we kind of have more control over which is as you said price which is you're competing now against a bigger player with more ad spend and you've got a lower price product which means they can outbid you in the auction >> right and and this is something that I I feel like has been lost in conversation over the past few years which is that Meta is an auction right ads manager meta ads it's an auctionbased like ads management platform yes you're literally tweaking and bidding as you would on like a compared to like a search platform. But the way it works is an auction. Meta decides which creative to show to which user at what given point in time based on a whole lo of variables. One of them is spend. One of them is historical metrics. And realistically, if you have a a lower target cost per trial or target cost per action than your competitor, you're going to pull out sooner. you're going to be like, "Let's kill that ad. It's a loser." Whereas your competitor is going to be like, "Yeah, we could we can afford that." >> Now, >> and let me let me interrupt you there. And I think it's like super and maybe you were getting to this anyway, but um it's super important to recognize too that cost per per action, cost per target or whatever um is made up of so many variables. And this is the thing that you lose is that, you know, Runa has a brand. They're doing brand marketing now. They're associated with Strava. They have organic coming in. They have like all these layers of advantages. U they probably have higher conversion. They probably have better um onboarding than you. They probably it's like all these things stack up. So it's not just like oh you know they charge, you know, $60 I don't even know what their price is these days, but $60 a year and then I'm going to price $80 a year. Well, guess what? That may get you lower conversions. Uh, and if everything else isn't dialed in, you just you can't afford to compete on that cost per action price because you're not as dialed in. You don't have the brand. There's just so many factors playing against you where and I think this is, you know, maybe you were getting to this, but it's like I think that's part of what people miss too. It's like why can't I just like spend? It's like well like the apps that are spending there's reasons they're able to spend and you got to get things like really dialed in to make it work. especially if you're like directly competing with like just copying their ads. >> Yeah. Yeah, you're completely right. Like the organic side of things I think is often overlooked by paid teams. Um we consider organic in blended, right? But do we really consider how big of a brand presence or an organic um presence our competitors have relative to us? because as you say, this this really makes a difference both in terms of the the uplift that you just see because you have a more brand recognition um down to the fact that you can afford to spend more because your blended CPA will just naturally be be lower. Um I think that's that's one thing and then it gets even more tricky when you think about things like like what what the the government in Turkey are doing kind of with with ad spend and right like let's let's stop and explain that. So the Turkish government has this insane tax policy >> where if you are an app some app developer must have lobbyed I don't a friend of the government government or the president or something that up to like five I don't know the exact details but it's something like up to $500,000 is just like rebated to you as an app developer. $500,000 of app spend and it's like per app. And so these Turkish developers are able to outspend you. They're acquiring a ton of apps. They're building apps to compete. Um and it's just an insane advantage that nobody else in the world has that they're essentially getting like massive free ad spend. >> Yeah. Yeah. It's like firstly shout out to to all the Turkish developers. You guys go keep keep smashing it. like you know >> I I we we actually met three or four of them in New York last year at RA at app growth annual super cool and like really great apps incredible operators like super impressive. Yeah. So nothing nothing to like throw shade or anything like they're doing like really good work but it but it is a little like it feels a little unfair >> but hey that's the world right like they get an advantage and they're going to leverage that advantage like smart you know they're doing really well. Exactly. Like we're just we're just jealous for like all the and I'm not saying someone's watching this and they're going to take away and say so basically Nathan told me that the reason why my app isn't scaling is because I'm not I'm not from Turkey. No. Um it's just there's so many variables around both the algorithm and the auction that that are coming into play that I think are compounding to make it so challenging right now. Like the other one is signal volume, right? which is back to back to the the bigger apps and and the reason I come at this because obviously the title is creative strategy is dead. I don't mean creative strategy is dead. I mean it's been killed, right? The the typical way of doing things. It's like it's been killed. Of course, creative strategy is still super important and we'll come to this. Um but I spoke to someone the other week and they'd essentially built a a pipeline and a system and like we've built we've built something like this too actually. um where you point it at a competitor's creative library and you're you're just kind of cloning their creative, right? And AI AI takes over and comes up with variants and versions of their creative and then you can just, you know, launch these and and you go and this it does work to a certain point and some of these will perform to an extent. But no one's scaling their ad account from 200k to two million a month in spend just by doing this. If someone is, I would love for them to challenge me, right? Like because maybe maybe that is the case. But when technology and AI has essentially democratized creative production, right? Where anyone can make anything. It's not hard. Sure, you need systems in place. You need to build this out, but anyone can make anything. So the question becomes what do you make? Not can you make it but but what do you make? And the the approach of I'm going to copy Dualingo. Don't don't do that. You can't compete. So what we've essentially been seeing is that with the rise of AI, people have gotten sloppier with with creative because right by by default, right? Because it's easier to make creative. So the bar lowers, you kind of care a little bit less, but at the same time that the kind of market is rewarding higher quality and we can discuss what we mean by quality because I don't necessarily mean polished um but higher quality creative. So I'll explain it now like what do I mean by high quality creative? This will save everyone some time. Uh I basically mean you need to be super super innovative when it comes to creative strategy. I if if Claude has given you an idea, Claude has also given your competitor the idea, right? Like assume that as a starting point. Assume that anything that that Manis, that Claude, the chat GPT, that Grock, that Gemini gives you has someone else has too. And if you say, "Yeah, but the thing is like I' I've fed it with my my secret source of creative and and something else." I'm sure I'm sure you have, but so is everyone else. And they may not have the exact same creative, but they're pointing at the same ad libraries. So everyone's doing the same thing and the way to win at scale is never to do the same as everyone else. It's to do something that they're not yet doing and to go beyond that. And unfortunately or I say unfortunately I I say unfortunately because I've spent the last 18 months building an AI growth agent um right for for for tons of things but creative production being one of them and we can we can touch on that but unfortunately when it comes to creative strategy which is the actual idea I don't think that it's a wise idea to dispatch this to to AI. Um, and again, I'm I'm really am open to being proven wrong here, and I I want to be proven wrong because that would make life easier. Um, but it's about coming up with something so left of field that the AI is going to say, "Ah, you're absolutely right. What a great idea." Um, as opposed to something that it's it's given you. >> Yeah. Yeah, that makes a lot of sense. Um, we had some really great questions come in from Strength Pals. I'm going to hang on hold those till a little bit later because they're not as relevant to what we're currently talking about. Um, but keep the questions coming. I will get back to them. Um, really great questions. Um, so yeah, let's dig into like what do you do? Like what's what are the strategies that are actually working today? So, so the main one you've talked about so far is is like just getting better at creative. Uh, and maybe we should start there. like >> what's the like process to get better at creative and then we can go through some of the other things that are working. >> Yeah. I I don't know who it was who said this. Someone out there in the internet said something about taste, right? And like AI not having taste. Uh like I I'll tell you everyone like what we're doing like personally like in as an agency we're really looking to up our game across the board when it comes to innovative creative strategy and finding taste makers who really just have some spark, right? It's it's a lot easier said than done. Um, it it's very very difficult to find an exceptional creative strategist who's genuinely exceptional and it's very hard not to work them to the point where their creative spark starts to dim, right? It's it's it's a fine line. Like for us as an agency, that problem is compounded, but for anyone watching who's who's in-house, the problem's still there. Um, so one, pay more to your creative strategies. No, I'm joking. Um, one, be be prepared to to really question your creative strategist and look for someone who can take you to that next level. >> They're not easy to come by and I think it's going to be it has been and will continue to be a role that's in super high demand. Um, but this is what I would say you should you should seriously focus on is finding creative strategists who just bring things to the table that you didn't think of. Um, this is this is step one. I think step two is understanding that when you're producing a creative, no one knows what a winner looks like. Like even that creative strategist who's exceptional, they're probably wrong, right? I I made a just uh I think it was in in April at at BOA London that if everyone likes to act like us marketeers, right, everyone likes to act like we we really know what makes a winning creative and that that you should listen to us. But if if anyone out there genuinely knew what the next winning ad was, they would be a billionaire. Um, right? Like if if I if I had a 100% win rate, I I don't know what I'd be doing. I'd have many yachts. Um, but but I say that to say be prepared to question everything you think and just leave leave the assumptions at the door. So, we have this a lot and I I can speak to this because we we speak with a lot of founders and and growth teams and creative teams, but typically, well, I I'll I'll be politically correct. Everyone has an opinion, right? But I don't care, right? And and right, and by that I mean it's maybe you're right, maybe I'm right. Let's try both and let's see. Um is essentially my my approach because we we don't know. But if you are someone who is trying to understand what makes a winning creative and is spending all of this time like learning what makes a good hook. Yes, these are foundational things to do, but it's like at at scale you throw all this out the window and you essentially just just produce good creative which I I was speaking to um our growth director who is by the way exceptional at at creative strategy. It's it's quite impressive. And I said, "What's your secret? What like what talk me through like what it is you do?" And she said to me, "Well, I open up like Instagram or Tik Tok. I start scrolling. I see something. I think of one of the clients and I have a great idea." Um, it's like not not particularly helpful. Um, but but that's that's the process. >> Yeah. It it do you find that you can kind of supercharge those really good taste creative directors with AI? Like you know I is is that creative director just manually scrolling and manually coming up with ideas or are there are there ways you found to like help accelerate that process to to get more done? >> Yeah, great question. I think it's a case of eyes on creative um and eyes on good creative. So you can build systems to to pull, you know, creatives from anyone's ad library and put these in front of your face. And if you're looking at these and you have that that kind of skill, ideas will just come. Um and I think the more creatives that you lay your eyes on, both paid and organic, the more ideas that will be generated. Um yes, you can have you can have AI do a lot of this. You can have AI watch the creatives and come up with ideas. I by all means do all of this, but I think having a human to take that idea, flesh that out into a script or a brief that uses just the right language that's going to pull on heartstrings, I think is is great. And I think two two examples I'll give of this um and this this is going to be something that ages really badly. like we're going to look in like one to two years time it's going to be like oh well he was wrong. Um and I I'll use the example of why but I haven't come across any top novels that AI has written yet. Maybe maybe someone has but like you know bestselling novels or or series right the next Harry Potter I haven't seen AI produce that yet. Of course AI can write in the style of JK Rowling. Of course, AI can come up with a story, but but is it making best-selling books? Question mark. I think I was going to say it will age badly because like in the music industry, there have been like top charting songs that have been AI generated, but even those were actually written by a human, right? Um, and I think the tension that a lot of teams are facing at the moment is do we go allin with AI and just give everything to AI or do we actually try and and hold on to the old way of doing things? And I think it's neither. I think the middle ground is we let AI do whatever it can do to make us more efficient. So finding those creatives that I should be looking at, right? Helping me understand what's in them. um producing AI generated videos like UGC statics all of that absolutely but we also hold on to and try and figure out where we can add value on top um and I think another analogy is if we think of the world's best speakers like you know like keynote speakers when they speak they captivate audiences because there's something about the words they use the intonation everything if we're talking about UGC See, the exact creator that you uses makes a big difference. Some creators are just not genuine. Some creators, you can tell that they're forcing it. And it's the same with AI. Some AI avatars, the the tonality is off. Something's not quite right. But it's about finding something that that moves people. And I think without getting too airy fairy and brandy, like creating a creative that moves someone um is is a starting point. If it doesn't move them, it's probably not going to work. And I and I say that not just in a a brand way, but by that I mean if it doesn't capture their attention, which arguably moves them, it's not going to work. If it doesn't really make them question a decision they've made or the current state of their life, it it's not going to work. So, of course, let Claude do something, but but don't fully withdraw. >> Yeah. How how much are you using organic to help inform and kind of get reps on that these days? We I talked to Shane last week on Subub Live about his thoughts on kind of the organic to paid flywheel. And then I also wanted to dive in and this will be the follow-up question, but like you know what's the advice to to solo founders or small teams of developing those kind of skills and maybe like organic where there's not as much money on the line is kind of a way to kind of like get reps in as you try and scale to paid. >> Yeah, I I'll start with the second question and work backwards. >> Okay. >> For for any small team who hasn't tried paid yet, don't try paid until you've tried organic. Right. This would be my my genuine advice. Um, unless you're sitting on tons of cash that you're just willing to burn. Um, in which case I'd say be more wise, but but if you are, like just don't do it. Reason being is the highest cost of making metal work isn't the ad creative production cost. It's the ad spend, right? It's the spend required to find a winning creative. And even if you try and you know you can try and be like oh we're we're only going to test for for installs and then we're going to find the ones that perform best on install like whatever like you can do what you want to do but the point is at the end of the day you're spending a lot of money to test and if you have a thousand creatives to test and you're pushing them all through paid that's you're looking at a lot of money on the organic side. However you can just just push out content. So that's that's always the advice I give even to people who come to us and say hey like we want to work with you I say it's probably not the best decision for you. Um the challenge there is and it comes into your second part of the second question. How do people develop those skills? The challenge there is not only do you need to develop those skills but they they're not directly applicable to paid. There are of course, you know, similarities in what works in an organic creative to a paid creative, but the it's just different. Many many times you'll take an organic post specifically on Meta, try and run this as a a partnership ad or a kind of paid ad, and it won't perform like you'd expected. Vice versa with with Tik Tok. Um, and I but I think there's a few things you can can do to to kind of get that skill. One, I think, is just study good creative. to study viral posts. Like just just look at them and ask yourself like why why is this funny? Like why why are like 200,000 people commenting on this? And often times you find that it's not just the creative itself, but it's the timing. Like it's it's a specific trend speaking to a specific moment that happened that's relevant today. That's that's not a skill you can build, but you can stay on top of trends and then use that to inform your your approach. The other thing I'd suggest people do is like just spend time producing stuff and putting it out there. The best way to learn is to just try and for organic that's that's somewhat free. So I I hope I answered that that question. >> Yeah. Yeah. And then you know as as you were talking it actually made me think of like one really really good concrete example and this was shared on the subclub podcast that I did with the founder of Opel Kenneth. They had this one creative. You probably know which one I'm talking about. It's like it's it's this like um you know, social media is a nuclear power bomb aimed straight at your central cortex or whatever. Um and and I I didn't talk in detail with Kenneth about you know how much money they've put, whether they hit ad fatigue, but that is probably one of the like hero creatives of all time that that they've been they've been running that same creative for like 18 months, which is almost unheard of. Um but the story behind it is that that was actually created by a filmmaker who is a fan of Opel. Not and it it wasn't created related to Opel. It was created uh because they were thinking about their own screen time usage and and why it was important and everything like that. And so they created a short film. The the founder contacted that person was like, "This is amazing." And maybe it did mention Opal or something, but he found out that it's an Opal. it was an Opal user. And so then the they turned that like little short uh film into ad creative. Uh and and that's just a perfect example of what you've been saying this whole time is like that is a that is a filmmaker creating like a really great piece of creative that actually worked as a short film that then was able to be transitioned into like probably one of the top hats of the last couple of years. >> Yeah. It's crazy. It just goes to show that you don't know where your next winner is going to come from or who it's going to come from. Uh, one of the things I was saying to someone last week was I I encourage people that they should be they should be looking for, you know, whoever like many creative strategists, many creative agencies and creative partners to to come up with ideas because ultimately you don't care about where the idea comes from. You just care about which ones when. Um, and I think we have to be a little bit more carefree and and less less um less emotional and controlling over the creative process because otherwise you're you're blocking stuff like that, right? Like I'm sure I'm sure many people could have found a reason not to reach out to that guy or Yeah, but Right. But but they did and here we are. >> Yeah. Um, I I I want to get to questions because we already have some good questions, but I want to give you one final and and you know, depending on how many more questions come in, uh, we may be able to get back to it. But before we move on to questions, I did want to give you a final like we have so many more notes that we're not going to be able to get through, but any kind of like, uh, quick hits to like uh, that that you want to make sure to get across before we do move on to questions? Yeah, I think um I think there's a few things we were going to talk about about funnel, but I think this is more applicable for for smaller apps. What I will say is you need to understand like how you size up against your competition, right? So like the the biggest thing I would suggest is like really study the competition. Try and get some insider information, right? Like is it possible for you to know how much they're spending? You probably know their pricing, but do you know like what percentage of their users are choosing annual or choosing quarterly or or monthly or how are they experimenting with weekly? I'm not saying copy your competitors, right? This is the difference. I'm saying try and understand them. I understand whether they're even profitable. Do they care about being profitable because this this determines how you approach the channel. And this is specifically important for like number two, three, four in the space, especially like 345. if you're like the fourth biggest app in your space um on on Meta, you can't compete at the same level in the same way. So, you need to find that that angle. And I do personally think that that angle will either come from innovative creative like figuring out how to to crack organic at a greater scale to allow you to compete more. I don't think it's fair to say um that you need to improve your payable, right? like you know what I mean like people will be like oh yeah if you can't get creative to work then let's look somewhere this isn't this isn't what I'm saying um >> but you do need to improve your pay wall >> you have to right it's it's never either or it's both and >> yeah 100% >> all right anything else before we jump to questions >> no I think I think we're good >> all right and then again we might we might get some time depending on how many questions come in so now now's your chance throw the questions in we're we're going to go for Uh Nathan's uh super deep in all of this. Uh this one I thought was a really good one. Thoughts on tools like AppStack? Is it legitimately a gamecher compared to traditional MMP SDK? So uh do you have specific experience with AppStack? I've heard a lot of people talking about it. I know the founder uh seems seems impressive and I I have heard anecdotally some things are working well there. What are your thoughts? >> Yeah, so we have some clients who are using AppStack. Um, I know Lucas very well. I spoke to him in detail about like his product roadmap and like what what he's doing. Um, for starters, the last I heard there's like a hideous weight list and it's impossients who I want to use AppStack who currently can't use AppStack. Um, so so that's one thing. Two, I've heard some great stories, right? We've seen some great success with how AppStack has helped. How does it compare to traditional MMP? It's it's entirely different in what what AppStack team are trying to do, right? Especially with their enhanced app campaigns. They're coming at things from a essentially like a a web first lens. Um, which I think is is different. It's definitely different to how MMPs have have come at things. I I wouldn't say it's a case of appstack versus MMP. I think it's a case of if you're if you're looking to scale a page channel, you should be considering enhanced app campaigns. And AppStack is a great way to do this. Um, one thing I'll also say is like personally, and I'm I'm not an investor in AppStack, by the way. I I'm I I wanted to be an investor in AppStack, but I was investing in some uh some stuff I was doing. Um, but but personally, I would bet on the AppStack team and Lucas to crack this because he's obsessed with attribution in a hideously scary way. I've never met anyone more obsessed with attribution. It's quite concerning. Um, so, so yeah, definitely reach out. Like I said, we've we've seen clients who've had great results. >> Yeah. Yeah, great answer. Uh, and great to you, you know, the founder well and everything like that. So, maybe a little biased, but I think we're both a little biased. We both like Lucas and want to see him succeed, but uh, so take it take take everything we just said with a grain of salt. U, but it does does seem to be getting results for people, and that's what matters. So, uh, all right, next question. Instagram feeds versus reals, stories, placements, which do you normally see perform best for clients? I mean, I I would imagine it's a uh depends on the client, but what are your thoughts on like what to start with, what seems to work for different categories or any kind of like insights there? >> Yeah, I mean this this is a great question, right? And I think um Marcus Burke is uh very big on on placement placement talk. Essentially, it's not a case of one placement versus another. It's a it's a case of can we find a winning creative for each placement and treating placements in isolation. For example, I literally spoke with someone yesterday evening who said that they have a creative that's performing really well on reals but isn't performing well on feed but yet like 25% of spend is going to feed. Should they kill feed? Right? Um was was the question. And the advice I gave them is everyone will tell you don't kill feed. Let Meta's algorithm do its thing. This is the playbook answer. I would say see what happens and see what happens in your ad account because there have been times where we have taken a specific creative that meta seems to want to display on a specific placement and it shouldn't isolated this in like a single ad ads set like limited the placement distribution and it has performed. There's been times where we've done the exact same thing and it's tanked. So, it's there's never a white or black answer there. Um, but we try and always find winning creatives for each placement. In terms of how and in which order, I think one, it depends on like the age demographic and users that you're targeting. Like Facebook feed, for example, is going to draw in typically an older demographic to Instagram res stories. Um, and you want each piece of content that you're creating to be native for that specific placement. So, don't try putting a super fast-paced video in a Facebook feed placement. Like, I haven't seen this work too often. Um, hopefully that helps. Maybe you have a follow-up question, David. Or maybe there's something else to unpack. >> No, no, no. That's great. And I think the the uh Facebook feed thing is is an important point. Like, I think a lot of people sleep on that. The questions didn't ask about that. But if you're not experimenting with Facebook feeds specifically, it it I mean it's kind of uh almost a what's like a joke at this point, but it's like the boomer the boomer app. Uh but boomers have a lot of money. So if you have an app that is targeted at that demographic or that for some reason fits well with that demographic, don't sleep on the Facebook feed. And then like you were saying, you know, treat it as its own placement and and don't put your winning Instagram reels as Facebook feed stuff. So, uh, but yeah, any anything specific on Facebook feed? Like, are there specific apps you've seen really crush it there or anything? Uh, because again, I think that's something a lot of people sleep on. So, any insights there I think are are bit of alpha. >> Yeah, I think you kind of nailed it. It depends whether the app is not even the app, but whether you're trying to target a boomer audience at the moment, right? Because we've worked with some apps that have been like more dominant towards a younger audience, but we've crafted messaging and creative specifically to engage an older audience. Um, there's been fitness apps that target older audiences that work really well on the feed. Like the challenge can be that because statics often work really well in the feed. If you've struggled to find statics that work well and communicate the value proposition of your app versus video, you may struggle a little bit. It can it can definitely be done though, right? Like I've seen textheavy statics, literally wall of text creatives speaking about like a fitness app work on Facebook feed. We're not saying we're not showing anyone's transformation results or anything like this. Um yeah. >> Yeah. No, that's great. And I mean it's a great insight there too. like some really off-the-wall things that you would not typically recommend as an ad can work sometimes, especially in the right place with the right audience. And that wallet text kind of makes sense for the Facebook feed as like a more static, more like I'm scrolling and like reading and catching up on things and looking at photos. So, it kind of makes sense like that it's more native to that that platform. Um, but yeah, crazy. I think one of the reasons is I don't know if if you spend much time on on Facebook. I I don't like Facebook, but every time I spend time on Facebook, I'll see like a post from a group and it will be like a bright pink or blue background with like blocky white text like inviting you to a summer barbecue or something and it's just like, you know, it's it's not polished, but it's it's native and it's like just scroll the scroll the feed and and try and produce something something like that. Um, but but I say that because typically the the more polished graphics can work well on Facebook feed because the older audience is looking for that that kind of a brand trust. >> Yeah. Yeah. All right. Another great question from Strength Pals. Um, how do you deal with trial starts that cancel immediately? Do you delay the conversion event back to meta to keep your data clean? >> Yeah, this is a very very juicy topic. So, uh, yeah, I I was recently listening to Thomas speak about um, Signal. Um, yes and no. It depends. So, it really it really depends how high your child cancellation rate is. And I think one thing I'd start with is if it's insanely high or or above the norm, there's probably something worth addressing and trying to figure out why first. because even if you fix this uh event optimization issue like downstream you're going to have have tons of issues as you try to scale. Yes, it is in my opinion sometimes worth doing this right like having an event fire you know whether this be server side um to essentially figure out this user has started the trial they haven't canceled the trial after x period of time we're delaying the conversion now we're going to send the trial back to to meta the time window that you do this varies there are very diverse opinions and perspectives on this some people are adamant of day one some people say you can go all the way up to day seven people say day three. I it varies. It does seem to be the case that the sooner you can send back the high quality signal to meta, the better. So like my advice would be don't delay so much, right? You still want to send this back, but it's also a volume issue. If you have a massive app and you can afford to wait 23 hours, 24 hours beyond before sending back that signal and that means that you're losing 40% of your trial volume, but you still have enough volume to to help MetaLarn, then you should definitely experiment with that. Um, but I would say you need to test these and and be aware that it takes time to find that combination. >> Yeah. And one thing to keep in mind too is um skyhigh trial cancellation rate is a very relative thing. So, you know, if you're a hard payw wall app, you're going to have higher trial cancellation. If you're premium app, you maybe shouldn't even do a free trial if you're a premium app. Uh and so those things will vary. You know, we do have a lot of data in the state of subscription apps report. I I don't remember if we break down trial cancellation rate by hard payw wall and premium in in the report. Um, but yeah, just something to keep in mind is like, you know, and funnels are tricky thing. I say this all the time, you know, defining what is and isn't working is really more about the whole funnel, not one individual piece of the funnel. And so if you overly focus on trial cancellation uh when maybe you can make up for it in volume um also and you know again something we've talked about a lot but just to bring up again um traffic source is going to make a huge difference if your app gets featured by Apple if you're getting really low intent organic that can really skew your numbers where maybe your paid trial cancellation rate is actually really low. It's just that your numbers are getting skewed. So, so like you know if there's ways that you can dig into that and look at those cohorts differently. Um you know the these are all things to be thinking about in this funnel optimization because it it is really tricky and then even though like not to throw our report under the bus but like it's a helpful tool but it's not going to tell you what is going to work for your app and not work. I've seen apps that have like bottom quartile performance and several metrics but they make up for it in other ways. Um, and so, you know, I mean, even like the my weather app, it's gotten featured a bunch. I got a bunch of press around it. And so, the the performance isn't great objectively. And I do want to, you know, I have tried to work on it. Um, but it's like it's it's like free money because because I'm not spending on paid and it's all like getting featured and press and all kind of earned media versus like me paying. And so so while I want to work on that funnel, I shouldn't expect with that kind of audience coming in that my numbers would be like top quartile in every way. And until I start spending on paid, I don't even know like how much room there is for that kind of optimization. Like maybe maybe it's like fantastic and if I started spending on paid it would actually like perform really well. I don't know, right? And that's why there's just so many variables that you need to try and understand to like actually dial in your funnel and and so many contextual things that will have an impact on what works and what doesn't work and why it works. >> Yeah. One one other thing on that that question that we didn't talk about earlier but is worth talking about is is the piece around signal, right? And and essentially it is one of the variables that we have to control and it's becoming it's becoming increasingly important. I think at the the Meta conference a few weeks back like this was one of the topics right like people were talking about signal meta officially were talking about signal um and there are multiple companies that you can go and check out that are doing signal engineering and helping you essentially build models to send back qualified events at a specific time to meta based on you know a whole lot of predictive modeling and other things. I think this is a big thing to look into. If you have the resource available to do this in-house, amazing. If not, you can check out these companies like like Day30. I know for example, um like Voyantis, like Churnley, like these companies that that do this. Um some of them are more expensive than others, but it is a it is a big lever. And Meta's always been, I say always, increasingly year after year, month after month, Meta has become a platform where if you tell it what you want, they're probably going to give it to you. So therefore, make sure you tell it what you want. Um, and Signal is how we do that. Yeah. Yeah. Great answer. Um, this is a little self- serving, but uh uh does Revenue Cat have any solutions for web app funnels? Yes, we launched a webfunnel product earlier this year and have a pretty big team iterating on that. Uh the same person asked a question I don't have a great answer to and if you don't Nathan we can just point them to um searching the web but uh Google Play and the policies around web payments. Um, do you know off the top of your head or do we just need to say I I think we have a blog post about this and if we don't we're actually working on like a really deep comprehensive like what are Apple's policies globally, what are Google's policies because different countries have different rules and it's gotten very complex. Uh, and so I know one of my colleagues I don't think it's published but I know one of my colleagues has been working on a very like comprehensive understanding of all the different policies on all the different platforms. Uh, so keep an eye out for that. I wish wish I had a more clear answer for you. Uh, but yeah, it's complicated and and I just can't keep it all in my head these days because it is so complicated. Um, here here's a good one. I actually should have Ashley Black on a live stream soon to talk about Google Ads, but do you have any experience with Google ads and do they work with video? Um, uh, is it or is it best to stick stick with text and image on Google? >> Yeah, like video does work. We do have clients that are running Google ads. It's not our primary channel that we focus on. Um but it but it does work. What also works pretty well and is worth considering is like YouTube ads specifically if you're running webunnels. Um it's just YouTube ads, not in like Google UAC campaigns, but isolated um campaigns where you're running Google ads. This is worth exploring if you have like a good video production system and you've been let's say you've cracked meta reels, you've been pushing on Tik Tok and you know that you've got this kind of short form video content. I I would say this um the thing is those statics still work on Google ads which is which is crazy, right? So experiment with both but hopefully you can find some um some statics that that do the job. But we we we always have at least some video. >> Yeah. And I I it is surprising. Uh you know, I've been hearing more and more anecdotally that um YouTube ads do sometimes perform well for sending people directly to the app store because more and more people are watching YouTube on their phone, but it's like it only works like in really specific cases. And I don't think there's still not a way to like only target mobile YouTube versus like and and that's where it gets so tricky working with Google's blackbox. It's like it's especially on on um YouTube specifically because like on Instagram it's like they're holding a device in their hand. I mean there's not I mean did the iPad app even launched? Maybe they just launched it like this year but historically it's only been an a a smartphone in your hand. So, the formats that work, um, you can link directly to the app store. Like, there's so many advantages. Whereas YouTube, somebody could be and I I do this. I was on on my exercise bike in the garage right behind me this morning watching YouTube. Now, I have a paid subscription, so I don't see ads. But like, if I'm on my exercise bike and I see an ad, I'm not clicking through to the app store. It's on a TV in front of my exercise bike. I've just got the little remote there. Um, so it can get tricky. And these are the like platform nuances that are really important to understand. And you know, we could do a whole podcast about that or a whole live stream about that. And I probably should with with uh Ashley. Um she's kind of our our go-to Google Ads expert. >> All right. I have uh this is actually a fun one and and a a chance for you to pitch yourself as we wrap up. We're curious to to your response. Um I'm an absolute beginner and my app is about 80% developed. I'm looking to launch in two months. How do I market this? Should I experiment by myself first or reach out to someone like you? Um perceptics. So yeah, what's and and so we'll phrase this two ways. You know, what's your kind of beginner advice then? At what point do you think it does make sense to like work with an agency and what are the qualifications you would even look for before taking on a client to make sure that it would be a successful engagement? >> Yeah. So firstly, I would say at your stage, you should definitely do it yourself because you need to know where when you talk to a creative agency, a performance agency or consultant, are they talking nonsense, right? Are they just giving you the good spiel, but they don't know what they're talking about? Once you've done it yourself and you've got experience, you'll you'll know. Um you'll also have an appreciation for how um yeah, how difficult things can be. Um which will will work well for everyone. My advice would be and I'm not sure David if in the the recent kind of startup um school whether there was anything specifically for for meta ads actually or for for pageua um >> it was like a highle kind of like ad strategy course but it didn't get super deep. I think we are working on deeper courses for app app school. >> Got it. Got it. Yeah. I I mean take to YouTube pretty much you can find everything you need to know about getting started on YouTube and everything that you can't find on YouTube you can ask Claude about. Um also if you spend a lot of time on LinkedIn um following like relevant people who are in the space like I've posted some stuff about this. I know Marcus Burke posts a lot about this. David Vargas posts a lot about this. Thomas Pati comments on a lot of stuff that's worth taking a look at. So follow him for the comments. um you know the these people are speaking about like pageua a lot um you you'll be able to figure it out. >> And then what are the what are the qualifications to be a good customer to someone like perceptics or Marcus Burke or or folks like that like what's the kind of the budget the stage of the app the kind of uh stage of the funnel being dialed in and that kind of thing. >> Yeah. I mean like so for us personally we've only taken on one client all year. Um we're yeah we're essentially we're looking for apps that we can really make an impact for long term. So typically apps that have already been spending on meta like most likely 200k a month budgets. We have got apps and clients that are spending you know 50k a month but really we're looking for people who who are actively looking to scale up to high six figure seven figure monthly budgets and they want a partner who understands how to do that. Um, so that that's one thing. And then in terms of like what we look for, we we look for teams that have tried this themsel, right, which is like you're coming to us because something you've tried hasn't worked or you think that there's a different avenue you'd like to explore and we can help with that specifically and and typically this is a lot on the creative side. So apps at this scale probably have an in-house UA manager or or are looking for one but want support on the creative side or maybe like funnel optimization um and recognize that in order to have 50 plus creatives a week that are diverse not just for your own app but on meta it requires something else. >> Um and then I I'll I'll tack on to that another shameless self-promotion here as we wrap up. Um, th this is actually part of why I'm doing this live stream on the 18th with Nick from Noise. Um, and what we're going to do is kind of like take me and my vibecoded app through that experience of okay, like can I can I make organic work? If I get organic working, maybe I maybe I'll take that next step and we can do some live streams about that where I actually do start spending. Um uh but Nick runs this platform called Noise um where you can hire UGC creators and you can do it on very small budgets and and he has like a million creators signed up to his. It's pretty crazy um the the kind of tooling that is being built around all of this now. So you can um you can go onto their platform and again we're going to like show the dashboard on the 18th. We're going to like show the the campaigns, show how to set them up. Um, and so it really is going to be kind of that that boot camp for like um doing this kind of creator UGC and doing it on a budget. I mean I I probably will spend a few thousand dollars. Um but but the goal will be to like have that like low barrier to entry of just getting started. Whereas you know like Nathan was saying like most consultants that you would hire um you know you really need to have 100k 200k budget and and expect to be spending even more to make sense because you for their expertise and time the amount of money you need to spend to create the to generate the creatives to test the creatives and everything else like that. like it it is a kind of later stage kind of thing but but I am trying to like balance that with some of this earlier stage content so tune in on the 18th. Um all right we are already a couple minutes over there were some other good questions. Um ah let me Okay, one more just came in. This is a good place to wrap up. Perfect place to wrap up. All right. What ad platform do you recommend getting started on if we just launched our MVP? I think our answer is organic and tune in on the 18th. Um but if you if you have organic and it seems to be working and you have some signs of success um what what's the next phase? >> Yeah. Then the question would be which organic platform worked? If if Tik Tok worked then start with Tik Tok ads. If meta worked start with meta ads. Um >> yeah this this is my approach personally like I'm very comfortable with with meta. And I've seen a lot of subscription apps find it easier to get started on Meta that absolutely than Tik Tok. In fact, I've only met a handful of people like two who've ever said that they found Tik Tok significantly easier for their subscription app in the early days. Um but again, if you've cracked organic Tik Tok, >> yeah, I I heard something that I was very surprised to hear last week from Shane. He said that they are seeing organic do better on Instagram these days. And his theory is that Instagram has so effectively copied the Tik Tok uh algorithm that organic is performing as well or better on Instagram than it is on Tik Tok. And that that is not you know for the last like five years if you're an app like start your organic on Tik Tok but this may be the contrarian play today is start your organic on Instagram and see how that does. Uh the the one last thing I'll add there is the the um staging is probably like your own UGC. Um some paid UGC would be like the next step. Uh Apple search has we didn't mention that but that really probably should be the very first like that andor paid UGC on one of these platforms like noise. Um would be like the the tie for number two. Um, and then then that's when you would then move on to once you've cracked that at some level of confidence and have your funnels doing reasonably well. Um, uh, then you would step up to like a meta or a Google ads. Yeah. All right. Anything else you want to share as we wrap up? Thank you so much everybody in the comments. U, this has been super fun. Lots of great questions. I love doing these. I mean, it's so fun to get so many good questions. We have such a great audience. Um, yeah. Anything else you wanted to share before we wrap? >> No, I mean thanks everyone. I mean yes I'm looking at the chat like oh looks like there were tons more questions maybe we didn't get to. Um but no if if you are looking to chat about creative strategy or want to dig deeper into h how to actually get those genuinely intuitive and innovative ideas like feel free to reach out to me on LinkedIn um message me. I'm I always try and respond. I've been a ghost on social media for the past six months, but I will respond. >> I'm always impressed when somebody's not on Twitter because I spend way too much time on it. So, the fact that Matt Mad props that you don't even have a Twitter handle. Um, but >> I need one. >> It's tough to to uh get your job done and be an effective adult and still be on social. It's it's catch 22 for me because I also need to spend enough time on the platforms to understand what works. >> So, all right. Well, thank you everybody for joining. Uh it's been another fun one. And uh as we said in the comments, um you like, subscribe, uh turn the little bell icon on so you're notified. We do these pretty much every Thursday now at 9:00 a.m. Central and I mean 9:00 a.m. uh Pacific, 1800, uh Central European time. And uh hey, we're going to have a calendar. Keep an eye out for a calendar. We'll probably start putting that in the descriptions uh where you can just subscribe to the calendar and it'll send you reminders when we're doing the live streams. Uh and keep the great questions coming. I I've been really really enjoying doing these live and being able to take questions live. So, thank you so much. And then Nathan, thank you so much. It was a gold mine of information there. Uh you certainly got me thinking today. So, thank you for for joining us today. >> All right. Thank you for having me. >> All right. Bye-bye everybody.

  Top Comments:
  1. @inglorious3559 [2 likes]: Fellow pro from the industry and a long-time Sub Club follower. Just a suggestion for the thumbnail would be to please refrain from using click-bait-y/twitter/Linkedin post style making huge claims like "Creative Testing is dead". At least for myself, I come here for the authentic high quality knowledge as a reliable voice in the industry, so the language should perhaps reflect that.
Just my two cents. Thanks for the content though, as usual great insight.

- Meta Ads Results Dropped? Andromeda Update Explained + the simple fix to rebuild: Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I'm going to explain in simple English why your Facebook ads performance may have dipped in the last few months and exactly what you will need to do to fix it. Because Meta did have a huge algorithm update which fundamentally changes the way ads are delivered. And this was called the Andromeda update and you need to understand this to be successful as we head into 2026. So give me a few minutes and I'll save you months of pain and guesswork. I'll explain [music] what the Andromeda update changed, how you need to change your campaign building, how to manage and optimize your ads post launch because [music] this changes a lot. So stick around for that. Links to each chapter are in the description so you can jump around. Let's get into it. So Andromeda explained. First, let's look at what changed and why. So several years ago, Meta's targeting was absolutely unmatched. and we could target, for example, a librarian living in London, aged between 30 and 35 years old. No problem at all. Then Facebook gets spanked with fines worth hundreds of millions of pounds for harvesting too much data on people in order to target them with their ads. So, it introduced its advantage plus targeting whereby it used AI to get the right ads in front of the right people at the right time. Now, what this new system did is work to identify the two to three best ads within a campaign or ad set, and it went allin on those, which meant that broader ads generally worked best. And if you launched 10 ads, the algorithm would likely kill eight of them pretty quickly and go all in on the remaining two. Now, you as the advertiser didn't need to actually do anything and turn the other ads off. The algorithm did it by itself. So, what was the problem and why did Meta change its algorithm? So basically Meta has loads of creatives but wasn't powerful enough to consider all of them. So it identified a few early winners and went allin. Now however ad spend will be spread far more evenly across different ads as it tries to match different copy and creatives with particular people and audiences. And this is why your strategy will need to change. And I'll explain how to do that in a moment. So, think of Meta Ads as like going to a library and the librarian has to match a book, an ad to the right customer. But she's got millions of books to choose from and can't possibly consider them all. So, she just goes to a handful of best sellers and uses them because most people are going to like them. Now, the Andromeda update is like replacing that librarian with a supercomput that can consider all of the millions of books much better and hopefully match the perfect book to the perfect customer. So, how does this change how you build your ads? So, you still need great data integrations to make your targeting work and you still need your pixel conversion API, CRM integrations, lists uploading, etc. However, a greater targeting emphasis is now placed on your ads themselves. Meta will take a large lead from your copy and your creatives when determining who to show your ads to. So, much like with SEO, think keywords and use your copy to make it really clear who your target product or services for. Now, your ads will need good creative variety targeting different audience personas. For example, if you were running lead generation ads for a business coaching service, previously you would have written various copy variations and created various images and videos that spoke to core target customers pain points and the outcomes that they desire. However, after the Andromeda update, best practice now is to write for several different audience personas. One persona could be business owners that are looking to scale. Another could be business owner who is super busy and overworked and you talk about this particular painoint and your ability to help them with their business systemization. A third persona could be business owners that are looking to sell their business and about how your service can help them build and negotiate that sale. The Andromeda update should allow all personas to be targeted within one adset and one campaign. Now about 5 years ago to do this we would have had a really granular interest and demographic based targeting and you would have had about three different adsets with unique ads within each to target these three audience personas. But today best practice to have one campaign, one adet with about 20 different ads targeting all different personas within that ad set. So this video is sponsored by GoHigh Level. If you don't already have a CRM hooked into Meta, you're leaving money on the table. Go High Level pulls leads straight into pipelines, triggers instant emails and texts, and makes follow-up automatic. We use it because it's allin-one, like HubSpot, but way cheaper. Use the link below for an extended trial. So, let's talk about how you optimize your ads campaign, and now the Adrometer update has landed because it is different. So, if you've been running your ads correctly, previously, you would have allowed the AI to identify the best performing ads and allocate your budget for you. However, today post Andromeda, the AI won't automatically kill ads like it used to. So, we're back to doing this manually. If you're monitoring your various ads and you see certain ads has a particularly high cost per result, you need to consider turning those ads off and forcing your ad budget into better performing creatives. Now, we're often running campaigns right now where we start with, say, 20 ads and a month later we've turned 14 off, leaving six high performers remaining. Now, a final important point, really important point. Metan rolls out these updates universally and immediately, meaning you may not have the Andromeda update on your account just yet. Now, eventually it will be rolled out to absolutely everybody, but my agency is working with about 100 different Meta Ads clients, and we're seeing that about 50% of them are on the Andromeda update, but the rest are on the legacy targeting system. This is exactly what they did when they rolled out Advantage Plus. So, that's all for now. Drop questions in the comment if you have one and we'll see you next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheOneAndOnlyNiamh [2 likes]: Hey Jamie, thank you for the update! Have been seeing rumbles of this on LinkedIn but not in ads yet. Question, do you think this is actually going to work? Or is segmentation still better?
  2. @jbp7343 [1 likes]: hey jamie, great content as always. I was wondering how many ads/angles you would use for a new campaign at a 50 daily budget. and more importantly, would you change the killrules with the new andromeda update? (if yes, what rules would you use?)
  3. @MariaGomez-lg2ug [1 likes]: With Andromeda, everyone talks about consolidating ads into a single ad set, but how do I know if my ads are working at the top or bottom of the sales funnel? NOBODY talks about that.

And most importantly — what happens with retargeting and lookalike audiences, which people don’t even mention anymore?

Does it still make sense to separate prospecting from retargeting, or should we just let Meta handle the entire funnel according to its Andromeda system?
  4. @withinressie [1 likes]: Good video thank you for explaining so well 🔥🔥
  5. @divyv20 [1 likes]: Hey  Jamie , really nice video! I was wondering if I could help you with high Quality Editing and thumbnails which will bring you very good results. Lmk if you are open to it man?
  6. @nasrodineelghalbzouri4849: I sell furniture online and would love your advice on campaign structure:
	1.	Should I run separate campaigns for each product category (e.g., mirrors, buffets, side tables), or is it better to group all categories into one broader campaign?
	2.	For creatives, is it recommended to keep Dynamic Catalog Carousels in the same campaign as my manual single images and single videos, or should they be separated?
  7. @darnassius92: Thanks for the info! How do I understand if I already have the Andromeda update?

- andromeda ruined your meta ads performance - here's what to do to fix it: Kind: captions Language: en What's up, guys? Good to see you again. It's been a minute, but I'm back. And in today's video, what I want to do is talk to you about the new Andromeda update. If you're watching this and you're running Facebook ads, I'm sure you've had a bit of a bumpy sort of last couple of months. Uh, especially since August, September, I've noticed that a lot of brands are really struggling. And to be honest, us too. So, a lot of our stores were experiencing a lot of bumpiness. Um, we were actually losing money some weeks. But we looked into the Andromeda update and in today's video I'm basically going to simplify it for you because there is a lot of information out there. And as you may know, Meta does these updates every few years and it reres havoc in the media buying space and in the Facebook ad space. But if you're on the right side of the update, you can grow your sales dramatically and outperform the others who are still running ads like we did in 2018. Now, this is going to be a very short video. I'm not going to screen share or do anything like that. I'm going to briefly explain what Andromeda is and what you need to do. And if you want me to go deep into this topic, drop me a comment below and I'll make more videos on it. But in a nutshell, guys, all Andromeda means is that it wants us as marketers and and brand owners and media buyers to prioritize more diverse creatives. Okay. So in a nutshell, what it means is that the old way of testing ads and running ads is dead. You know, when you used to have a CBO campaign or an campaign, you'd launch an ad set, say, with a concept, and you'd put three ads into it, and those three ads would be iterations of the same ad. Dead. Dead in the water. Doesn't work anymore. What Meta wants is for us to create three new ad concepts. Okay? So, if you're sitting there and making five, 10 of the same ads, you've got an image with 10 different hooks and you're throwing them into an ad set and you think that it's going to magically increase your performance. I'm sorry, guys, but you're wrong. What you need to do is have 10 different ads in an adset, but make sure that they're all different. They're talking to a different avatar. Or they can be talking to the same avatar. That doesn't really matter, but the ads need to look and feel different. Meta really wants diversity. Okay. So, the most simplified way that you can test now is to understand the persona of the customer that you're going after. Understand the angles that you're going after and produce UGC static review style ads, um, carousel ads, you know, customer testimonial, all of these different things and then put them all into one ad set. And what that's going to do is you're going to be able to create a funnel within that ad set. Okay. Now, how are we testing and are we still running bid caps? Yes, we are. We're still running bid caps, but we're testing a lot of our new creatives now in just an ASC campaign. Okay, so we're basically creating an ASC campaign. There's one ad set. Sometimes we're maxing it out with 50 different ads. And the funny part is is that back in the day, obviously, you used to have to segment out your, you know, products by by adset or the type of person you're going after by adset. Now, with the new update, all we're doing is we're throwing all of our creatives into the one adset. Okay? So, whether it be, you know, ads that are going after 40-year-old women or 25y old women or if say you're in beauty, maybe it's for for wrinkles refinement or it could be for acne. It doesn't matter. The point is we're putting them all into the same adset. Okay? So, Meta really wants us to consolidate, guys. You don't need to over complicate things. And honestly, I think that if you are struggling in terms of performance, and I say this from a place of it was us as well, and we had to really take a look at our our creatives and our ad account and see how we could improve, it most likely means that your ads are not diverse enough and you haven't done enough research into the the customer that you're targeting. Okay? Now, I'm going to try and simplify it in in a way like this. So, imagine a big circle of people. Okay? This is your entire customer group. within that circle are micro segments of people. Okay. Now, what will happen is if you have very similar creatives within your ad account, what's going to happen is Meta is going to serve it to one of those micro segments of people and keep serving it to those people. Okay? And that's why diversity is important because what will happen now that when you have diversity is you're going to be able to unlock those micro segments instead of just hammering the same segment. So, what you can do now is check your frequency in your ad account. If your frequency's gone up over the last couple of months, it's likely that your ads are serving to the same people and that's why your new customer acquisition is going up. Okay? And just another point guys, a lot of you and what I've noticed um a lot of you are actually looking at your meta attribution. Now, this is completely wrong, okay? because meta over attributes often and a lot of your conversions are probably coming from view through. So what you really want to do is use a platform like triple or any sort of platform where you can use UTM data and the number one metric you need to be looking at is your new customer rows. Okay, so for some brands new customer rise can be lower because quite simply you can afford to acquire customers at break even. For other brands you need to be profitable on your new customer orders. Okay. So, but if you're not looking at that data separately and segmenting it separately and just looking at meta and trusting meta, you're basically running blind. Okay. So, as a few sort of action steps, what can you do? You're watching this video. You're struggling. You're stressed. Sales are down. Now, guys, obviously there is that pre- Black Friday slump. But the way that I look at these kind of things is I don't give a crap about that. I'm going to control what I can control. And most of the time, and as I've been saying a lot on this channel, it's about creative diversity and it's about creative. Stop worrying about account structure and all that garbage. It's it's not as important as you think. What is important is your creatives. Okay? Diverse your creatives. Add more image, add more video, add more UGC, add more, you know, native sort of ads that are dropping people on advertorials, whatever. Just mix it up. Okay? Give Meta what it wants. It's using AI functionality now to read content and match it with an audience segment. Remember those micro segments I spoke about. So have that in your mind. Look at the metrics that I spoke about. And again guys, if you need help with your ads or you want any consulting or any advice, there's a calendar link in my bio. Happy to help. I've got some slots open going into Q4. So God bless you all. I know it's been a minute since I've I've posted a video, but I took some time off to spend it with my family and switch off. But I'm back. I'm going to be trying to drop I'm going to try to drop, sorry, more content for you more frequently. And as you all know, this video isn't even edited. I just wanted to get it out for you guys because I know that it's stressing a lot of you out. Okay, so God bless you all. I'll see you in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @peterledniczky [7 likes]: yes please make more vides on this, this update is the worst we had ever since 2017 IMO.
  2. @Wired1200 [3 likes]: Could you break down the campaign structure in this example?
  3. @entertech7293 [3 likes]: Hey manny i'm doing 1 product store from 2024 dec (only static ads) i do 1 cbo. profitable till august. but from september i started facing loss. i launched more ads than ever but still nothings seems to hit. i dono what to do at this stage, create a new campaign or something else.
  4. @sebastianc09 [2 likes]: how would you approach a fashion brand? what type of ads do we need if there are no angles?
  5. @FrontlinePOV [1 likes]: If I launch a test with 20 ads, 2 angles 10 ads each. Would you keep all under 1 adset or create 2 adsets (1 per angle) and then put 10 ads each? Thanks in advance
  6. @nasrodineelghalbzouri4849: How would you implement Andromeda for an online furniture e-commerce store that sells multiple product categories (mirrors, buffets etc)...?
  7. @UltimateStrengthandNutrition: Great vid Manny 👍🏻👍🏻
  8. @pibaquebanchonroger1499: Ahora todo en CBO?
  9. @michaelballato264: elite video! creative is king
  10. @BusinessMarielaPerCal: If we're running ads in different languages should we separate by campaign? Or by ad sets in the same campaign? Or throw all into the same ad set?
  11. @TheTateBurner: So basically once you find a winning angle, you can't iterate as it'll be too similar

That means constantly have to find a winning angle? how do you build on that though 

From what I'm hearing this update is encouraging a one and done ad, no finding winning variables anymore.
  12. @michaelmichael2802: What about launching new creatives when I create these mini funnels with all different types of ads in them? Do I create a new adset whenever I launch a new batch?
  13. @MattLoberstein: But how many ads per ad set is too many? What if you had 10x ad sets with 10 similar ads in each set, would you combine all in one for diversity...? If no other diff in targeting etc. per ad set
  14. @mubeenahmad9451: Great info, is there any way to contact you?
  15. @gorandjurdjevic-h2r: Thanks.More videos...
  16. @workingcroo: more pls

- How Lawyers Should Run Facebook Ads in 2025 (Andromeda Update + Lead Gen Tutorial): Kind: captions Language: en All right, lawyers, listen up. The days of hiring overpriced marketing agencies praying they bring in cases are over. With Meta's Andromeda update, the entire game has changed. It is now easier than ever for any law firm, personal injury, business, immigration, employment, family law to run profitable Facebook legion ads if you actually understand how the new system works. So, in this video, I'm going to walk you through the truth about the Andromeda update, how lawyers should run Facebook ads in 2025, the exact equipment you can use to record killer ads, how to shoot them, how to structure them, and how to launch them. And finally, I'll give you access to my private school group only for business owners doing a million dollars or more per year, where we'll help you run ads for your firm, the Lazy Way, using AI and simple systems. If you run a law firm and you're serious about growing without burning 80our weeks, this is going to be the most valuable video you've seen all year. Let's cover the Andromeda update because it's blindsided a lot of agencies and advertisers. Here's what's actually changed. Meta no longer cares about your targeting. They care about your messaging. As you can see here in the diagram, as people are surfing Facebook, Instagram, they are going to request certain types of content. It's then going to go into an AI system where it's going to look through your ads and figure out the best ad for that person at the time and deliver it to them all you all utilizing AI based off of the messaging. Previously, agencies and lawyers used to rely on detail targeting people with interested in lawsuits, people have uh who like legal pages, people in certain zip codes. That's all dead now. Now, Meta uses broad targeting and lets AI decide who sees your ads based on every single word you say on camera. What this means is if your messaging is right, your ads scale. If it's wrong, your ads die instantly. And that's why most firms struggle. There are only two ad types that consistently work for law firms in 2025. The first is going to be UGC style videos you shoot on your phone. Simple legion campaigns. And you'll notice what's not in here. Overproduced video, agency made commercials, complicated funnels, brand campaigns, those don't convert anymore. Utilizing tools like Foreplay, you can actually go and see what your competitors are running and mimic their styles. As you can see, lawyers need ads that feel human, direct, empathetic, education, and local. Here's an example script. You were injured in an accident that wasn't your fault. There are three mistakes people make that cost them thousands. Simple, clear, and straight to the point. That's what works now with Meta's new update. And there's a specific structure that you need to run your ads in that'll help give you the most amount of bang for your buck. There's two different types of optimizations when it comes to meta. There's what's called a CBO, which is campaign budget optimization, and then there's adset budget optimization. All this means is that this is one living organism where there's one budget set for a bunch of different ads. Whereas an adset budget has an a budget for every single adset and each one of these will have their own set of ads. The reason why you want to structure it this way is this is where you're going to test your new ads before they go into what we call a CBO campaign that allows you to truly get scale out of your campaigns. In your CBO campaign, Meta is going to look at each one of the ads and determine what purpose they serve for the business and serve that ad to the right person at the right time. So, this is going to be a conglomeration of all of your best performing ads in one campaign that you can scale up to get the reach that you're looking for. This is where you're going to test out those ads to see which ones are going to convert in a smaller scale before you move them into your CBO campaign. In order to pull off ads like this, you need specific equipment that's simple and easy to use. This is where most attorneys overthink. Here's the full equipment list that you actually need, and it's under $200. All you need is an iPhone. You need a lavalier mic that you can buy on Amazon, something like this. A wireless lavalier mic that you can go and get on Amazon for 35 bucks. You need a light so you can actually have good lighting in your videos. A tripod and that's it. You don't need a studio. You don't need a production team. No agencies or huge productions needed. With this new update, typically lawyers make the mistake of trying to look overly polished. But in 2025, authentic beats perfect every time. You don't need to be on every bus, every billboard in order to get the reach of those guys. You just need to run your ads smarter. Now, when you script out your ads and run them, I'll actually give you a prompt that you can utilize that'll help give you a full script that matches this formula. But each ad has five parts: a hook, a problem, your authority, the value, and a call to action. In your hook, what Andromeda's update or what Meta is looking for is a direct call out to one specific audience. Now, I know that you may have multiple audiences. This is why you'll create multiple different ads for those audiences so it hits them at the right time, at the right uh moment. Here's an example. If you were injured in an accident that wasn't your fault, that's an example of a hook. Here's two more. Attention business owners. If someone breached your contract, that's going to be your hook because within the first 3 seconds, people know exactly what the ad is about and who it's for. Uh the last example is immigration update for anyone waiting on approval. Your hook must identify who the video is for because Meta's AI listens to these words specifically to figure out who to target to them in the broad targeting campaigns. The second part of your ad is the problem. Explain the mistake that people uh people make that cost them money, time, or legal protection. Here's an example. Most people don't realize they only get one chance to present their claim. And if you miss this deadline, you could lose the entire case. Third part of your ad is going to be your authority. Just simple to one line. I've helped over 300 clients in your exact situation. No bragging, no awards, no fluff to get clear that you have experience solving their problems. Then you have the fourth part. This is the value of the ad where you want to teach them typically one to two things. Just give it quick, clear imation and prove you know what you're doing. Last part of your ad is the call to action. Click the link, answer a few questions, and my team will review your situation today. Sounds simple, but you need a way to get people to take action. That's how lawyers win on Facebook ads now. By following a simple for formula, creating ads targeted to one person that solves their problem, demonstrates your authority, gives some value, and then makes a call to action. I'm going to show you exactly how to set up these ads so you can generate leads from Facebook. Here's the campaign setup you should use every single time. Meta loves this an open objective focused on leads. So, you're going to go into your ads manager. You go to ads manager.fas.com. The only requirement here is that you have a Facebook page, which likely you do. You're going to come in here and target for leads. Once you're in the leads objective, then you want to give this campaign a name. Typically, this is going to be what you're targeting, where you're targeting, or something like that, so it's easily identifiable. So, if I was a personal injury attorney, I would do PI, I would do auto accidents, and I would keep it as simple as that. So, personal injury audience, auto accidents. You don't need to change anything here on campaign details. Again, for our large scaling campaign, we're going to be using a campaign budget, but if I was testing creative, I would use an adset budget. And then you want to make sure that you uncheck share some of your budget with other adsets. This is going to tell Meta that you just want this budget to only run for that adset. So what we're going to do here is a campaign budget. What you want to do here for your daily budget is you can start out small at a dollar a day if you want to start super simple just to test it out. But likely what I would do here to actually get some cases in is bid for at least $100 a day. Um for our adset campaigns, we're going to be doing typically whatever your allowable acquisition costs are. So, uh, if your cases are typically million-dollar cases, you probably want to bid more here in your daily budget to get more leads in. If you're doing smaller personal injury cases, you can probably bid $100 to $1,000 a day and then scale it up as it starts to work. What you don't want to do here is set this budget too high where Meta is now just going to go below that budget. So, typically start out with a hundred bucks a day is a good place to start. If you're more experienced with this, you can go to $1,000 a day and then scale it from there. The rule of thumb with scaling your budget once your campaign starts and it's starting to perform and generating uh quality leads is no more than 20% um per day is typically you want to do it. And then you want to schedule that increase for uh typically midnight to 4:00 a.m. is the best time to make changes because what it'll actually do is it'll adjust the budget for that upcoming day and Meta won't blow through the rest of that budget. So let's say you did this at noon, you set a new budget. Meta is going to say, "Oh, I have an extra $100 to spend." And it's going to find a place to spend it, which may not be the best spot for you. So, we're going to start our campaign at $100 a day. We don't need to change any other settings here. We're going to leave this exactly as is. We don't need AB testing. And in legal, there's no uh special categories that we have to put our ads in. So, we're just going to leave this broad here. Then, when we get down to our adset, this is where we're actually going to be doing the targeting. So, this is where you want to make sure that you don't fight the algorithm. And make sure that you only do broad targeting here. Here's how we're going to set it up. Our adset is typically going to be what we're calling this here. So, if this is our CBO campaign and we're scaling it, I would call this scaling. I would put the location I'm targeting. So, I live in Arizona, so I would do Arizona. If I was targeting a specific county, I would do scaling. I live in Maricopa County. And I would target it that way. For conversions, I only want to be using, unless you have a landing page designed to capture leads, I would only do this on single and I would select instant forms here. Then you're going to select the Facebook page you want these ads to run from. So that's going to be your personal Facebook page that you have set up for your business. And then your performance goal here is going to be maximize number of leads. When you do maximize conversion of leads, this is going to be showing it to people who are most likely to convert after sharing their contact info. This is going to make it a little bit harder here in the beginning. We just want to maximize the number of leads that we have coming in the door. We don't want a specific cost uh per result goal. We don't want to add any value rules. And yet, these are more advanced options. Uh we want to make sure dynamic creative is turned off. We want to typically start our campaigns at midnight. So, if I was launching a brand new campaign, um I would just go in here and change this to 12. And then I would change this to A.M. PST. And then I would make sure that it's set for the next next day. So it'll be these ads if I launch them now would go live at midnight the next day. Don't set an end date. You don't need any budget scheduling here. And then for audiences, we're not going to change any of the audience options other than the location. And then our minimum age. So if you want to target 18-year-olds, um you can definitely do that depending on what your typical cases are. Um but typically 25 plus is recommended um because that's going to be your ideal demographic. And then here in the location, instead of targeting all of us, we're just going to target Maricopa County in this one. So, I'm going to tell Meta I want Maricopa County. And now, it's going to adjust my targeting to only target Maroba County. And for people that are 25 years or more older, I don't need to change any other settings. I don't need to put interest targeting. And then if you need specific uh languages, you can go in here and you can select I only want English all. I typically put all these in just because people have different settings set up on meta. So, I just target all English, 25 plus, and then the location that I'm targeting. We don't have any custom audiences that we need to load in for once you have your your Facebook page set up. You can go in and verify it. That's going to give you a little green check next to your page just to show that you're verified. And then in terms of placements, I I'm going to leave all placements open, all devices. So, you can see there's 19 different placements. I'm just going to leave that into all placements. If there's specific things that you want to block, like you don't want to show up on certain pages, things like that, um you can definitely put those in, but that's you have to create a a publisher block list to block your ads from specific places. And then from there, that's all that I'm going to do targeting wise. Then I'm going to go in and load in my ads. So my ads name is typically what um I'm targeting the ad. And then if I have a specific angle, so if it's personal injury, um let's call this auto accident just to keep the theme. And then my angle for the ad is going to be uh freeway. So let's say an angle that I used was you got an accident on the freeway. Here are the three things that you need to do um to maximize uh your chance at having a successful case. That that would be the angle of the ad. That way you can identify, hey, this was for my personal injury auto accidents campaign and it was the angle about freeways. If you have one for dog bites, you put dog bites here. Uh if you want to do an angle on slip and fall, you can do that here too as well. Uh for identity, this is where your Facebook page and Instagram page will be. Uh we're typically going to do single image or video. Uh destinations, we're going to keep it open and then it'll actually walk you through setting up your lead form. I'm going to pause this here and I'm going to actually just set up a Facebook page with this account and that way I can show you how to set up your forms. All right, back here. So now I'm going to walk you through creating your form. So, we're going to create our forum. We're just going to call this PI. And then on the settings here, you'll see there's two different form types you can have. You can have more volume or higher intent. Higher intent have them verify their phone number if you want verified phone numbers. This is a good way to make sure that uh you get qualified phone numbers through because sometimes people will just put in bad phone numbers. Typically, what I do is I go for more volume here. If I notice that I'm getting low quality leads or a bunch of bad phone numbers, then I'll come in here and change this. In the beginning, we just want as many leads as possible. So, I'm going to leave this at more volume. We're going to go here and hit next. In the intro, I can use the image from the ad or I can upload an image. And then in the greeting, I can go to chat dbt and actually have it create me a headline for my lead form. I'll again, I'll give you this prompt here in the description of the video. You'll put in a headline and a description for personal injury. So, for this example here, I'm just going to say personal injury uh or something. It's going to be more direct response marketing style. So, it's going to be did you recently have an accident? And then here I put some details. Uh freeway accidents, fender bender, things like that. Again, I you can just go to chat GBT. I'll give you the prompt that you can utilize that'll actually help you write all this copy so you don't have to do it manually. And then in terms of questions, what are the common questions that you want to put here? Uh we want basic contact info. So email, um you can make this optional or you can get work email if you want. Um we want first name. So typically I start with like the easiest questions, first name. If you need last name, you can definitely put that in here. So that would be a meta field for user information. I put first name, last name. And just be aware, the more questions you have in here, the uh the lower chance you have of people filling out the entire form. First name, last name, email, phone number. If it's connected to their Facebook account that has this info in there, it'll typically prefill it from their Facebook account. So, that's why you always want to use these categories here. The only other question I would ask outside of contact information is going to be a custom question that we're going to add here. We'll hit add question. And I'm going to make this a short answer. You could also make it a multiple choice if you have standard things, but my short answer question is going to be give me some details about your accident. Going to add that question in there. So, that's going to be one of my short answer questions. And you'll notice that that will pop up first before the contact info. So, give me some details about your accident. Very easy question for people to answer. And then I would just keep it at this. I wouldn't go much more here. Um, then you can do a you definitely want to link to your privacy policy on your website. If you have any additional disclaimers like marketing opt-ins, you definitely want to make sure that those disclaimers are here. Things like, hey, we are going to text you and call you if you're going to use an auto dialer or things like that so you're TCPA compliant. Again, if you don't have a terms and conditions, you can go to Chad GBT, say, write me a terms and conditions. I'm a personal injury attorney or uh a business attorney or whatever type of law you specialize in. throw it in chat GBT and then get a terms and condition link. You can actually add that uh those terms and condition uh language here or you can link to your privacy policy on your website. So, I'm going to remove the disclaimer for now, but you want to have a disclaimer in there so you're compliant. And then your ending, your ending is super important because in the the headline, you don't want people to think that they're finished. You want them to take the next action. So, what I would do here is I would say you're almost done. Next steps below because this lets people know that they have an additional step that they need to take. Again, you can have chat gpt finish out the questions here. But basically, it's going to uh center around two things. You can have them actually call a phone number. So, you want to have a dedicated line that you can answer. If you don't have someone answering 247, I definitely would look into getting a virtual assistant that can take your off hours. But typically, this will go to your receptionist or if you have someone that handles your inbound leads, you have their phone number here. Or you can have them go to a website if you want them to go directly to your website and um fill out a time. The best option that you can do here is utilizing a tool like GoHigh Level, which I'll link that in the comments down below. Go High Level is just a CRM that'll give you a phone number. Um, and it's also going to give you a scheduling link and a CRM that you can manage. If you're already you utilizing a CRM, that's okay. Um, I would still use something like go high level on top of whatever CRM you're using unless it gives you these options. But where I would put for go to website is actually the link for them to schedule their call. So, in my description, if it's for scheduling a call, I would say schedule a time to review your case and gather more information about your recent accident. Click the link below. So, having something like this in there will tell people, "Hey, you're almost done. Next up below, schedule a time to review your case and gather more information about your recent accident. Click the link below. This is where I would put my scheduling link that'll pop up for them. They can actually just book a time on your calendar. So, something like calendar, if you have any scheduling tools like that, have them actually schedule a call. It's going to convert a lot better than just having people call the business. Um, in most cases, unless you have an answering service or someone that's going to be staffed, having them schedule a call gives them an action to do. It puts it on their calendar, puts it on your calendar, and make sure that you're available. So, I would put this link here. And then for my call to action, instead of saying visit website, I would say schedule your case review today. And then you can also put some urgency language in here too as well. The sooner we gather details, the higher chance you have of a successful case, so you don't miss the window of opportunity. So, here's an example of some language that I would put in here so that way they know. And then you can actually structure this so it's a little bit more readable. just for this video here. I'm not doing all the typical things that I would do, but that way I can space it out and it's a little bit more readable. So, you can see there it's it's much much easier. The preview is always here on the right hand side. You can see it on Instagram. You can see it on Facebook. Um, you'll put your link here, schedule a case review. And then I'm just going to go ahead and create this form. So, I'll just send this to uh Google for now because this is an example form. I need to have privacy policy here. I'm just going to google.com. And then now I can hit and create my form. So, now that I have my form created, I can use this form over and over and over again. You'll see it'll be linked here, the active. Um, I will require SMS verification when people submit the form. So, if they put a phone number, it'll send them a code, verifies their phone number. That way, you don't get um junky leads. You can turn this off to again if you don't want any quality filters. And then you can decide how you want your leads set uh delivered to you. You can have them just sent into a Google sheet if you are using Google or you can have them sent to your CRM if it's one that's integrating with uh with Meta here. So you'll go through the whole CRM setup process. You can see they have Zapier which will connect pretty much anything any of your Google uh any of your other options. So if you want to send it to Excel, send it to your email. If you're using HubSpot, if you're using GoHigh Level, it's labeled as lead connector or any other CRM in here. You can go through this list and connect your CRM and Meet will actually deliver that direct to your CRM. In this case, I'm I don't have a CRM set up. So, the next thing that I would do is actually set up my creative. So, typically your ads are going to be video ads. You would upload your video ad here. So, I'm just going to select a video from another company. It's going to upload my video here. I can go and hit next. Um, for my text, this is where I put my copy in. So, the headline is going to be what shows. Um, so there'll be the add video. There'll be a headline right below it. And then there's a description below that. And then a link. So, the link here would be um I would just typically leave this as like learn more or you can do sign up or anything like that or get in touch typically works well as uh as well. And then again, I'll give you a chat GBT prompt that you can use to write the copy here for the headline um for the description. But for now, I'm just going to put in test test just so I have this filled out. And super super important here, Meta is going to try and give you all of these enhancements on your ads. You want to make sure that you don't select any of these enhancements. So any AI enhancements, text improvements, I want to make sure that they're all turned off. When this video is done uploading, I'll show you where you can double check this because this is going to change how your ads perform. Again, as you're doing this, you'll always see a preview of your ad as it loads in here. You can always edit the copy here. I'm not going to do any creative testing. I don't need any URL parameters or things like that. So, I'm just going to let this run. Once it gets uh that video fully uploaded, um I'll pop back in here. All right. Now that my ad is uploaded, um I just want to double check here that I don't have any enhancements. It says they turned on two enhancements. So, I want to go and actually find those and make sure that they're complete. All the enhancements are turned off. So, as I go back in here to edit the media, I can hit edit video. Um, I want to just double check to make sure that there's no additional enhancements on the video. Um, I want to uncheck multi-advertiser ads. So, this is going to show your ads with other lawyers. I don't want to do that. If you don't have an Instagram account connected, you want to use use Facebook page. So, it's we'll just use a Facebook page that's connected here. And then, all right. So, now we're back. Um, I have all of my enhancements turned off. And now I can go in and publish my ad. So, the next part that I want to cover is not going to actually launch this here. It's not for a real campaign. Next part I want to cover here is how do you review the performance of your campaigns once they're launched. So, you'll notice that Meta has targeting that's set up here. That Meta has targeting that's set up here. So, you can actually see the performance of your ads. Here's what I want you to do when you first launch an ad. The very beginning, don't touch the campaign. Don't change the budgets. Don't adjust any settings. Don't panic. Don't try to um get Meadow to do what's called get out of the learning phase. So, you'll see a recommendation here. It'll come up and it'll say that it's in the learning phase. You want to let this ad run until it's generated some leads for at least 3 days, but ideally around seven days before you make any changes to the ads. The things that you want to review are going to be your cost per result, which is going to be cost per lead, how many leads you've generated, what the quality of those leads have been, and then the performance of the actual ad. So, you'll want to look at how the video is performing. You can actually come in here and you can go to um customize columns, and I want to create a couple of things uh specifically around the video performance because I want to see how the ad is performing. If I see that it's getting a good cost per lead, the volume is good, the quality of leads is good, I'm just trying to judge how the per the creative is performing, and I may have to create some customized events here. So, I'm looking through all the settings, and I don't see what I want specifically about the videos. Um, through plays is one, cost per through play, cost per 3 second video, total plays. I'm going to add those in. And then I'm going to show you how to create a couple of custom ones. So here I'm going to do get started and I'm going to actually create a custom metric. So I want video plays. So I want video plays divided by uh video plays of 3 seconds. So the reason why I want 3 seconds is I want to see of the people that started the video, how many did uh watch 3 seconds. That's going to tell me how well the hook of the video performed. So, I'm just going to name this hook rate. I'm going to change this from numeric to a percentage. And then I don't need any descriptions. You're going to be the only ones running ads, but you can change this to everyone that has access to your ad account. And then create a metric. Then I'm going to add this hook rate to it. And now what I can do if I scroll all the way over here to the right is I'm going to see a couple new stats. You'll see your typical things here like your cost per click. That'll tell you how the ad is performing as well. Primarily for the video, I want to see how much is it costing me to get people to watch through the entire video. So through play is through the entire video. How many people watched all the way through? How many people played the video? What was the cost to get someone to watch 3 seconds of the video? And then what's the hook rate? The hook rate is going to be from people who started the video to actually watching the first three seconds. How well did this video hook people? If you see a low hook rate, meaning anything below 80%, your ad didn't do a good job at getting people to stop. If you see a low amount of through plays, and your cost per through play is super high, then your cost per lead is probably going to be high, too, as well, because you're not going to be getting people to watch the ad, which is all that you really want from the ad is getting people to watch the ad and then ultimately filling out the form. The other metrics that you're going to review here are going to be your cost per click. So, you'll see CPM. If your CPM is really high, which typically for these types of ads are going to be pretty high, um, if it's skyhigh, like $1,000 or $2 $300, then typically that ad is probably not hitting the right market. You typically want to see about $100 or less. Link clicks is going to show you how many people have clicked the link. Then you're going to see your cost per link click. So, this is going to tell you the cost to just get someone to click on your ad. If this is abnormally high, then your cost per lead is going to be super high, which means we need to work on the ad. Your clickthrough rate is going to be percentage of people that click, how many actually clicked the link. You'll see all of your CPC. You'll see landing page. You won't see landing page views, but you'll see the total clickthrough rate, which is going to be how many people that the ad was shown to actually stopped and clicked on it, even if that's clicking the see more button. And then the cost for every click that happens on the ad. That's how you're going to review the performance. And then all you're going to do is as you find winners here that are getting you the the best cost per lead, you're going to scale up those winners on the campaign side. So you'll go to campaign budget. You'll see your budget is listed here. And then again, I want to do no more than 20% per day. So that's $120 if I wanted to increase the budget. Um but then I would just wait until around midnight to change that budget or at the end of the day. Okay. So, to recap here, if you're a lawyer or a business owner doing at least a million dollars per year and you want a simpler, smarter way to grow your business, I built out a free school community called Lazy Millionaire. Yeah, it's called Lazy Millionaire because if you're a business owner, you should find more ways to be lazy because you want simple systems that scale without taking more time. As a lawyer, you're probably already working more than the normal person would. As a business owner, you didn't start this because you wanted to work more. you started this because you wanted to get some level of leverage inside of your business to give you the money and the time freedom that you want from your business. So, this community that I'm building, I want to invite you to join it. It's completely free and it's going to be full of entrepreneurs, other lawyers, business owners, all doing a million dollars a year that want to scale. It's going to be without burning yourselves out. It's going to be without relying on agencies that don't understand how modern advertising works or charge you absorbent fees to run your ads. Inside the community, you're going to get advanced training. I'll show you all the AI tools, the scripts, the frameworks for your ads. I'll be doing live Q&As. There'll be case studies and actual systems that you can plug into your firm. If you want to grow your law firm the lazy way, working smarter instead of harder, the link it to join is going to be in the description. And I'll see you in the inside. Also, make sure you subscribe if you want more strategies like this. And if you want hands-on help installing AI powered lead system inside your firm, shoot me a message and we'll talk.

  Top Comments:
  1. @thenujarankidu-m2j [1 likes]: good job i like video

- Meta Ads Algorithm New | Advantage+ Ads | Andromeda AI | Facebook Ads Strategy | Budget Optimization: Kind: captions Language: en Today, we're going to break down the massive algorithm update that has totally flipped the script on meta advertising. So, if you're running ads on Facebook or Instagram, you're going to want to stick around. We're about to hand you the new playbook for what's actually working right now and for the next few years. So, let me ask you something. Have you had that feeling lately where your ad campaigns just aren't working like they used to? Maybe your costs are creeping up, but your results are just, you know, falling off a cliff. You're spending all this time tweaking audiences and it feels like you're just not moving the needle. Well, here's the thing. It's probably not your fault. But, and this is a big butt, everything you thought you knew about running ads on Meta is pretty much obsolete. The entire system has been rebuilt. And the old rules, they just don't apply anymore. That's right. The old playbook, the one where you'd spend hours and hours carefully building the perfect audience with just the right interests and lookalikes, it's dead. Let's dive into exactly why those old strategies are failing so hard right now. And this slide right here perfectly sums up the massive shift. You see, it used to be our job to tell Facebook exactly who to target. We were the masters of targeting. Now, our job is totally different. We just give Meta a clear goal like get me sales and a bunch of good ad creative. The AI does all the heavy lifting, finding the best audience for us. The control has completely inverted. So, what's actually powering this crazy change? Well, it's a super sophisticated new AI brain that has completely rewired the entire platform. Say hello to Andromeda. That's the name for Meta's new AI powerhouse. And its entire purpose, its whole reason for being is to use machine learning to match your ad creative to the perfect user. It's looking at what people are doing in real time and what your ad is about, which makes all that old school static interest targeting almost useless. Now, what's so wild about Andromeda is that it's always learning. It's like a perpetual motion machine of testing. With every single ad impression, it's figuring out who's clicking, who's actually buying, and who's engaging. But here's the catch, and this is absolutely critical. The AI can only get smarter with the data you give it. If your conversion tracking is a mess, you're basically starving the system of the info it desperately needs to find you more customers. Clean data is everything now. And make no mistake, this isn't some optional feature you can just ignore. Full automation is the new standard. The minute you open Ads Manager, you'll see Advantage Plus campaigns are pushed front and center. Meta is basically forcing everyone onto this AIdriven system. So trying to fight it with a bunch of manual controls, it's just a recipe for failure. Okay, so this brings us to what is probably the single most important point of this entire breakdown. If the AI is handling all the targeting, what's left for us marketers to actually do? Well, the answer is a concept that I like to call the great inversion. And it changes everything about how you need to think about your ads. 80%. Just let that number sink in for a second. In this new world, 80% of your campaign's success is determined by your ad creative, the videos, the images, the words you write. Your ability to make someone stop scrolling is now way, way more important than any audience setting you could possibly choose. This means your entire role has changed. You've got to stop thinking like a technical behind-the-scenes media buyer and start acting like a creative strategist. Your new job is to feed the Andromeda AI a steady stream of creative options, give it clean conversion data to learn from, and just run a ton of fast experiments to see what people actually respond to. Now, part of feeding the AI good data starts right here with your campaign objective. It's simple. If you want sales or leads, which let's be honest is what most of us are after, you have to choose the sales or leads objective. If you choose traffic, guess what? The AI will get you exactly that. A ton of cheap clicks from people who love to click but never ever buy. You have to tell the AI what you really want. And look, when we talk about creative, we really have to talk about format. The overwhelming majority of ad space on Facebook and Instagram is now vertical video. The platforms are built around real style content. So, if you're not making ads specifically for that tall 9x6 phone screen format, you're missing out on the best, highest performing spots. Okay, we've talked a lot about the what and the why. Now, let's get down to the how. Here is the actual actionable playbook you can start using today. All right, here's the new strategy. Number one, create a volume. You need to be aiming for 5 to 10 new ads every single week. Two, broad targeting. Seriously, no interests, just age, location. That's it. Let the AI do its job. Three, optimize for conversions. Always, always, always. Four, video first. Lead with that vertical real style creative. Five, test fast, kill fast. Give a new ad 5 to 7 days. If it's not working, turn it off and move on. And finally, number six, scale smartly. When you find a winner, increase the budget slowly, about 20 to 30% at a time. Now, just as important as knowing what to do is knowing what not to do. So, let's quickly run through the most common mistakes that will absolutely tank your campaigns in this new AIdriven world. First up, stop overtargeting. When you layer on all these interests and behaviors, it's like you're tying the AI's hands behind its back. You're telling the world's most powerful matching engine that you know better. Trust me, you don't. Go broad and let it find your people. Mistake number two is what I call creative starvation. If you only give the algorithm one or two ads to work with, it has no options. It can't learn, it can't optimize, and your performance is going to flatline real fast. You have to feed the machine. Next up, and this one is huge. Please stop optimizing for clicks. This sends the absolute worst signal to the AI. You are literally training it to find people who are good at clicking links, not people who are good at buying your stuff. You'll get a bunch of traffic, but zero return. And finally, you got to have some patience. Every single time you make a big change to a campaign, the AI's learning phase completely resets. If you're in there tinkering with it every day, you're never giving it a chance to actually get smart and optimize. You have to let it learn. So, let's just boil this all down. What are the key takeaways? First, the Andromeda AI is running the show. Your job is to work with it, not against it. Second, your creative is now 80% of your success. And third, your strategy needs to be simple. Go broad with your targeting. Always optimize for real business results and focus on the volume and speed of your creative testing. And that leaves us with one final thought to chew on. As the AI completely takes over the technical side of buying ads, the skills that truly matter are changing. So you have to ask yourself, is the key to unlocking growth on Meta no longer about finding the best media buyer, but about finding the best creative strategist?

- Ad Relevance: What Everyone Still Gets Wrong: Kind: captions Language: en The content that people consume on Instagram, Facebook, TikTok, wherever, is more relevant to them than ever before. And I can say that today and it'll be more true today than it was yesterday. It's only going to get sharper, algorithms are only going to get better, and people are only going to get more accustomed to more relevant specific content to them. How will someone feel like this is for them? How [music] will someone feel like they belong? How will someone feel like, "Oh, this is what I [music] want to be. This is what I want my life to be." And if they get a whiff and they feel like it's, you know, authentic or they feel like it's not relevant to them, probably going to be like, "Nah, I'm good. This isn't for me." Hey, I'm Barry Hott. Longtime Facebook ad nerd. I've been doing ads on Facebook since 2008. And in that time, I've spent billions of dollars in Facebook ads and studied even more billions of dollars of ads across so many different accounts and verticals, you name it, I've seen it. And I now love to share my education and my information with you on Twitter, LinkedIn, and here now more on YouTube. You probably already heard me talk about this in other content before, but micro changes in content, in relevance, can matter. And you probably see that in ads. The example I like to often give is like, you might have someone in an ad with a deep Southern accent, right? And maybe that's relevant to certain audiences. And now compare that to an ad with someone with a thick Boston accent. >> them suckers. Matt Damon and Tom Brady don't have the heart of a champion. We got a new squad, Dunkin's sequel. ATHLETES AND BELICHICK. DUNKIN'S. That's going to be relevant to different people. One of those is going to be more relevant to the broader overall audiences than others. I would wager a Southern accent would be more relevant to more Americans than a Boston accent. I think a Boston accent is particularly relevant to really small Northeast area. And that's one geographic example, right? People are on a multi-dimensional spectrum of relevance. So, it's not just about accent or skin color or age or any of these things. But these are all relevant. It's not just about any one of them. It's about all of these factors and what people's interests are. So, you take that and you think about that about ads, but also you need to think about that about your web experiences as well. Who is in your homepage hero banner? What does that person look like? Is there a person in that image? Is there a product shown there? Is that changing? Is it different every day? Is it the same person who's been in there for 6 months and you haven't changed it? And if someone lands on your homepage or someone lands on a product page and then escapes to the homepage because that is what almost always happens, is the person or thing on that homepage relevant to that audience that you've sent there? And if so, how relevant? And it's not like this is going to 100% make it or break for everyone. Your entire ad ecosystem, ad, creative, landing page, media buying, it's a living breathing organism. Humans come to your website. They hear what you're saying, experience your ad, they go to the landing page that you sent them to. They might escape to Google and Google reviews for you. They might escape to Google and just Google whatever other product there. They might just go directly to your .com. But that's why so many people go to your homepage. They're going to leak out there no matter what you do. Being thoughtful about what's on your homepage, what's on your landing page as it relates to relevance is so important. If someone sees an ad and comes to this landing page, if they are younger, if they are older, if they speak in a certain way, if they use a certain language, if they, you know, are interested in certain things that other people wouldn't be. You need to be thinking about how will will someone feel like they belong? How will someone feel like, "Oh, this is what I want to be. This is what I want my life to be." And if they get a whiff of the website or the landing page and they feel like like it's not relevant to them, right? They see someone who's not their age. If I go from a an ad to a landing page and that landing page shows like, I don't know, a 65-year-old woman or if I saw my dad on there, I'm probably isn't for me." If for some reason you can't tell, I'm not 65. My point is, if I saw someone who was 18 on there, like a young kid, I also might think, "Oh, that this is not for me. I'm not in the right place." Like depending on what the product is, depending on what the ad was about. So, it's important to to understand relevance. And what I'm saying here is not about an algorithm. This is not about an algorithm. It's about real humans that get served ads and go to websites and find things that are relevant or not and take action or don't. And then Meta optimizes based on that. The more people that purchase, again, estimated action rate, people purchasing from your ads, taking the action, the desired action from your ads, that's what Meta's optimizing based off of. If you can improve your estimated action rate by making your ad destinations, your landing pages more relevant to more users, that's your goal. Decrease that friction. Make people feel like they belong. Make as many different types of people that are relevant to buying the product feel like they belong as you can. Don't worry about the algorithm caring about it. This is all about a relevance chain. From the very first moment of your ad, the top pixels of your ad entering the frame on someone's device through to the next moment of that ad, through to the rest of the video, that relevance has to then continue to the website. If it doesn't, if it doesn't they don't connect, then you're you're losing out. So, I want you to really think about what is that first moment of the ad, literally the first frame. What are the first 3 seconds? What does the rest of the ad do and does the relevance carry on through there? I want you to think about Mr. Beast. I've talked about this before. Mr. Beast, I'd suggest you go study what he does. They start an idea from the thumbnail. They literally build their entire videos from the title and thumbnail. And then they build the connection from that. They build the entire video from that. So, that's what you should be thinking about is how do we build from that first moment including the thumbnail or that very first top of the image. I'm saying the top because it's what scrolls in first and it's what swipes in first and people read the top first usually. That's why it matters so much. And that relevance has to carry over from the first frame to the next few seconds to the rest of the video till someone clicks and it has to carry over. That relevance chain has to continue when someone gets to the landing page. Now, I'm not saying it has to be one-to-one exact. I'm not going to say that. There are people that would say that and there is some value to having like exactly one-to-one the hook problem and the rest of the video and the rest of the ad and the rest of the like post-click experience are all exactly about one tiny thing. If you can scale being super niche on one thing, do it. But I would tell you also, you can have the ad be relevant to one specific thing and then you can have that relevance broaden through the rest of the ad in a way that when it gets to the landing page, that headline and image can still be relevant to the person coming in from that ad. Look at your creative. Look at your relevance. Look at your landing pages. Look at your website. Look at your homepage. Look at the changes that have been made. And I want you to study and look inward. It's probably not Meta's fault. It's probably your fault, to be honest. It's probably something in your control. Don't blame the external systems because the external systems are always going to be changing. Keep understanding how and why the system is optimizing the way it's optimizing. It's not out to get you. It's not trying to steal your money. The system wants to deliver relevant content to users. The bigger world is changing. A lot of people are coming to me and being like, "Barry, Andromeda is killing us. Like we got to change everything because of Andromeda." I'm like, "No, the bigger like ecosphere of people consuming content has fundamentally changed and the way this ad systems work have changed, but it's not changed suddenly overnight in the last couple months. Andromeda's been around for a while. And if anything, like a lot of the guidance that is out there about Andromeda, which is to make more different types of creative, diverse creative, a lot of the best advertisers out there have been doing this stuff for years already. And a lot of this guidance that is coming out around Andromeda now is stuff that the best creatives and best advertisers have been doing literally since 2024 or if not earlier. It's so funny to me to see it out there and see people like sweating it and freaking out over Andromeda, Andromeda, Andromeda, when in reality, a lot of this is within your control. And I say this as someone who has seen billions of dollars worth of ad spend, I am auditing accounts pretty much every week. The call is coming from inside the house. It is it is not some external thing. And even even though there are always external factors, it is always going to be getting harder. Literally, every day you advertise on Meta should be harder than the day before. Every week, every month, every year is going to be harder than it was before. There is a limited amount of ad space. There is a growing number of advertisers and brands and dollars that need to be spent. It is only going to get harder. The good news is that Meta's system keeps getting better. That's how they combat that competition. And they also keep adding more ways to advertise and show ads to users, which is creates in a lot of ways worse experiences for users, but then they also either build more placements or platforms or acquire them. Those things are going to change. That is out of your control. You cannot control that. What you can control is what you can control, which is your creative, your media buying, and your website, your offer, your overall experience. Anything else that's in your control is stuff that you can control and that impacts humans, and humans are what impact your ad performance, not the system, not the algorithm. If you have an agency is like, "Oh, I don't know, meta's changes and we're screwed." Like, find a new agency, find a new media buyer, find a new CMO. I don't care. That's not an excuse. You just have to keep adapting. That's our job. And I've been doing this since 2008. It is constant. You cannot rest. You cannot stagnate. You have to keep pushing. Pushing your ads, pushing your content, pushing your website. It has to keep improving because otherwise it's going to be eaten alive by all of the other competition and everything else going on. You need to make relevant content. You need to make relevant products, relevant pages, relevant offers to your audience. The more relevant it is, the more people will buy it, the more efficient things will be. So, don't worry too much about what's happening outside because you have to keep doing better. You literally don't have another choice. Keep getting better. If you need help getting better, I'm here. I'm happy to dig into your problems. You can book a 1-hour call, 30-minute call. That's one of those things where I feel like so many people I do do these calls with, and I'm like, "Oh, okay, you're going to immediately make tens of thousands of dollars from this one call." Great. I am thrilled about that. It's one of my favorite things to do, and while I am available to do it, I offer it. If it's something you need my help regarding media buying, creative, landing pages, anything like that, I can help you and your team to do better consistently. It's literally what I live for. So, I would love if you're interested in that, let me know. If you're looking for a performance creative, let me hook you up with my team at AdCrit, where we are incentivized and motivated to make you the best performing ads in your account. We can help support you if you have an internal team. It is such a huge value to have a second creative arm, entire creative brain and body, actually, putting out creative that's different than what you're putting out internally with different experience, with different learning. So, give me a shout, check out adcrit.com, or or send me a message, and I'm happy to intro you, and tell them Barry sent you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @jakobcounts [1 likes]: Great video Barry
  2. @adam_and [1 likes]: The king 👏💯
  3. @Nick_Dara_Alex_Barry_uglyAds: Great content barry. by the way, how old are you? I am 37 and you

- Meta quietly killed the indie dev ads playbook (it's called Andromeda): Kind: captions Language: en 50. That's how many app installs you need every week or Meta keeps charging you double figures per install forever. And I didn't know that number even existed when I first started. And most indie app developers running Meta ads right now don't know either. Because a few months ago Meta quietly rewrote how ads work and most of us didn't get the memo. So this is the guide I wish someone had handed to me when I open ads manager for the first time just a few weeks ago. The rules nobody is explaining, the gotchas that drain your budget, and the one number that decides whether your campaign survives the learning phase or just bleeds money until you give up. So you can open ads manager already knowing what I didn't. Here's the thing. There are so many people talking online about Meta ads, how to scale them, how to optimize them, how to squeeze more out of your budget. But what if you're stuck at step one, getting ads to just work. Every course I found, every article that I opened uses terminology that I just don't understand. Am I behind? Should I know all of this already? It turns out most people are in the same position because the rules have genuinely changed. So this is the practical beginner's guide to Meta ads in 2026. If you saw my last Meta ads video, you watched what happens when you experiment with ad creatives without having a clear plan. This video is the plan you didn't have. The part nobody is talking about because most of the internet hasn't even caught up with it yet. Mistake number one. I didn't want to install the Facebook SDK. It sounded too technical, too scary, and I thought I just want to send people to my app store and I'll pay for the click. So I ran a traffic campaign, the simplest campaign you can run with Meta ads. Then, I looked at the breakdown. Only 16% of the people clicking on my ad were actually using an iPhone. And if you think about that for a second, that means 84% of my entire ad budget went to people who literally couldn't even install my app. My ad reach was huge. It was just landing on all the wrong people. And the math underneath it gets even worse. I used to think about my conversion rate like this. 100 people land on my App Store listing, 10 people download, and one starts a trial. Clean and simple. Improve the screenshots, and that trial number goes up. But on a traffic campaign on iOS, the math actually goes something like this. 100 people click on my ads, only 16 of those can actually download my app, meaning with that same conversion rate, only 1.6 people can actually download it. And with that, only 0.16 people start a trial. One trial every 600 clicks. I wasn't converting badly. I was paying Meta to send my ad to people who couldn't buy from me in the first place. So, the rule is simple. Don't run a traffic campaign, instead run an install campaign or a purchase campaign. And yes, that means installing the Facebook SDK. I fought it, and my install costs paid the price. If you want your marketing spend to go down, stop fighting the algorithm. Meta Ads needs the data to get real users, and not just clicks from people who never had any intention of installing it. So, install it and move on. Okay, now the part nobody actually tells you. A few months ago, Meta overhauled how its ads are even delivered in the first place. The new update is called Andromeda. I thought I was going insane. All the guides online that I was watching just didn't match up with the experience that I was seeing in Ads Manager, or the experience that I'm seeing with my ads performance. But, it wasn't me. The playbook, those guides were filmed under no longer exist. And here's what changed. In the old world, you would set audiences like look-alikes, some specific interests, and specific behaviors. You decided who saw your ad. In the new world, your ads run more like organic content on Instagram. Meta tries to figure out what your ad is about, who would respond to it, and what your goal even is. And while it's figuring all of that out, you're stuck in what's called the learning phase. And this learning phase will gut your bank account if you don't know the rules. During the learning phase, your cost per click is going to look insane. I'm talking double figures per install. I was watching my dashboard climb into the 20s and $30 per install, and my brain was screaming, "Make it stop! Make it stop! The math just doesn't math!" My lifetime value is 30 bucks per user, and I'm paying 30 bucks for one install before they've even seen the paywall. That's doomed to fail, right? But, here's the trap. The only way out of the learning phase is to stay in it long enough to get through it. And to get through it, you need 50 conversions in 7 days. If you're running an install campaign, that's 50 installs. A trial starting campaign, that's 50 trial starts. Fall short, and you're going to be stuck in the learning phase. The costs will stay brutal. The algorithm hasn't worked out who your customer is yet, and you're still going to be paying for that privilege. Once your campaign actually goes live, the question becomes what actually goes inside it. And this is where I got it most wrong. I had a new app that I thought everyone could use. Spech, it indexes your photos and lets you view a day and turn into a little memory. Parents would use it to send videos to friends and family. Grandparents who miss their grandkids could look at it like a photo album. Anyone with a phone with photos could use my app. So, I made a bunch of ads. One ad about making videos from your camera roll, another about decluttering your photos, another aimed at grandparents who feel disconnected from their kids overseas. And I dropped them all in the same ad set. I'm a genius. This is going to be a huge success. It's an app for everyone. But, that doesn't work. The Meta ads algorithm can't learn anything from an ad set where every ad is talking to a different person. Each ad confuses the signal of the others and the algorithm just gives up trying to figure out who actually wants to see it. I was burning cash fast, never leaving the learning phase, and I was banging my head against the wall. Then, something just clicked. Hang on a second. Don't think about an ad set as a folder of ad ideas. Instead, think of an ad set as a single person, as an avatar or a persona. One ad set is a parent who wants to send videos to grandma. Then, a separate ad set is the grandma who feels like the photos of the grandkids are buried somewhere on their phone. Every ad inside that ad set talks to that one person in five different ways. Now, the algorithm gets a clean signal. It works out who that person is and it goes and finds more of them. And the best part, you can keep testing new ads inside that ad set without resetting the learning phase. Remove those poor performing ads, double down on the winning ones, all without going back to the learning phase or confusing the ad algorithm. But, you can still trigger the learning phase by accident. There's two ways that you can do this, and you should probably avoid this. If you raise your budget by more than 20% in a single day, it triggers the learning phase all over again. If you pause an ad set for more than 7 days, the same thing. Every dollar that you spent teaching it who your customer is, all of the metrics and data that you're feeding it, gone. So, start small. $70 to $100 per day is a reasonable starting point if you can sit with it for a few weeks. Then, when the persona is working, ramp it up, but slowly. You won't see real results for the first few weeks. You're just feeding the algorithm. Remember, this is a slow game, and it's expensive during those first few weeks. So, here's where I am now. I've got the SDK installed. I've got an install campaign running. I've got ad sets built around personas, not just random audiences. But, the biggest question is the one I can't fully answer on my own. Who actually wants my app, and what would I say to actually stop them mid-scroll? To stop the scroll. Because, as it turns out, we have to think about ads now like reels, with hooks and retention and all of that sort of stuff. But, we have a secret weapon that organic content doesn't. Data. So, I've been quietly building an AI tool to make better ad copy, informed by real data, real users. It pulls everything I know about my users, works out who they are, which features inside the app actually matter to which person, and writes the ad copy for me that speaks directly to each persona. Then, once the campaign is running, it reads the results, figures out what landed, what didn't, and it feeds back into the next round of ads. Right now, I'm testing this on my own app. But, if this is something you'd want for your apps, let me know in the comment. If enough people need this tool, maybe I'll open it up. So, if you're an indie app developer about to set up your first Meta Ads campaign, here's what I wish someone had told me on day one. Install the Facebook SDK before you spend even a single dollar. Run an install campaign, not a traffic campaign, and build your ad sets around one persona each, not a buffet of audiences. Start at a budget you can hold for several weeks because that's how long it's going to take for the algorithm to actually work out what's working for your campaign. And don't forget the magic number, 50 conversions a week. That's what you need for your campaign to leave the learning phase. In an upcoming video, I'll show you the results of my AI tool, what impact it has on actual ad spend, and my revenue. Subscribe so you don't miss out on that one. I'll keep showing you what works and what doesn't as I scale this little app.

  Top Comments:
  1. @DarraghMcCarthy [6 likes]: I think it should not be forgotten that Meta has its own incentives. If you are competing with Meta products, they are incentivized to send you the lowest value highest churn customers. They want to monitor your cost per install so that you pay them the maximum while continuing to spend money on their ads, and they want to track people, so they will encourage you into install the SDK.
  2. @LakesideTrades [4 likes]: I've scaled my app through Meta ads since last September to $14k MRR. $30k rev in March alone. It's definitely still possible. Copy your competitors creatives. Optimize for trial start/subscribe. Never do install/traffic campaigns. Test, test, test. Make sure you know your apps LTV and overall metrics before running them, though.
  3. @cosmicsapien42 [4 likes]: Hey Adam, all this about the andromeda update is really helpful! Also, definitely interested in your AI tool for making ad copy!
  4. @brunovercosa7119 [3 likes]: Traffic campaigns were never meant for apps.
  5. @SoulWithoutFaith [1 likes]: Hey, please share your tool with the world (for free :D)
  6. @Mr_Dim7 [1 likes]: The learning phase is even more important in Google Ads, but CPI and CPA will be 
 cheaper than in Meta. Use Firebase SDK and tracking to succesfully optimize and manage Google campaigns. Good luck with your experiments!
  7. @matthias2351 [1 likes]: Wooh! Very helpful Adam! Looking forward to see your next video! 
I think I need your AI tools got accurate my ads please 🙂
  8. @EmmettDeen [1 likes]: Great video Adam! I think a lot of people get caught trying to do paid ads for their side projects and think $10-$20/day is better than nothing, but in reality it’s just lighting the money on fire.

Awesome deep dive on the new learning phase as well. Do you plan to stick with Meta exclusively or will you explore an MMP and other channels?
  9. @mathws1 [1 likes]: we definitely need the ai ad tool, Adam! 🙏
  10. @MJAlfoudari: Struggling with Meta ads as well! Would love to try out your tool
  11. @emin_ui: Definitely something I am interested in. Ramping up for ads approach with my new app launching soon, and I have NO IDEA what I will be doing. I am prepared for some cash burning as taught by your first video on this 😅 So carousel approach it is!
I did plan to try and get as much help with AI for general approach, but did not occur to me to have AI tool ingest d results. That sounds like a really good idea mate. Hope you open it up 🙌
  12. @8mobile: Thanks for your tests, Adam. However, for those working in the digital products space, it is standard practice to run ads on Meta only if the product costs $50 or more; otherwise, the advertising costs are simply too high.
  13. @VombateDev: Pls i need this tool
  14. @vladimirvucetic243: So 84% saw your app for android. Do you still think avoiding android is good option considering that 84% actually could buy app?
  15. @KrisplaysShorts: you can set behaviour to "Iphone only "then ads shown to iphone users only and it will much cheaper than install campaign
  16. @polayala4517: Wow! Is your LTV really $30 per user?
  17. @kevinsmak: Interesting stuff. Ads are so rough, a lot of the time you set them up,  you let them run the amount of time everyone says, and nothing happens but a big invoice. I'm guessing at some point I have to get it right..heh

- The Truth About Meta's Andromeda Update (What You Need to Know): Kind: captions Language: en So, the Andromeda update is what everyone is talking about in the Facebook ads and the Instagram ad space right now. And I think we need to talk about it, too, because there is a lot of fear-mongering and a lot of misinformation flying around about Andromeda right now. So, in this video, I'm going to go through what Meta actually changed, the impact it's actually having on ad results and the changes that you need to make to your current ad setup to make the most of Andromeda, and to make sure you don't get left behind. So, to help explain what the Andromeda update actually is, I've got an article from Meta up about this. I'm going to run through various sections. Actually quite a complex technical doc, but I think we can break it down into sort of easy to understand uh terms and focus on the parts that actually impact us as advertisers and and why we need to update and change things in response to this update. The first thing I want to highlight though is the date. So this was posted by Meta on December 2nd, 2024. So almost a year ago as of the recording of this video. And I think that's quite interesting. And the reason why it sort of taken a while and it's only really become the big topic of conversation recently is because it took Meta a while to roll this out. So it took as Meta often does with with new features and new updates. Um some advertisers get it early, others it takes longer. They also introduce this to some campaign types before others. But now we're in a situation where the vast majority of advertisers are operating in an Andromeda um system. That's why it's become a big topic of conversation, particularly from those advertisers that haven't updated how they do things. They may have seen results drop off. They're still operating under the the old setup. And so, a lot of people talking about it. And like I said, we need to cover this, too, cuz there's a lot of misinformation and fearongering about this out there. So, there's got sort of three summary points here. I'm going to skip over those because we're going to cover those in more detail as we go through it. I actually want to start with these two paragraphs here. Right. So, we've got here, AI plays an important role in Meta's advertising system by leveraging the power of machine learning to predict which ads a person will find most interesting. And that sounds like a fairly standard run-of-the-mill sentence for an ad platform, right? Like, we're using AI and machine learning to try and put the [clears throat] right ads in front of the right people that they're more likely to engage with. Um, but that's really key to Andromeda because Andromeda is doing this in a much more sophisticated way to what has been used previously. And I really want to sort of focus in on this predict which ads a person will find most interesting angle. You'll see why that's important as it comes up. And they sort of justify why that's that's important. It says this helps people learn about a business or product they are interested in while helping an advertiser meet their objectives such as increasing brand awareness, acquiring new customers, and driving sales. Obviously, if your ads are put in front of people that are more likely to be interested in your products and services, you are more likely to make a sale, generate a lead, etc. Okay, this next paragraph is also very interesting and revealing. So, retrieval is the first step in our multi-stage ads recommendation system. And that's what Andromeda is. It is a much more sophisticated ads recommendation system that operates differently and has consequences for us advertisers. Why we need to update things and change some of our best practices. At this stage, it's tasked with selecting ads from tens of millions of ad candidates into a few thousand relevant ad candidates. In the following stage, larger more sophisticated ranking models predict people and advertiser value to determine the final set of ads to be shown to the person. So if you think about if you're targeting the whole of the US for example, how many other advertisers are targeting the whole of the US? Tens of millions if not more of potential ad candidates and that needs to get whittleled down from all those different ads, all those different advertisers because so many people are advertising nationwide broad targeting um or or a variation of to really narrow it down. Okay. We'll we'll remove 99 whatever percent of the various options and then from there we'll narrow down even further narrow down further to work out which ad is most likely to be most interesting to that user but also most likely to meet the objective that the advertiser wants. Right? So that's kind of an overview of what Andromeda is and and how it operates. But we need to focus in on a few elements here because those are those are really important. Okay. Okay. And the meta is kind of setting the scene with this next section talking about challenges of opportunities in this new era of advertiser automation with generative AI. Um, and basically they're highlighting two points. I won't go through all the detail here, but highlighting two points that because advertisers are using AI to produce ad creative, uh, not just outside of platforms with various AI tools, but also within platform to create lots of variations of ads. So if you think about using advantage plus creative where you meta may add text overlay to your images or animate them or may add music or may uh you there's all sorts of different enhancements within advantage plus creative. Well those are all different ad variations and you can have tons and tons of different ad variations from just the one sort of seed ad that you've created as an advertiser. So using that stuff as well as the external tools to produce more ad creative basically means there's a explosion in the number of ads in the number of ad candidates. So you can see one of the big challenges of the AI era of advertising is going to be instead of meta having to sort through millions of ad variations it's going to have to sort through hundreds of millions probably billions of different ad variations um as that sort of grows in an exponential way. So that's that's the first big challenge that Andromeda is designed to to cope with, but also to allow us to benefit from. And then the second big challenge here is tight latency constraints. Basically, Meta's got to do this really, really fast because if you're midscroll or you're swiping through stories or whatever it is, that next ad wants to have been sorted through all the various different ad candidates and worked out just the right one so that it can be put in front of them straight away. There's no sort of loading, buffering, etc. And you also can take advantage of changing user interest and focus and attention really quickly. This has the potential to get really complicated. I'm going to try and keep it simple and bring it back to the parts that matter for us advertisers. You know, we're not developers, right? We're we're we're advertisers. We want to get better results. So talking about deep neural networks and using the super GraceHopper super chip and deliver superior performance. But it's this first sentence again in this paragraph that I think is interesting. So Andromeda improves performance of meta ad system by delivering more personalized ads to viewers and maximizing return on ad spend for advertisers. That's the name of the game here. If we can have a more personalized ad delivery system, we get better results. If you think about this is is what Andromeda is trying to do is be a much much more sophisticated version of what we used to try and do manually as Facebook and Instagram advertisers many many years ago when we try and be ultra specific with our targeting and match the messaging in our ads to the target audience because that's been a known marketing tactic that works since forever. Right? If you just talk to everyone, you talk to no one. If you talk to people very specifically and it resonates with them and you call out their pain points, they're more likely to listen to it, to take action, to believe that your product or service will work for them. And that's what this is looking to do. It's looking to do this at a massive scale and get things really personalized for the individual to uh help improve performance. So, let's move on to the next section. So, we've got Advantage Plus automates budget allocation, audience targeting, and bid adjustments, streamlining, campaign management, and boosting performance through more ads in the system for different audiences. So, we've seen the effect of that for a number of years, right? As Meta has been able to automate uh things like targeting uh budget allocation, bid adjustments automatically, we have gotten better results. It's why more and more advertisers have switched to Advantage Plus campaigns or switch to open targeting that takes advantage of some of this stuff. That's what that first part's talking about. For example, when advertisers who did not previously use Advantage Plus Creative turned on its AIdriven targeting features, they experienced a 22% increase in return on ad spend from our ads. We estimate the business using image generation are seeing a 7% increase in conversions. So, this next part is kind of crazy. Even at this early stage, more than a million advertisers use our generative AI tools to create more than 15 million ads in a month. Now, like I said, this article was released almost a year ago. I guarantee that number has increased massively and more and more people are using the tools like I said within meta also externally but this is really focusing on the stuff within meta to produce way more ads way more ad variations they're using advantage plus creative um and taking advantage of that. So this effect is only going to continue to increase uh particularly as well as advantage plus creative and those enhancements that you see become more and more sophisticated. And then after that it gets really complicated with all sorts of diagrams and more talk on neural networks and more talk on hierarchical indexing and stuff that honestly is too complicated for most advertisers certainly too complicated for me gets very technical and just not stuff that I think we really need to worry about. Um that's more developer world than it is advertiser world. So if I had to sort of summarize Andromeda and a good way of thinking about it, I think it's like Andromeda is like Meta building out its own Netflix recommendation system. So instead of everyone just being shown the same films or TV shows to watch within comedy, uh Netflix is going to show different options first to different people based on what it thinks they are most likely to be interested and watch based on previous viewing habits and things like that. That's that's what Meta is doing. So previously of course the system before Andromeda still worked out these are the best types of ads to put in front of these people [snorts] but it was done as sort of more of a group level. So okay we've grouped these people as interested in ABC. Therefore they meet tick the boxes and meet the requirements to be shown ads from advertisers XY Z. Whereas now with Andromeda we're getting much more specific to the individual. So, it's more sophisticated, more personalized. Uh, like I said, just like a Netflix sort of comedy playlist recommendation system where not everyone sees the same thing. Some people are shown different things um to others, even if they are both of those people are categorized as being interested in comedy. So, in a second, we need to talk about why Meta created Andromeda and the changes that we need to make as advertisers to our Facebook and Instagram ad strategy to get the best results now that Andromeda um is here. But first, I want to quickly let you know about my mentorship program, which gives you all the support you need to get the best possible meta ad results, including multiple daily live calls with me and my team. Uh, unlimited one-to-one support, ad account audits, exclusive training material, like I said, all the stuff you need to get the best possible results. If that sounds interesting, there is a link in the video description. Go ahead and click on that and book a call with one of my team members and hopefully we get a chance to work together directly very soon. So, why did Meta create Andromeda? >> Why? Why? Why? Yeah, I've heard all sorts of ludicrous things said uh from people saying that Meta did this because they want to worsen results and hurt advertisers. Like that is absolutely not the case. Meta is highly incentivized for us advertisers because we are their customers to get better results because if we all stop getting any leads and sales from Meta tomorrow, we would all leave and Meta would stop generating revenue and the value of the company would crash. Like that's absolutely not what they want. They want us to get the the complete opposite. In fact, they are highly incentivized to get us advertisers the best results possible because then we keep paying them money and if they get us even better results, then we spend more money with them, we scale, they grow as a company. So, just wanted to sort of dispel that myth because I've seen that knocking around quite a bit. So, why create Andromeda? Well, the real key here is personalization. We've already talked about that quite a bit, but putting more relevant ads in front of people makes it more likely they will take the action that us advertisers want them to take, and they will also like it too, right? People don't mind advertising if it's for things they are interested in as much as they do if it's for things they are not interested in. Okay? So it helps improve performance for us advertisers and keeps the user happy. There also a big time component to Adromeda. So um trying to do it faster, deliver the right ad to the right person at the right time. And that time element also makes it more likely that you will get the result you want as an advertiser. Cuz if even sometimes in some industries if your ad is delivered to someone u who's the right person, but you got the wrong day. They've already bought the such and such thing that they were looking for and researching and you could have got an ad in there, but it didn't quite work it out fast enough. Then you could be missing out on return on ad spend and on sales because of that. Like Meta had personalization previously and they had systems to be able to do that relatively quickly, but people were grouped as opposed to being narrowed down to the specific individual. And yeah, that basically left rorowass on the table in Meta's opinion. And we can see that because when we tried to group people manually with our own targeting options and serve them ads, we didn't get as good results as we did when we went broad in most cases for most advertisers over the last few years. So that's a good example of how this system can work uh better by instead of grouping people making it more specific to the individual. And then of course Andromeda was to some extent a necessity. They had to update the system because with AI and automation creating way way way more ads than we've seen previously. Well those all need to be sorted through and organized. Okay. So for some advertisers that leads to an obvious question right? If Andromeda is supposed to improve performance why have my results gotten worse? And just to be clear not all advertisers results have gotten worse. There are many advertisers that are seeing similar results to what they had pre-Adromeda or have even seen an improvement in results, right? But there'll still be advertisers that have seen a drop off that be thinking, well, if this thing's more sophisticated and designed to get better return ad spend, why am I not seeing as good a results in in my ad account? I think there's a few things to factor in here. So, Andromeda has only really become the big topic of conversation in the Facebook and Instagram ad space fairly recently, and that could easily coincide with a seasonal decline. If your business typically performs better, say during the summer or struggles in Q4, that could easily explain it. It could be that CPMs cost per thousand impressions are always way up in Q4 because there's a lot more advertiser activity with Black Friday and and Christmas and that's when advertisers spend a lot of their budget. A lot of advertisers spend a lot of their budget. So, those things could easily be a factor. You could have changing market dynamics. Those are things that are kind of out of your control. The big thing that is within your control is have you updated your strategy and your way of doing things to factor in the Andromeda update because if you haven't that could easily be causing a big drop in performance. Andromeda is something new. There are differences and the best practices that go with it have also updated. Now what that means is that that's a great potential opportunity because if you had great results and came in, they dropped off. If you then adjust your system and your setup to try and take advantage of Andromeda, you may well see better results, not just than what you're getting right now if they have dropped off, but potentially even better than you did previously because Andromeda is a more sophisticated thing to do. And then also, if your competitors haven't adjusted and haven't um gone with the new system and made those changes, which a lot won't, then that's extra potential competitive advantage for you. Okay. Okay, so in a second we're going to run through what you need to change, but first I want to let you know about Hyros. Hyro is the best tracking and attribution software for meta ads. It's a software all the big players in this industry use, including myself. I use it to track results for my own ads as well as all my organic results as well. So if someone books a call for our done for you services, for example, I can see exactly where that person came from with a lot of accuracy. That allows me to make better decisions for my marketing and my business. High rose has been able to track that from our ad spend in this campaign we've generated 96,000 but £58,000 of that was not reported by meta. So if I was just looking at my data within my meta ad account I might come to the conclusion that this campaign is doing okay but in reality this campaign is doing a lot lot better. Now this is a relatively extreme example because of the nature of our business. So most of our products services have recurring billing elements. Meta might be able to see what we make initially from our ad spend on that initial transaction, but not those subsequent payments. That's why it it shows the importance here of being able to accurately see what we actually get from our ad spend in order to be able to make better decisions and optimize correctly. So, if you want to improve the performance of your ad campaigns without having to touch your ads, go ahead and sign up to Hyros. There is a link in the video description. Okay, so what do we need to change now that Andromeda is it? How do how do we get the most out of the new system as advertisers? How do we update our strategy? All that sort of stuff. I've got some recommendations for you. And this increased personalization is is at the core of this because that really creates a big opportunity for us advertisers in what we can do. And I'll I I'll explain what I recommend you do and talk through the logic of it as well. So my biggest recommendation is an increase in volume of ad creative. More ads is better. Meta used to make recommendations around don't have more than six ads in an adset at any one time. Now we're regularly running adsets with 20 ads or more in there. If you think about what Meta is able to do, they're able to work out of those 20 ads, let's say, this one is right for this person and this one is right for this person. So that increased level of of specificity when it comes to personalization means that more ad creatives gives Meta more flexibility to put the right ad in front of the right people. Then within that increased ad volume, ad creative volume, you also want to try and increase creative diversity. So not just different ad variations, right? not just changing the image on a background, but different ads with different angles that focus in on different things and that different people might be interested in that might grab their attention uh more than others. Right? So, if you think about creating lots of different ads, you want to try and hit different things. And these will vary a little bit depending on what it is you're selling, but I've got a little list I'm going to run through. So, you could create different ads that try and hit people at different stages of the awareness ladder. So, the awareness ladder in marketing, you're probably familiar with it. You start people that are sort of not even problem aware, completely unaware. And then ads that are targeted, those people will often be like, "Did you know that such and such can be a real problem?" And then you go through the various other stages. And then you've got sort of problem aware, so they're aware of the problem but not aware of the solution. So then you have ads that explain the solution, but you don't need to explain the problem in the first place because they already know. And then you have ads to people that are solution aware, where you don't de you don't explain the solution more broadly, but you talk more specifically about your product or service um to get them to to buy that. You can create ads thinking, okay, does that apply to my industry? Could I create some ads that are explaining the problem in the first place, create other ads for people who already know the problem but don't know the solution. And and then all the way down that that's a good way of thinking about, okay, how do I create ads for those different different options? You could create ads that touch on different pain points, right? Maybe your product or service solves different issues. Maybe your competitors are more expensive and more timeconuming. So you could have one ad that really focused on the fact that you're cheaper, another ad that really focused on the fact that um people can save time, lots of different pain points, lots of different uh industries. Have a think about those. And then you can also flip that, right? And different desires. Does someone want to save time? Does someone want to save money? Does someone want to buy your product or service because they're going to look really good in front of their friends when they've bought it? Does someone want it because it's going to be relaxing? Does someone want it because it's going to be really exciting? All sorts of different desires that you can think of. Not all will apply to all products or services, but some will apply to some. And you can look to use ones that might work and different angles because different people might be interested in different things. And that's what a drummer is able to do. Able to go, this person wants to uh mitigate issues. They're booking a fasttrack queue at an airport, for example, right? So they don't have to stand through all the cues going through security. One person might be booking that because they want to save time. Another person might be booking that because they're an anxious traveler and they really don't want the risk of missing their flight stood in a queue for security. Another person might buy it because they want to feel swish that they're just walking straight through to the front of the queue. Those are three different desires for the same thing and different people will be interested in different ones. Like a business person is probably more going to be interested in the time saving. An anxious traveler and frequent traveler is going to be more interested in not missing their flight etc etc. Okay. And then different avatars within your target audience. So there are likely to be within your overall target audience different groups of people and you can speak to them specifically. Imagine advertising a gym, right? You're going to have people different ages. They're going to be different fitness levels. They're going to be coming from a different place. Are they trying to lose weight? Are they trying to gain muscle? Are they trying to get in better shape to compete in some sort of sport or athletic event? Are they doing injury prevention or injury rehab? You could create different ads for all of those different use cases and different avatars. Like older people are more likely to be interested in X. Therefore, we can create ads that are more suitable for them. And again, another good way of thinking through um the different ads, right? So, in general, I get this question all the time now. How many ads should I be looking to put in my ad campaigns? And my my advice here is as many highquality ads as you can produce. Don't necessarily run them all at once, particularly if you're operating with a small budget. Meta still needs to be able to test the ads and see which can perform best. And that's still a process that's going to occur. But the vast majority of people I speak to, they are constrained by how much good stuff they can produce, not by what Meta can handle nowadays with Andromeda. That's a big big change. That wasn't the case even a few years ago. What I see a lot of advertisers doing is they hear, "Oh, I should have 20 ads in an adset." And then they just go ahead and create 20 ads every week. But the only way they can create 20 ads every week is if they're basically variations on a theme or, you know, they're just swapping out something really small or they're just not very good. Don't do that. Don't create volume for the sake of volume. Uh well, actually, no, you do want to create volume for the sake of volume because that helps. But only do so if the ads you're producing are high quality and if the ads you're producing have different angles, hit different pain points. Talk to different desires. Talk to different people at stages of awareness. Uh talk to different avatars within your audience and then allow Meta to be really smart and work out, okay, this person needs to see this ad. This person needs to see this ad. And another part that we haven't talked about or what wasn't expressly said within that document, but I've talked about because it's obviously being featured within the new system, and I've mentioned this on other videos, is meta being able to add sequence. And if you have more creative diversity, the meta can add sequence more effectively. What do I mean by that? Some people within your target market are basically ready to buy. There's no point putting a an awareness style ad, a top offunnel ad in front of that person. You might as well just go for it. Go for the sale. go for the the lead inquiry, whatever it is you want people to do, right? With a more direct bottom ofunnel style ad. But some people do need those top offunnel style ads. So again, by Andromeda being really smart, being able to personalize if you put ads that would previously have hit different uh stages of the salesunnel in together. Meta is smart enough to work that out, right? Some people going to need to put a top of funnel ad in, then a middle of funnel, then a bottom funnel. Other people straight for the bottom of funnel. If you put them all in together, Meta can work that out for you as opposed to separating out into different campaigns or different adsets and then forcing the issue by saying, "No, only advertise to these people." This is really quite a difficult thing to get your head around if you are if you're someone who's been advertising on Meta for a long time and you come from a multi-step salesfunnel process, tons of retargeting, manually set up retargeting. Um, this is very different. Requires, you know, you to trust Meta a lot more. But I've talked over the past few months about different campaign structures and about including different ads that hit different um stages of the funnel, hit different pain points, using hook variations to create lots of different ad creative relatively quickly and easily. And I consistently see on those videos people coming back with, "Wow, I changed over to the new setup and my results have gotten so much better. I've I must have seen that comment a hundred times or a variation of it hundred times um in the last month or so." And that's because yes, lots of advertisers have experienced big drop offs from Andromeda because they did not update their system, their strategy, their setup to the new setup. And if you do, if you play by the new rules as it were, if you give basically Andromeda and Meta's machine learning system what it wants, it can work for you as best it possibly can and help you get um significantly better results. Okay. And one of the big changes that we need to make to facilitate that to facilitate all this extra ad creative uh and being able to get the best results and allowing method to do its thing is a change in campaign structure. And I have seen some nutty campaign structures recommended by people in this space to help um take advantage of Andromeda or combat Andromeda. And it's quite clear whenever I see these crazy campaign structures being talked about, especially in relation to Andromeda that these people don't really run many live ad campaigns because they're completely impractical. They certainly don't have 1,200 plus ad accounts um in their business manager like we do. And we're running thousands of meta ad campaigns at any one time. We very much see what works in the real world, not just in theory. And actually with Andromeda, you want a very simple campaign structure. Probably not just the one campaign, uh but you want a very simple campaign structure. And I go through all of that in detail in this video here. And I think this is a logical next step to go ahead and watch this after you've seen this to see exactly how we're doing things. This is very much done with Andromeda in mind. It's what Meta wants us to do. And once you switch over, you are likely to see significant improvement in results. So go ahead and give this a watch

  Top Comments:
  1. @MartinVargasWallin [14 likes]: A problem that I see is that even with high creative volume, 10-20 creatives in one ad set, the meta algo will prioritise and a lot of creative will not get any spend at all. For me that is wasted creative efforts, money in the bin and not really better performance.
  2. @BenHeath [1 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  3. @lisajanejones6308 [1 likes]: I'm not convinced on Metas AI at all. For example, my own personal feed is now full of the most random content and ads that I have absolutely no interest in and never have. Its a hot mess that make no sense. I use to enjoy scrolling FB as all the content and ads I saw where based on my interests and stuff I've engaged with etc ... not any more.
  4. @riyazulhoque7407 [1 likes]: ** help**     I used to run meta ads on a Facebook ad account which used to produce decent results right now I have switched to another Facebook ad account but that is not producing good results is there a way to transfer my old Facebook ad account data to the new account?
  5. @mikaylaxam: How many ad creatives should I have in an ad set that has a budget of $20 per day?
  6. @jakefrosher: 👀
  7. @martiejunior: But then how do you optimise specifically if all stages of the funnel are in one campaign? How do you know which is the part that needs to be tweaked (pre-aware vs ready-to-buy) if it's all in one big wash of a campaign with X cost-per-sale for example?
  8. @TahaBuw: Thanks!
  9. @aronuchukwuezugo615: 10:36 But they ban ad accounts wrongly and don't have a human support people can reach out to fix it so we can keep spending with them.

How does it make sense?
  10. @chukwudumofoegbu: Hey Ben, how does the new Andromeda update affect your omnipresent ad strategy?
  11. @valea-o8g: do I have to activate Andromeda or is it already turned on?
  12. @jnpilot: Who here is having issues with the video views objective now delivering to the same person over and over again? In just two weeks, I had a 10 freq for the same size audience previously used that would have a 1-2 freq in the same time period. Its goal seems to be to obtain video views at the lowest price without any regard to frequency.
  13. @MountainCollectivePodcast: thank you sir.
  14. @IvanmoralesSMP: funny I was allready doing all of this prior to the update .. now I understand why my I didn't get affected
  15. @lektrolietuva: This creative strategy is amazing and it really works! Thank you su much, Ben!
  16. @namitshri: If we are selling different products targeting different genders, should we create different ad sets for each, or will Meta AI be able to target the right creative to the right gender on its own in a single ad set?
  17. @taniacasey6617: Hey Ben, I've been watching your videos for a little while now so the company I work for can do paid promotion. We have a good size CRM but in New Zealand, I'm not we can import our clients info into meta due to our privacy laws. Not without stating this in sign-up T&C's which is ok going forward, but any historical customers would have to be excluded. Do you know more about this situation with some countries?
  18. @IppokratisSaridis-b1f: If we create lets say 10 high quality ads in an ad set, wont they be limited by budget? Even if i have 100$ per day, wont some of them produce better results and get all the money then from that point? What changes in that perspective with andromeda? If this happens and we have 10 more ads do we place them in a different ad set with separate budget or in the same but closing some of the old ones? Will the best performer be a problem and wont "share" the budget?
  19. @DBMTexas: Here’s the real issue. I’m a small apparel business owner, and I’ve been through three agencies. Each one promised they’d be better than the last, and each one failed. In the end, the agencies made more money than I did. They’ll celebrate getting a 2–3x return like it’s a huge win, but for a business like mine, that’s not good enough. Once you factor in agency fees, cost of goods, and ad spend, a 2–3x return can still leave you barely breaking even—or losing money.

So what perception does that create for small business owners toward Facebook ads and agencies? Honestly, it makes it feel like they all suck and you’re just throwing money into a black hole. Eventually you stop spending on Facebook ads, and Facebook loses revenue. Yes, agencies bring businesses onto the platform, but if those businesses aren’t profitable, they’re going to quit advertising. And when small and mid-sized businesses stop advertising, Facebook loses the customer entirely.

I know this firsthand—whenever I pause my ad spend, Facebook calls me right away and offers to help for free. And that’s actually smart. Who knows the platform better than Facebook? If they can help small and medium-sized businesses become profitable through ads, they’ll keep us spending long-term—and they’ll naturally cut out a lot of smaller agencies that aren’t delivering real results. Facebook’s goal is simple: keep businesses advertising. But the only way that works is if businesses are actually making money. If Facebook can help owners get more sales and stay profitable, we’re way more likely to keep investing in ads. I know I would.
  20. @Amritpalsingh-cv5fs: Fyp

- How Meta Ads Targeting Really Works After the Andromeda Update (2025–2026 Guide): Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I'm going to explain in simple English how Meta Ads targeting works now after the big algorithm change often called Andromeda and exactly how to adjust your setup so your ads start performing again. So, give me a few minutes and I'll save you months of testing all the wrong things. We're going to cover what actually changed and why your old targeting now underperforms, the new targeting mindset Meta wants you to use, a simple campaign structure that fits with the update, and how to optimize without breaking your learning. Chapters are linked in the description. So, let's get into it. So, chapter one, what Meta changed, the plain English version. Previously, Meta struggled with the first step of delivery, which is ad retrieval. That's the bit where the system picks a short list of ads that could be shown to a person. There were millions and millions of ads out there and not enough computing power to consider them all fairly. So, the system tended to find an early winner and pile all of your budget into one two three creatives. Broad catch all messages did well, but more niche messaging and targeting didn't really work. After the Andromeda update, Meta rebuilt that retrieval engine, and it's said to be up to 10,000 times faster. Think it is swapping a tired old librarian for a Formula 1 pick route. The system consider far more ads, much faster, build a better short list for each individual person to receive specific ads. It doesn't just know that you like shoes, for example. It knows that you like red flip-flops for the beach and it can quickly retrieve the best ads to sell you that product. The result is less reliance on microtargeting within the adset and more weight on what's inside your actual ad, such as the copy, the visuals, and the target customer pain points to decide who is going to see it. Today, budget spreads across more creatives because Meta can match different ads to different people. So, you'll see your budget distributed much more evenly in the future. Now, if your performance has recently dipped, it's because your old setup was built for the old audience targeting. Now, where Meta picked one or two winners and pushed all of your budget into those ads, that era is over. So, chapter two, the new targeting mindset. The old mindset was that you'll build a super specific audience and show them one or two broadly described ads. The new mindset is you'll keep the audience broad and your ads themselves will act as the targeting. In practice, that means building meaningfully different ads, not near duplicates with just different hooks. You want variety in concepts and angles, problem solution, pain points, testimonials, demos, comparisons, etc. In terms of your ad formats, you're going to want a good mix of short video, long video, static images, carousels, collections, and more. In terms of audience personas, speak to different types of awareness levels. Unaware, problem aware, solution aware, product aare, and most aware. This is your traditional marketing targeting that is now becoming more relevant for meta in 2026 and beyond. Your copy and your creative become your keywords if you're into SEO. So, make it obvious who the ad is for and what outcome that they will get. So, this video is sponsored by GoHigh Level. If you don't already have a CRM hooked into Meta, you're leaving money on the table. GoHigh Level pulls leads straight into pipelines, triggers instant emails and texts, and makes follow-up automatic. We use it because it's allin-one, like HubSpot, but way cheaper. Use the link below for an extended trial. Chapter three, improve your targeting with this simple campaign structure. It's so much easier. So, here's a structure we're rolling out across accounts because it fits the new system and it keeps you sane through simplicity. So, simply have a single campaign per performance objective that you're trying to achieve. If all you want is leads, whether that be on forms or through your website, just create one single campaign. If you want to achieve leads and you want to achieve direct website sales, you will need two different campaigns, one sales, one leads, then limit your adsets as much as possible. Most of the time at the moment, we're using just one adset with a broad audience targeting via advantage plus. You may need more adsets only if you want to retarget at specific stages because this means you can reach your retargeting audience with different content. We then build 20 plus ads within each ad set. Our ads are written for a variety of audience personas. For example, we're just redesigning a campaign for a legal services client. And previously, we ran multiple ads for their employment law services. Whereas now, we're niching down and we have ads that talk about workplace discrimination, constructive dismissal, maternity issues, negotiated exits, etc. Each audience persona is suffering different problems and the algorithm can now match the most suitable audience to the most suitable ad. Previously, it couldn't. So, we just needed really broad messaging. So, chapter four is what to do with warm audiences. As mentioned earlier, if you want specific content to reach your retargeting audience, then you'll need a separate ad set that is set up specifically just to target that remarketing audience, that warm audience. Outside of that, retargeting is already baked into the advantage plus algorithm. So, if somebody goes to your website via Google Ads, you can almost guarantee the next time they visit a meta platform, they will be seeing your ads. So only broaden your adsets if you want retargeting audience to see specific retargeting content. Chapter five, let's talk about tracking because for all of this to work properly, you need great data integrations. Your pixel must be set up with various website actions properly recorded and tracking correctly. Then you must have your conversion API sorted. After this, within the advertising settings section, make sure you tell the system who your active customers are and who your engaged audience is. If you have a CRM, integrate it into Meta Ads Manager so it can see and understand your pipeline. And if you have customer lists of all the people you've previously worked for, worked with, even upload it into a custom audience. Meta needs all this data to consider how to use your advertising and target effectively. If you want to understand how to do all of that, subscribe to this channel and follow our simple guides. So, I hope this helps and we will see you next time. But you have to implement all of that stuff post Andromeda if you want to be successful.

  Top Comments:
  1. @KashafButt33 [2 likes]: Can you plz teach me how to create a ad account in business suit and how it works and we boost add plz teach me for the zero class it's mean you teach me for starting I am from Pakistan and I watched your many videos but I can't understand you're English is very tough and you speak very fast this way I don't understand😅😅 😅😅
  2. @sean_stone_spillover_commerce [1 likes]: This was REALLY helpful. Great video. Thanks for putting this out!
  3. @AcademyHomeBuyers [1 likes]: Are you using dynamic creative?  I was doing very well with dynamic creative in the past
  4. @dmmarketerarif: Hi, I noticed your videos have great content but very low SEO score (32/100). Titles, tags & descriptions aren’t optimized, that’s why reach is low. I do YouTube SEO and can help you grow fast 🚀. Want me to share some ideas?
  5. @nasrodineelghalbzouri4849: I sell furniture online and would love your advice on campaign structure:
	1.	Should I run separate campaigns for each product category (e.g., mirrors, buffets, side tables), or is it better to group all categories into one broader campaign?
	2.	For creatives, is it recommended to keep Dynamic Catalog Carousels in the same campaign as my manual single images and single videos, or should they be separated?

- ANDROMEDA! Full Meta Ads Strategy [2026] SIMPLIFIED: Kind: captions Language: en Hello everyone, welcome to ad signals, and today's video I'm going to be talking about Andromeda and what you don't need to fear and what you need to consider. Meta's Andromeda simplified. So here I'm going to break down and actually I've been working with clients for the last probably three, four, five months on these kind of strategies and this little kind of green thing here is actually a client scribble that I put together and there's other ones as well, but I wanted to put something together for you guys not based on just reading what's happening and just trying to do small experiments. I wanted to get some significant data before I shared it with you because I've seen a lot of people jump into writing blog posts and they just basically regurgitating what's on Meta's own blog posts. A lot of people are creating YouTube videos and they're instilling fear that Andromeda is going to absolutely change the way you run ads. I can tell you right now, it doesn't have to. And what I mean by that is I think a lot of you that are watching this video, you're probably doing a lot of the good things already. So this I don't think for you lot it's going to be a significant change to what you're doing right now, but there are certain things that you're going to have to consider as time goes on because like it's here to stay. The Andromeda algorithm, process, the whole infrastructure is designed to allow Meta to make more money. That's the bottom line. Forget you and me, forget the user and everything like that. The bottom line, Facebook are looking at this and saying how do we make more money out of the platform? Their year-on-year revenues continue to climb. There's only so many placements that they can generate. There's only so much they can increase the CPM, how much they charge you before things start to break. So like one of the one of the things about this is when you look at the old way versus the new way, the old way we used to talk heavily about the pixel and I still do talk heavily about the pixel because the pixel is what you install on your website gives Facebook the visibility of what's actually happening. So if someone clicks, if someone exits, if they progress through your funnel, Facebook are tracking all of that and they're making sense of it as well. And also and I'll touch on and I'll cover this in more detail shortly. When you have the pixel on your website, Facebook can read all the content as well. It's really important to remember that because your creative signals part of it is related to your funnel and your landing pages. So you really important to get that working as well. So the old way was heavy reliance on pixel data. The new way is, you know, what Meta's calling the creative signals. The creative signals are broken down by avatar and then by their journey with your products or service and then also the type of ad they're reacting to and I'll cover what that means later on as well. But essentially I guess we've got these kind of pixel signals, we've got creative signals and all of that is being merged together and Andro- Andromeda and I'll show you the illustration they're trying to predict what's going to actually work a lot more than they have before. So I'm going to show you this one here at first. Now it looks a bit complicated. It really isn't. I'll explain what this model actually means. So on the left-hand side you've got this user requests section. So that's someone on their mobile, someone who's on their desktop. User request just basically means they're on the newsfeed or they're on Instagram and they're just waiting for coffee. So waiting for content. The ads corpus are all the ads that exist that could be served to that user. There's a new process and it's this thing here. I don't know if I can scribble on it. Let me grab my little drawing tool. So this thing here is a huge change that Meta have introduced. So this hierarchical ad index what they're trying to do is if you look at this. So we pick these dark colored circles here. They're all ads. They're all different styles of ads. Meta links all of those and say they're really similar ads. Let's group those into this part here. Then these three ads that here are very similar. Let's link those here. So what ends up happening is and this is the crux, I think that the main part of what Meta is trying to produce is they want you to provide as many variants of ads as possible for as many avatars as you can and let them do the sorting. Now this kind of plays against the way I've been running ads and to this day I still run ads. And the reason is I'm yet to see this work consistently. At some point in the next probably 12 months, Meta will have enough data and and at some point it'll work a lot better, but essentially what they're doing is they're grouping ads based on a number of creative signals, audience signals and things like that. Now this part at the bottom and I don't know if you've seen it, but there's been talk of Nvidia which is a chip company, a kind of microprocessor chip company and then Meta in their own infrastructure. Now this requires this thing here needs a lot of computing time. There's a lot of analysis and stuff that goes in. Now if you imagine a user is here on Instagram and all they all they want is content. In the background Meta says what ads can we serve? How can we find the right ad for the user? How can we decide which one to deliver right now? And then how do we actually deliver those ads back to the user? So simple step-by-step process, but the amount of thinking, computer thinking that goes into it is massive. Now in order for Meta to make this work it needed two things. It needed AI and it needed Nvidia's chips because it needs the logic, it needs the kind of thinking power and it also needs the processing power of actually the machines that are able to do it. Those things have happened over the last few years thanks to chat GPT's explosion which has actually helped Nvidia as a company take off. But anyway, that's a side side thing. What you need to know here is this part in the middle because when Meta is looking at this thing here called the hierarchical ad index that's where they are trying to get you and I'm going to write you here. They want you to focus on this part here. Because if you just I don't want to use the word dump. I need a better word than dump. But if you're going to dump a bunch of ads in I would hope you've done some research first, but let's just say you put lots of ads into one ad set. So here there's what? 2 4 6 8 10 12 14 There's 15 ads here. So if you drop that into an ad set and we have campaign we have an ad set and then we have 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 ads. That's what Meta is looking for. I'll put that bit cleaner at the bottom. So one times campaign, one times ad set. As an example, 15 times ads. So Meta's goal is, "Hey, look at Meta advertising is so simple. You just need one campaign. Decide you want sales, do you want leads, do you want video views?" All that kind of stuff. And all you need is one ad set. And within that ad set you just go just put in your location put in your age gender and that's it. Look how easy it is to run ads on Meta and all and then all you do is just give us 15 ads and then on top of that AI will help you build the ads as well. So in Meta's world running ads is so simple and this is the thing that I find when I speak to Meta reps they also believe in this as well. So in their mind they're like, "Just run one campaign, do one ad set and just drop 15 ads in there." And just and then they will tell you this. Just put put a budget in of about 500 dollars and let it run and it'll be amazing. Here's the reality. No For most small business owners, just dropping $500 a day in a single ad set, that's scary. Because first of all, like you don't know if these ads are going to work, right? So you're dropping $500 in, you could be thousands of dollars down before you start to see any result, before you start to see the this algorithm and stuff doing its thing. That's the massive flaw in this that it needs data and it needs ad spend. Now when Meta run these kind of things, they often go to their kind of premium clients and we're talking about people that spend millions a year with Meta, if not more, like tens of millions with Meta. Spending $500 a day on a test for Meta is absolutely pocket change for them. So then they will come back with these results and say, "It worked amazing. We started off at $500 a day, did one campaign, one ad set, 15 ads. I let it run for 3 days and the results were mind-blowing and all that kind of stuff." There's a few problems with that. Number one is not everyone has the ability to spend $500 a day without worrying about what happens. And number two unfortunately by going to these big brands, they're discounting the fact that they are brands. So if the brand just ends up running 15 ads, first of all, their pixel data is very strong and secondly they've been running ads for a long time anyway. So their customers are expecting something and they're going to react and there's so many variables and stuff and I've spoken to Facebook about this. You cannot run a program like this to premium advertisers and then present it to small businesses because by the way, the 9.9 plus million advertisers that don't really know what they're doing, they are the small advertisers. They're the ones that are they just launched three comp store or they've just started freelancing or they found a local client and they just want to run ads and things like that or they've got a book and they want to sell it online. They're the people that are struggling. Now if I if I was to go to them and say, "Hey, this is how you run Andromeda. Just do one campaign, one ad set, just do some broad targeting, just drop 15 ads in there, some videos, some images, some UGC and just put your budget at $500 a day and give it 3 4 days and just see what happens." I'm going to get a lot of negative reviews and say, "This guy doesn't know what he's doing. He's cost us thousands. We didn't make any money. It's been a disaster." But when Facebook say it, you say it looks really good. We should probably try it cuz Facebook said it. No, guard yourself against this stuff. And and this happens with every release of Facebook stuff, CBO, Advantage Plus, everything they drop in, take it with a pinch of salt until you've seen enough evidence that it's working and then start doing a small test yourself. So then you look at this and say, "How do I make it work for me?" And that's something which I want to make sure by the end of this you have a game plan to make this work as well. Now the other part of this is this model called Meta's generative ads. So they call it GEM, G E M, should be GAM, but that doesn't sound as cool. And by the way, if you've got questions, just kind of post them below and I'll answer those at the end as well. Meta's generative ads model this builds on top of this diagram here. This is a layer below this. Now I'm not going to go into the detail here, not just because I don't want to confuse you, but I also don't fully understand the detail here. So I'm not going to explain something I don't understand. What I do understand is what they're trying to do is understand a user a lot better. The bottom line for you is to understand if this model is to work Facebook need to know your intent as a user. Like I I share this example and I've shared this for many years. If you take an example of any given user throughout their day, they might use different devices and they might have different intent during the day. So I'll give you an example and this was I think this was a story that Facebook actually shared with us many years ago when I went to one of their events and they said, "For example, let's say you're targeting someone with clothing and it's a female clothing brand. So your ideal prospect as an example, she wakes up in the morning 6:30, she checks her phone, she's on Instagram first thing in the morning and then 5 10 minutes later, she's out of bed, she's getting ready and things like that." In that 10 minutes she was checking Instagram, she's not going to click any links, she's not going to buy anything, but she's been browsing and if your ad appears, she may have taken notice. Few hours ago, she's ready, she's now leaving or maybe not a few hours, but an hour or so goes, she now leaves for work. Now let's say she commutes and she takes the train and the bus. While she's on that commute, she's also back on Instagram checking in what her friends are doing, liking friends posts and other brands she follows and things like that. She might see an ad and she might click, but because she's on her way onto work, she's very unlikely to buy. Then let's say she's at work, phone's off. Lunchtime comes around, but this time she's on her desktop and she's on Facebook and checking in on what's happening there. She sees a nice ad and maybe she sees your ad and the ad is this summer outfit and she thinks it looks good. She clicks it, has a browse on the product page and makes a note of it and then actually maybe she does some configuration, clicks the add to cart and says, "I'll come back later and have a think about that product." Later comes 5 6:00 in the evening going back home again on the mobile browsing Instagram not necessarily clicking or doing anything. Gets back home, does her evening routine and then maybe 9:00 at night, she's back on Facebook and checking in and then she sees your retargeting ad and that retargeting ad has a 15% offer and she said, "I really did like that thing that I added to cart earlier." She clicks the 15% offer, finds the products again cuz by by the way, she added to cart on desktop, but on mobile the data is not there. She finds the product, checks out and buys. Now throughout all of that, Facebook is collecting all this data. So when you look at this data here, this is exactly what they're explaining on the right hand side. So when a user is taking the certain actions, Facebook is collecting all of that data. For example, if they're clicking on Facebook clicking on Instagram or actually converting or all the things in between that they can do. They can like and comment, they can view a video. There's so many actions that go into it. What Facebook's trying to do is to predict and it's a massive prediction model. This is the thing about it. Prediction is not like a prediction is not factual. So if someone knows if if Meta knows this user is likely to do these actions, it's a prediction model. At the end of the day, even if it's the most superpowered AI in the world, it's still a prediction because let's say for example she has to work through lunch on the following day, she's not online. So your prediction failed cuz you assumed that she was going to do a certain action. So Meta's building all that in so that when it can figure out the hierarchical model it knows that number the ad number one should be this, ad number two should be this, ad number three should be this, ad number four you've made you've done ad one and two, you've seen that already. Now we're going to serve ad number three. So it's starting to build that picture. In theory, this could be really amazing because it's building up that knowledge of across device behavior and the actions that a user is taking. So in theory, if all you do is just drop a number of UGC ads, you drop some testimonials, you drop some carousel ads, you drop some videos and images and you drop all of those into a single ad set, then in theory, Meta will not just decide, you know, what to serve at a particular time, it'll decide on the sequence as well. So it'll say for example, most users react better to a video first, then they react better to a static image, then they react better to a video again. It will figure out that path without you having to think about it. So that's the big goal of what they're trying to build and this complex looking thing here is essentially that prediction model. So hopefully that makes sense in terms of how Andromeda's developing. Now one thing I will say is and and I wanted to explain some of the smaller parts of this as well. Now one thing it does is to filter weak creatives before the auction. So I mentioned this word here, predictive. What it's trying to also do is to filter out ads it doesn't think will work. This is really important because when you think about your test strategy if you just follow this path here and I'm not saying you shouldn't. If you want to test this out this says just drop 15 ads in and let Meta decide which ads are going to work or not. So essentially what ends up happening is you have to absolutely trust the algorithm. What that means is if you drop those 15 ads in and some ads get very little traffic or no traffic and and some ads get more spend and the others don't rather than you saying, "I'm going to pull some and try and force traffic here." You're supposed to absolutely leave it alone because what Meta's doing is saying, "We've filtered out the ads that we don't think will work." It's this prediction model. So if you've dropped those 15 ads in it might look at that and say, "Actually, based on experience of these kinds of avatars that you're after and these audiences these ads probably won't work, so we're not going to serve it." So this is the thing about it and that's why Meta will tell you don't touch it because you're not supposed to touch it because it starts screwing with the algorithm. So if you're the type of person like me that wants control, that wants to be able to influence which ads get tested to get the proper data and let the auction decide then this model is going to be very frustrating because to in order to make it work, you're going to have to take a step back and actually let Facebook get on with it. It's the same problem that happened when Meta created CBO. You were supposed to step back and let the campaign budgets decide most users didn't do that and then they complained that CBO didn't work. So if you're trying to use the strict Andromeda model, this is what you're supposed to do. It doesn't mean you can't have more than one ad set. You can absolutely have two three ad sets, but in there, you're just meant to drop your ads in and don't touch. So Meta starts to self optimize. So if you can do that, then maybe the Andromeda update is for you. It matches people and creatives at an individual level. So this is really important because where I described here, it's starting to deliver these ads, this is one user request and then these are ad candidates for that one user. So your 15 ads for example, I'm just going to have to draw the curtain slightly cuz the sun has surprisingly decided to come out. If you're dropping those 15 ads in, those 15 ads are sorted for every individual user that comes through to Meta's system. So those ads as you can see from the different coloring, just to denote that they're different ads, are served in different ways. So what they do is firstly group them based on the types of ads that you've got then they start to use this model to decide which kind of ads are the more likely to work and then they deliver them. So let's say for example, this gray one is ad one, that one's ad two, that's ad three and that's ad four then they're sequencing it on a per user basis and this is why you're not supposed to touch the ad sets because it's self configuring in the way that when the individual user sees the ad, some ads might naturally get more impressions, some might naturally get less, but it's all because it's at the user level. So, that's really important to understand. The third part, it favors automation and Advantage Plus over manual control. So, again, if you're in the minority like me and you know what you're doing, this probably is going to frustrate you and it will probably not work in the way you want it to as well. Where it will work is for someone that doesn't really know what they're doing on Meta, doesn't really want to go through training, doesn't want to get advice, they just want to get into Meta and often they'll just jump on a call with a Meta rep and the recommendation will be this, just run a campaign ad set, just drop your ads in and let Meta do their thing. They'll probably get that down to $50. You need a decent spend and they'll just say don't touch the ads, just let Meta optimize and let Meta optimize. You probably need to give it 7 to 10 days in order to see something. In that time, you're going to have to sit on your hands. Now, here's a massive problem for you. Now, I know some of you run ads for clients. I honestly don't think Andromeda is going to work for you. Now, imagine the scenario where you're working with a client's ad account and you've launched a campaign and ad set and you've got 15 ads there and literally just do nothing for 5 days. How do you think your client's going to react to that? Yes, you can explain to your client, "Hey, this is Andromeda. This is how we run ads now." But just imagine going to a client and saying, "We're just going to drop 15 ads in, we're going to spend $50 a day and just give it 10 days and just see what If I was a client and I knew nothing about ads, I'm like, "That doesn't sound right. Like, why would you not look at it daily and start making configurations and stuff?" Oh, no, Meta said, "We just need to leave it and just let Meta do their thing." Client would probably look at that and say, "I could do that myself. What's the point in hiring you?" And here's the other problem, thanks to AI, the easiest part of Meta ads, which is the creative I'm going to argue and the copy and stuff, clients can do that themselves. They don't need to be technical wizardries to figure out ad set targeting or campaigns and things like that. This part is getting easier. Meta have intentionally made these parts easier for people like that. So, if you have clients, you're going to end up in a situation where your clients are going to be like, "I can just run it myself. I can get AI to create my copy. I can get AI to create my videos and create my images. Why do I need an agency for?" And that's going to be something that you're going to have to figure out because if you are running Andromeda, I think that for a certain spend level, for clients doing it for businesses doing it themselves, it might be a good start point if they can make it work. And that means they need enough budget, they need enough creative variety. To give you an example, one of the reasons why we are building into Ad Signals AI so much around ad creative is for this reason because the differentiator for you is going to come down to these things, how you create your avatar, how you do your copywriting and your angles and creating your images and things like that. That's going to be your differentiator. So, back in the day and we talked about maybe five even five years ago, maybe even two three years ago, a lot of the agencies and freelancers knew the technical side a lot better than clients ever did or ever will. Meta are trying to make that easier now and especially with AI. I'll give you an example, sometimes I need a tracking code, so like a pixel event code, I need need a new code. Previously, I'd either go to Google and search for the actual code and make an edit or I'd go to old code and copy and paste and maybe just change the event name. Now, I just go to ChatGPT and say, "Hey, I need an add to cart event with a $97 price point. Give me the code." And it just does it in 3 seconds and it's there. I can do that. Business owners will start thinking like that as well. For example, okay, Meta told me one campaign, one ad set, guide me through what to do. AI will do that. In fact, our own Ad Signals AI does that for you as well. So, if clients are starting to use that, then the problem is what purpose do I serve as an agency owner and a freelancer? The big thing is going to be on creative signals. Your differentiator is here. And I'd probably say 80% of your influence is going to be here, but there is still going to be an influence on the data, the pixel, the CAPI and all that kind of stuff, which clients don't really care about, but is really important as well. And that's something you're going to have to push in as well. So, we talked about automation. So, Advantage Plus essentially gives Facebook a ton of control. Manual control is how you can actually test ads properly and things like that. Then the last point here is it rewards creative diversity and not microtargeting. So, for example, if you look at this in terms of Let's have a look down here. So, this campaign structure here, we have broad and narrow audience. This is how I run ads. So, what I do here is I create a an ad set here. So, this is my ad set. And then I have it per avatar. So, this is avatar number one for example, this is avatar two. So, one, two and avatar three. So, by defining a broad audience narrow avatar, that basically allows me to create ads specifically for one avatar. This works and it will continue to work. This is the way I like to do it because when you're when I'm talking to a specific avatar, let's say for example, it's a supplement brand. Avatar one could be moms or moms if you want to call it North American. This one could be athletes and I'm not saying moms can't be athletes, but just being specific. This one could be bodybuilders. So, three distinct avatars and I could have defined those with a 500 avatar and create those. Now, if you imagine the ads here, all of my ads here are focused on moms. So, hey, it's tiring, you got kids, you're low on energy, maybe low on iron. All my messages around that. Athletes, I'm talking about recovery times. I'm talking about extending your stamina and your lactic acid wastage and all that kind of stuff. Bodybuilders, I'm talking about protein and mass and things like that. So, logically, the this kind of split makes sense, right? We have three very distinct avatars. What Meta is telling you to do instead is instead have one broad ad set. So, in this respect, like this could be for example, uh female, I don't know, 21 to 50. This one could be male, female, 25 to 40, whatever it is. What Meta is saying here is just do an ad set, male, female, 18 plus for example, and that's it. That's it, you're done. And it might be country based, it might be location, whatever it is. But drop all your ads into here. So, here for example, I've got avatar one, I've got avatar two, I've got avatar three, got all these angles and hooks and some of them are videos, some of them are statics, some of them are UGC and all that kind of stuff. So, Meta is saying drop all of that into the ad set and let us figure it out. Can this work? It can because of Meta's model at the individual level. And here lies another problem. Imagine going to a client and saying, "Hey, we've got these three avatars. We identified moms, athletes and bodybuilders. Just going to drop them all into one ad set and just let Meta figure it out." Again, it's going to be a hard thing to explain. Some customers don't care and all clients don't care and that's fine. But also, when you're running these ads, for me it is stressful because I'm looking at this and saying, "Male, female, 18 plus, I've got this group here which are my" I'll do the North American spelling. That's how my kids do it now. "I've got these moms, we've got these athletes and we've got these bodybuilders. What happens if the male starts to see the moms campaign?" Now, in theory, they shouldn't because Meta knows who are going to respond to the moms, the athletes and things like that. But that's the thing that I find difficult to get my head around is I don't trust Meta. I don't know if you follow me for any amount amount of time, you probably know that when Meta come up with products and ideas like this, I'm always skeptical. Until I've made it work consistently and with significant spend, I'm skeptical. This is why I will personally continue to run this. However, what I will start to do is to drop more ads into the mix. So, where previously I've said run a minimum of three ads, now it might be a case of running a minimum of six, running a minimum of 10, but I would still recommend that those ad sets are split by logic. So, logic for me here is my avatar. Logic for you could be different audiences for example. So, one might be a lookalike of Let's say you're in finance. So, one could be a lookalike of people that have bought insurance. One could be a lookalike of people that have invested. Yes, they could be the same person, but maybe you want to target them differently. So, if you have a logical way of splitting, then that this kind of model for me would make most sense. If you want to trust Meta and give it a go and you're free to do I'm not going to say you don't do that, then this is the model that they want you to move to. You could for example, split into two ad sets, one is male, one is female if you're really worried about that, but you're not supposed to layer on too much more targeting than that. For example, when I start running my test ads, I always do Instagram and Facebook newsfeed until I've proven that these ads are working, then I'll do all placements. Whereas here, you're just meant to start off with all placements, broad, no targeting. In fact, no exclusion as well. This is the other thing that they're trying to push you towards is when we talk about the setup, so the way I run my setup, and some of you will know this, and I'll cover it off on this side, is we set up the funnel in this kind of format. We have our cold audience. We have our warm. We have our hot. And then we have our customers at the bottom. And the idea is someone who's at the cold level hasn't interacted with you at all, no clicks, no engagement, anything like that. People at the warm level have engaged. People at the hot level have clicked. And then you have customers at the bottom. And then therefore, my campaign structure is set up in that way. So I have a campaign for each of these levels. And it means I can communicate with them in in in the way that they need it at moment in time. And we have ad sets here. And then we have our ads. So this is the way I still run my campaigns. But what Meta would want you to do is instead do it this way. So you have your cold, warm, hot, and customers. And you have one campaign. Like that's it. And then within that, you might have one or two ad sets. That doesn't even look like an S. And then you have your ads below that. It's all in terms of simply simplification. Now if you've seen Advantage Plus campaigns, you can actually split these out by new and returning customers. So you can set up audiences that define who is a new new prospect and who's a returning customer. And then you're supposed to let Meta decide on which ad to serve which person. And in the ad set, you drop your new and your repeat customers in there. Not to exclude and not to target, but purely to identify. So when an ad gets served, Meta decides who's going to see what. One ad gets to warm, one ad gets to an existing customer. But Meta makes that decision. I'm not entirely comfortable with that because and on one side the argument is if there's less data, then we can split the we can't split the data as well as we want. And certainly for small businesses that are just starting out, if you're brand new business and you're let's say you're spending 50 dollars a day, you've only got cold to focus on. There's no engagement, there's no clicks and stuff. So you literally just started. But very quickly, day 10 for example, now you're starting to get people a lot more people engaging and clicking. At this point, especially once they get thousands, if not tens of thousands, are hitting my warm and thousands into hot, I want to serve them, control my ad spend to them, and I want to control my messaging to them. So this is this comes back to this point of Andromeda supports automation over manual control. I still would prefer the manual control. That's because I like to see exactly what my numbers are, and I want to manage my budget effectively based on performance. Now, you could say I don't care about that. I just want one campaign, and if my ROAS is good, I don't care. But herein lies a problem. So let's say for example, you've got a 3x ROAS here, and you're you're super happy, and things are great. And in the old campaign structure, maybe it was a 2.5 x ROAS. And you look at that and say, clearly the Andromeda is working better. I recently had this problem or this situation with a particular client. And actually, they had external tracking in place. So we could actually see exactly what was happening with Meta. And when we looked at this, the 3x ROAS, I think it was something like 80% of the business that came through was returning customers, and 20% was new. Now guess what happens to a business over time when you are not replenishing your new customers? This one was an e-commerce store. Their average order value, I think it was about 150 dollars. So it was a slightly considered purchase. Now, the reason they reached out to me earlier this year was because their new customer rate was dropping. When you looked at their new customer graph, it was like that, and then it was in decline. But performance was good, and they were kind of like, we can't figure this out. What's happening? This is what's happening. Even if you set this up, it won't always respect it, and it won't always recognize it as well. So for example, it was a Shopify store, and we uploaded custom audiences and all that kind of stuff. It can't always match it first of all. But even then, it will try and focus on performance. And it will in this case, it tried to focus on return on ad spend, and it was getting a good return on ad spend. But we weren't getting enough new customers through. So in this kind of model, going back to this, we flipped it, and it was something like I think we got it to 40% and 60%. So we started to improve that, and the goal would be to then split that around. So we're getting a lot more new customers. ROAS started to drop because those new customers were actually more expensive. Whereas they were trained to think the ROAS was cheap, but it was because they kept on going after repeat customers. Repeat customers, they know you, they like you, they trust you. This was a product that people bought every 3 to 6 months. So they would have probably bought anyway. We were spending money regardless. So this is this becomes a more complex problem the more the complex the more the established the business is as well. So it's not a simple case of just let Meta get on with it. Meta don't have full access to everything else that's going on. And to give you an example, this particular client was also running Google Ads. Meta had no visibility of what was happening on Google Ads. On Google, I think it was like 90% new, and then 10% of returning. And the crazy part of this is a lot of the traffic that Google was driving was going into Meta as click data, and then converting on Meta. So again, when we started to look at even the 20% of new that came through, the majority of the top of the funnel came from Google. If you eliminated Google, then a lot of this traffic would be taken out as well. So what ends up happening is Meta gets lazy. So in this instance, it was focusing number one on conversions happening from existing customers, number two conversions from hot, number three from warm. And it wasn't even considering cold audiences. So essentially, while they were trying to grow their business through Meta, all they were doing was piggybacking off Google and existing customers. And Meta was quite happy with itself saying, "Hey, you've got great performance." But in reality, it was not growing the business. So this is maybe an edge case to you, but this is a regular occurrence for me where I'm working with larger clients, and it the Andromeda isn't built for that. So Andromeda's priority, coming back to what you need to consider for Andromeda, number one is creative diversity. So this should be a given, and I think probably everything you've read about Andromeda talked about creative diversity. I'll break a bit of that down in a short as well. The second priority is the messaging. Now, I'll explain two parts of this shortly, but the messaging is essentially your offer. So the copy, the call to action, and things like that. Then the third part is the funnel. So this is the landing page and then what you get to do what you get them to do from the funnel. And then the fourth part is targeting. This isn't important for Andromeda. If you don't do much with the targeting, I think Andromeda will generally do a good job. And I think this is why I still rely on broad audiences more than anything, and then I fall back to interest because the targeting is a lot better in that way as well. This also relates to how I've been running ads for the longest time. And what I've been telling people are the most important four things that you need to worry about when it comes to Facebook Ads. Number one is your product or service, and how much of a market fit you've got. So for example, if you have a brand I had a call yesterday actually. There's a lady that runs software for people selling houses, so realtors and things like that. And it's a new piece of software, nothing else like it in the market and things like that. And she was like, "I want to run ads, and I don't know where to start." And I said, "Are people buying? Do you have customers in that?" She goes, "I've got a few, but I'm not sure like what what things what feature the products are interested in and things like that." If you don't have product market fit, which means you know exactly who your audience is, what offer works, and you know, what funnel works, if you don't have these four things, Meta's going to get expensive, but you need to spend in order to learn. So for her, it was like, "Okay, let's run some ads, low spend, and start testing to see what the market reacts to." So she's got five USPs, unique selling points. Let's go and test those out with a broad audience, run a bunch of ads, and just see what the data tells us. What ads are getting clicks, what ads are once they visit the landing page, what they're doing on the landing page, install Microsoft Clarity, start to see how people are using it. And she had a tech person on the call, and I said, "Don't worry about the funnel and conversion rates and making it so cool. Just get the clicks and see what the people are doing." That's like the one most important thing. This also comes down to how well known your product is. So if you're selling phone cases on Meta, you don't really need a product market fit. People are always looking for phone cases. So you don't need to start running speculative ads. Would someone be interested in a phone case? You can use Google Trends, which is for looking at search data, to double-check that, but I can tell you people search for that product all the time. So, the product market fit is there. Then you look at audience and say, "Okay, who would buy my product or who would take up my service?" So, in the case of the Real Tel software, she's after consumers, so people who are looking to move house. Okay, so what type of people move house? You've got first-time buyers, you've got second-time buyers, you've got investors that are buying to let, you've got and breakdowns of families, singles, couples, elderly. Like when we start to break down their audiences, there's a number of different avatars. And then from there, you say, "What's my prime or what's my first three avatars I care most about?" Then you can work on the offer. And the offer is the bridge between the product and the audience. That's all it is. It's not discount, promotion, all those things. It's like, "How do I convince these group of people to buy this thing or to take up this service?" And then the funnel is, "Where do I send them to in order to convert them into some kind of action?" So, for them it was like a trial or whatever it was with the software. They're the four most important things to think about when you run Facebook ads. So, if you're looking at Andromeda and saying, "Will this model work? How do I need to set up my structure and things like that?" First of all, get your product or service market fit. Secondly, you must define your avatars. And this is why we, like literally the first thing that we developed in this app was the avatar builder. Because this is the single most important part of getting your ads working effectively. Knowing, having an idea of who your audience is and what the offer is, and then just creating that avatar from there. Because that's essentially what's going to help you to build every part of your targeting. So, target audience, let's say for the real estate app, first-time buyers, so people looking to buy their house for the first time, don't have too much experience, and and need some guidance and advice. What's the offer? Download this app, it will take you through it step-by-step, seamless, take away your stress, all that kind of stuff. Create the avatar from there. Once you've got the avatar, then you can start thinking about the messaging. So, what kind of angles do I have? What kind of hooks do I have? So, an angle is, for example, for a first-time home buyer, "Don't get caught up in all the jargon. Here's how to simplify." Or it could be as a first-time home buyer, "If you're worried about mortgages and all the complexity, then here's how to simplify." And then here's how our app helps. So, the angle is all to do with the different reasons why someone would be interested in your product or service. And then the hooks are just playing on that. So, for example, we talked about for this one, using humor. So, for example, we have another client that started to use those gorilla AI ads running around in the forest and talking about the product and things like that. Something which is going to cut through the newsfeed. So, that's your hook. And then the format, static video, is it UGC, is it whatever kind of style it is that you've broken down, that becomes so much more important than your structure and how you're setting up your ads. But the variety is what matters. And it's the variety that's going to allow you to make ads work. Whether it's Andromeda's setup in terms of campaign or just Andromeda working at your ad set levels. Cuz the thing is, this isn't something you switch on and off. There's no toggle that says, "Use Andromeda or don't use Andromeda." There's using Andromeda as Meta wants you to use it, then there's using Andromeda in a way that's going to work for you. The way that works for me is this campaign structure here, which is avatar-based ad sets, and then avatar-based ads. So, that's still using the Andromeda setup, except rather than running two or three ads live, I want to be running six, maybe even 10 ads in the ad set. I wouldn't have done this a year ago or two years ago, because I want my ads to be served and I talked about the spend, the budget to ad ratio and things like that. But the way Meta's working right now is it wants more ads and it wants ad variety. So, angle one, angle two, angle three, hook one, hook two, hook three, different ad formats, different ad styles. And those ad styles are all related to the type of ads you can deliver. So, when we talk about angles and hooks, this is the kind of construct. So, if I can go back to here on the left-hand side, so this is how we run it in the BPM method. So, I I think those of you in Ad Signals should know this. If not, then you'll get to know. So, we create our multiple avatars. And I've just shown you the three example avatars, the mom, the athlete, and the bodybuilder. You go through that process inside of the 5W avatar creator inside of Ad Signals AI. Once you've created those avatars, then you have an idea of where people are in terms of their needs and desires and outcomes. Now, every type of ad I run, I break it down into either a painkiller or a supplement. In fact, let's color code that, cuz a supplement is forward-facing and positive. A painkiller is immediate, short-term, and you need to get it fixed straight away. if you have a killer headache right now, and I have a supplement that in 90 days can transform migraines, that's a disconnect, cuz you're not interested in a 90-day transformation. You need pain relief right now. If I run an ad that says, "We can give you instant pain relief." And let's say, for example, it's "We can deliver to your house in 3 hours." Then that's a painkiller. Or or we say, "Drop into store and just pick it up and here's a discount." That's a pain There's literally a painkiller, cuz you've got a killer headache, we're delivering you some medication, it's going to get rid of it instantly, then great, it's a painkiller. Now, let's flip that and say, you you're a chronic sufferer of migraine, like I am. If there's an ad that says, "If you're a chronic sufferer of migraine, this program will transform your migraines in the next 30 to 40 days." Then I'm more likely to take that, because I want a positive long-term outcome, and I'm more likely to invest in something that is going to give me a future, a more future result than a more immediate result. If I see an ad that says, "Here's an instant fix for your headache." But it's like a short-term, like 24 hours, it lasts 24 hours. I'm not interested in that. I want a supplement. I want something that's going to be future-facing. So, generally every single ad that you create will come down to this. Am I solving something immediately right now, or am I solving something that's a future-facing problem? Like, for example, cat, you asked about some campaign for a club or some event and things like that. And you might look at this and say, "Is that a painkiller or a supplement?" It could be both. A painkiller is, "I need to figure out what to do with myself and my partner for New Year's Eve. We want to go out somewhere. I don't know what to do." But actually, it could be a supplement, because it's not just solving an immediate problem, it's actually future-facing and saying, "In 2 months' time or whatever, 4 weeks' time, I want to do something and I want to do something cool and I want some ideas, and here's a supplement for that." So, you're planning your product and your messaging around that. The second part is, and this is actually a big part of creating the avatar. So, when you go through this pro- process of creating the 5W avatar, a big part of what we do in the background is work with Maslow's hierarchy of needs. So, this is developed 60, 70, maybe even 100 years ago now, I can't remember. But essentially, what this does is it breaks down the human development process into five steps. Now, whether you agree it's five steps, some people put Wi-Fi at the bottom as a basic human need. You can decide that for yourself. But these are basically what people need to survive and then to thrive. So, in order to survive, you need food, water, sleep. You need safety, security, and resources. So, they're the base layers. So, for you for any human to be satisfied, happy, you need those two. Then in order to thrive, you need a sense of belonging, you need self-esteem, and you need self-actualization. So, this, for example, is where people start to think about others, they give charity, or they want to become an entrepreneur, and all those kind of things. So, there's different levels to this. Now, when you pitch your product or your service, it will play on different parts of this as well. Now, let's say, for example, you're selling water. Water is a very basic need. You don't need to explain anything about water. Literally every human on Earth knows what water is and why it's important. So, if you're selling water, it's easy to explain what it is, very hard to sell, cuz water's free for a lot of people, you can get it out of the tap, or it's very cheap, you can get it from the supermarket. Now, if you look at it and say, "Actually, our water's special, because it's got electrolytes, it's built for sports, it's all these kind of things." Think about Red Bull. Red Bull is water with wings, with all these bad additives and sugars and things like that. They're not targeting your basic needs, they're targeting this self-actualization, the higher purpose, the impact, the creativity. That's why Red Bull are always doing those daring things, like jumping off a weather balloon or hot air balloon, whatever it was, at the edge of space. Or I saw a video a few weeks ago of someone skateboarding down the side of a massive building. Or you see those homemade or garage-made flying devices and they fly off into the water. They're targeting people based on wanting to do more in life. So, if the ad was, "Hey, you need to drink and you need to survive and here's a drink that can help you survive." Or whatever it was, they would have worked through all these layers and found their space, which is you want to do something different, something with adrenaline. You want to have a big impact. You want memories. You want What Whatever it is. You want to be cool with your friends. That's the advertising that they put in. So, what I found with advertising is every ad, every offer falls into some part of this as well. And I'm pretty sure if you look at your ads, you'll be able to break them down into this as well. Then that's how we create the different angles. So, once we have those angles, and again the AI app we have helps with that, then you have your various hooks within that. So, for every one angle, you have multiple hooks. And then for every hook, you have multiple formats. And then for every format, you have multiple ads. So, you can see very quickly you can create a number of ads for any campaign very fast. And that's something which fortunately we've been able to do a lot more now that we've got our own AI. And you can use Chat GPT and things like that. And you can argue some of this, not all of it, can be done through Chat GPT. We're just making that whole process faster and easier using our frameworks. Now, when you look at this and say, "Okay, I can create many ads, what kind of ads should I be creating?" Well, I'm glad you asked. There are many different ads you can create. And these are just a list of a few things that we put together. Identity-based. Why is my pen so large? Identity-based. So, for example, if you are Where is my So, identity-based is looking at you as a person. So, for example, if I'm advertising to business owners, I can look at them and say, "Hey, you're in this position right now. Here's where you want to be, and here's how we're going to help." So, that's identity-based ads there. Then you've got problem-first ads. So, these ones are you're talking about the trying to get the person into the mindset of the kind of hole that they're in right now. Then you've got desire and outcome ads. These are less about where you are right now. They're about where you can be. So, for example, if you see a lot of the kind of bro marketers and Instagram and things like that, they have the fast cars, they have the the holidays, they have the lifestyle and things like that. That's desire-and-outcome based. Then you have demonstration or demo ads. So, you'll see ads where they're like And in fact, I've started that for the Ad Signals AI app, which is the ad that actually just showing you how to create an ad avatar. And be like, "In the next 60 seconds, I'm going to create an avatar and create some ads. I'm going to upload those into Meta." So, like that is a hook. It's pretty good. And then I can go and demonstrate how to do that in 60 seconds with a call to action that says, "Hey, by the way, you can get access to this app as well." Then you've got story ads. These could be talking about you as a founder, talking about your customer, where they were, all those kind of things. Testimonial and social proof. And then you've got And I think that's kind of obvious. Offer-forward ads. So, these are Here's a promotion. Objection-killer ads. These are often bottom of funnel, but you've got this thing that you're concerned about, here's why it's not a problem. Competitor-category contrast. So, you can start throwing rocks at the enemies. And then you've got all the different format variations. So, UGC, founder, green screen, carousel. So, when we talk about ad variation, and we're talking about formats, and we're talking about different types of ads that we can run. I Like I talked about having an infinite set of ideas. I I don't run out of ideas anymore, especially now that we've got our own AI app. Once that avatar is created, it's very easy to create multiple variants of that. And this is where the Rubik's Cube creative concept comes from, which is You know, our kind of old way of thinking, we would try and line up our creative like this cube on the right. So, the idea is let's get all of the similar ads together into different ad sets. So, if you imagine these are ad set one, ad set two. It's not very good. Ad set two and three. And then you might group ads together. What Meta's saying is don't do it like that, but actually do it in this way. So, where you're actually splitting your ad sets, put Make sure that every ad set has a big variety of ads in it. So, don't group them all together. And also, what Meta's saying is the more similar the ads, the more chance that it will not get served. And it's because of this. You'll probably end up coming across this if you haven't already. When ads are put into the mix here. Now, let's say for example, we've got one, two. So, even if we just use the colors here, right? So, we've got one, two, three, four, five, six, maybe seven similar colors. Now, let's say those are ads. Meta would look at this and say, "There's seven very similar ads. We're going to eliminate this. We're going to eliminate that. And we'll leave these two running. This is also similar to That's also similar. That's also similar. So, it might end up running one, two, three, four, five, six, seven ads. Even though you dropped 15 in there, eight, for example, are now taken away because they're too similar. Because the way Facebook's looking at it is if we've got a limited chance of delivery, if all your ads are very similar, then we're going to have to pick and choose because the predictive model says which ones should we actually enter into the auction. So, the more variety, the better. In this kind of example, let's say you've got one ad here, which is Let's supersize it. Let's just say that this ad here is ad A. This is ad B. And you've got a split test going on. And the only difference is the color in the background. Whether Facebook sees that as enough of a change or not, I'm not entirely sure. Now, let's say for example, the split is actually exactly the same copy, but one is image, one is video. That is definitely enough of a variation for Facebook to try and serve both. Let's just say ad C and ad D exactly the same image, but different copy. Is that enough for them to get equal servings? It may or may not. So, this is what you need to be thinking about in terms of Rubik's Cube and how you're actually setting up your creative to make sure that you're getting the delivery that you need for your ads as well. So, if we go back to our list here. So, how do you actually create an edge in what you're doing? The biggest part of this right now for you as an advertiser is your creative strategy is everything. Previously, you could make a claim for being really good on the platform and stuff like that. And I'd argue the BPM method has been trying to get this across to the market since we launched it publicly in 2018 that the creative strategy is everything. So, brand-driven performance marketing. That actually means that brand comes first. Brand is your avatar, customer research, what they're thinking, what they're feeling, everything that goes into the avatar, and then how you actually put that into your creative plan. So, brand-driven performance marketing says, "Okay, we are performance marketers. We put money in, we look at metrics, and we make decisions." But what's more important than that is actually the brand part. if 2018 it fell on deaf ears because you could make ads work easier. In 2025, in 26, in 27, brand and everything that brand stands for has just been amplified. And I think Andromeda's just full steam onto it from as well. Structured creative pipelines outperform random tests. So, again, going back to this kind of model, what I do here and and looking at my setup here, I test these based on avatar as well. So, I The way I run it is I have a separate test campaign. And then within that, I run different ad sets. And then within the ad sets, I then run my ads for testing. Now, the reason I test this before I put it into the main account, and I make sure every ad gets impressions, is because I want to be able to make the decision, not Meta. I don't trust the algorithm. If I go back to this example and I say, "Meta's going to automatically exclude some of your ads." You could get 15 ads together, and you've put poured sweat and guts and everything just to get those live, whatever it is. Or maybe you paid a lot of money, maybe it took a lot of time. If Meta comes back and says seven of these ads that you created, 8 50% 60% of your ads, they're never going to get served. That's a bit poor, I think. And like that's a poor experience. I know why Meta's doing it, and for basic advertisers, it's fine. But for us, we know what we're doing. I don't I don't want that. I want to make sure that every ad I put into the auction has been validated with data. So, that means 100% of the ads, not 50%, have had traffic, and I can decide whether they work or not. If you want Meta to decide that for you, that's fine. But if I'm spending the time and money in creating the videos and the images and putting the copy together and launching them, I want to make sure they get served. And this is why I use the graduation testing method. Graduation testing method is and will still be valid going forward. Graduation testing, there are four things that we focus on. So, number one is you have to start off with an audience. In most cases, I go with I generally always start with broad, and then I always start with interests. Let's put an proper end. Because when I don't have any data, I don't have custom audiences, I can't do lookalikes. So, the very first thing is broad and interest. And that's why within the Ad Signals AI app, that's exactly the way we set up our avatars here as well. So, the way it works, and I'll kind of load up an example, we always have a broad audience that's recommended. And then we do some searches within Meta to find interests that could potentially work. And then you can decide if you want to save those and use those for your campaigns. But essentially, that's the starting point. Now, once you get more data, then you can decide, do I want interests or not? Do I then want to introduce look-alikes and maybe behavioral so look-alike audience or behavioral targeting. So, we always have to start somewhere. So, we start with the audiences and serve the same ads in all of them, validate the audiences. Then, once we find audiences that work, then we start working on different angles. When we found angles that work, we start to test different formats. Once we found all of that's working, then we start testing landing pages and funnels and things like that. So, the graduation testing process still applies through this whole change that Andromeda's bringing, and I think this will give you a massive advantage, especially not just if you're running ads for yourself, but if you're running ads for clients, to be able to report back that you know exactly what's working, where and why, versus another agency that just says, "Oh, just launched 15 ads. Not sure why seven didn't get served, but eight did, and they seem okay." I just cannot foresee that being an okay conversation with the client. And the third part is with more angles, you have more avatars and more formats equals more shots on goal. So, it's like the first base versus home run idea. So, in baseball, everyone wants a home run, which is you hit the ball as hard as you can, and it goes out of bounds, can't be caught. You just casually walk around first base, second base, third base, fourth base, and you've got your team a point. Super easy. In the ads world, wouldn't it be incredible if every ad we created was a home run? Every ad had the best CPA, best ROAS, best profit, all that kind of stuff. In reality, it doesn't happen. But in baseball, there is also a strategy that just says, "Get to first base." Because if you get to the first base, you can also get to second base and to third and fourth and still get your team a point. One's slower, one's faster, one takes a bit more time, one is super quick. Both of them work. So, any successful baseball team have the strategy of having both. Try for the home run, if you can't get it, at least get to first base. So, when we're creating our ads, the same principle applies. We want those home run ads, but it doesn't mean that we put all of our effort into trying to create the absolute best ad we can. We also test variants of those ads as well to just see if we can create some first bases, some ads that show potential, and maybe you can tweak and get better and better. So, the third third part of this is when you're thinking about the system that you're using and whether you're working with me and the BPM method or you have your own process or you're following someone else's, AI and automation are a huge part of what you need to be using right now cuz it's all about speed and efficiency. I cannot foresee anyone Like right now, you should be using AI and automation. If you're not, you should absolutely be using it. If you're not using it in the next 12 months, you're absolutely going to get crushed by competitors and everything like that. So, at the very least, you should be leaning on the machines to take away a lot of the thinking and the doing so that you can actually focus more on the creative side. Systemized testing beats guesswork. So, like you could argue that the I don't know why can't I do a straight line. Systemized testing beats guesswork. To an extent, this is guesswork. So, when your ads enter this part of the I guess the ads algorithm, I know there's machine learning and clever AI stuff that goes on and it will end up figure out which ads to serve, which ads get eliminated and eliminated And we could look at this and say it's a super clever AI system and Meta knows more than I do, and I'm going to rely on it, and things are going to be great. There's an element of guesswork still because Meta, as much as they can complain as much as they can claim that they have really clever systems and stuff like that, nothing is guaranteed, and the single reason why is humans are not predictable. We are not machines, we don't follow the same process and routines every single day. Just because I clicked today at 10:00 a.m. doesn't mean I'm going to click tomorrow at 10:00 a.m. You cannot predict that. There are many things that happen in my life. For example, my my son had a smashed windscreen today 30 minutes an hour before this this workshop. I had to actually go and drive out and go and check in on it. Now, fortunately, I didn't have to cancel this, and he was also okay. But they're the unpredictable things that happen in a human's life. AI is not aware of that. Now, maybe in 10 years when AI's got eyes everywhere, it can see, "Oh, he's popped out of his house, and so he's not going to click his thing right now." So, that's a completely different and scary world, and maybe at some point AI will know exactly what you're doing in your day, and it can improve the predictability of you doing stuff, but right now it cannot do that. So, because of that, I would argue it's still an element of guesswork. So, systemizing your testing using graduation testing method gives you a better advantage than guesswork. The stability algorithm has changed. I'm going to I'm going to tell you this is a fact right now, and either you've discovered it yourself or you're going to. Creating a stable ad account is the hardest thing to do right now. And I'm not here to say I'm like the wizard of it, and you should do what I do, and things are stable. Even I struggle at times to get proper stability. And there are so many factors behind it. One of them is this whole change in how the algorithm works. It's naturally designed to cause instability because of what's happening. So, for example, if we took this out, so let's say we got rid of this and we got rid of this and we got rid of this, we still have some computational power that kind of went on with creating Meta ads, but it was a much simpler It was complex, but compared to what it is now, it was a much simpler process to serve ads. Now, the way it works right now, I'm just going to undo this cuz I don't want scribbles necessarily on there. The way this works is this whole thing here creates unpredictability because it's based on AI models that are constantly learning, constantly shifting, and constantly changing things, which means learning limited could fluctuate, which means results could fluctuate, which means for example, if results are really good on a given day, and then the next day they drop, you don't actually know why. Is it because the competition changed, something happened with the users, or maybe the Andromeda algorithm slightly changed? That will naturally create a lot more instability. So, you have to be on top of this, and this is why Meta will argue you need to just let it iron out. So, if one day's bad, just don't touch the ads and let do what it wants. I'm sorry, I can't do that. I am responsible for, let's say, hundreds of thousands of ad spend for a client. I cannot sit there and say, "I'm going to sta- sit back." The client might message me on Slack and say results look really bad yesterday. I'm like, "Meta said leave it alone. Get back to us next week. We'll let you know how it goes." No, a client's not going to accept that. Even if I'm running my own ads for my own offers, I still won't accept that. I don't trust the AI. I don't trust the automation. I trust my own eyes and my own judgment. And that also again leads down to learning phase instability as well. So, learning phase, in order to get out, you need enough clicks, enough commission conversions, enough impressions, things like that. But because of the algorithm constantly changing, I think that the learning phase will kind of lose part of its I'm not going to even say value cuz I don't even know how valuable it is, but it's kind of intent. So, I think that's another thing to keep a close eye on as well. And then where do we go with this? So, with all the things that we've discussed, first thing is the AC4 aligns with the new creative lead world. So, AC4 is this idea of getting the product, the audience, and the offer, and the funnel all lined up for wherever you are with your ads. So, if it's if you're already spending, let's say, 1,000 a day, you want to get to 2,000 a day, you've got to validate product, audience, offer, funnel. Where do I tweak next? Versus someone who's absolutely starting off, which is, right, how do I get product market fit? How do I do my research? There's different parts of that as well. The 5W avatar generates the diversity Andromeda needs. So, when you run the avatar project process, so let's just have a look at one from here, for example. So, let's pull up In fact, let's just find our avatars here. So, for example, we have our who, we have our pain point, emotional motivation, objections, Maslow's hierarchy level for a problem awareness or kind of where they are on the kind of level five different levels of awareness, who they really are at their core, their main motivators. All of this is broken down into their who what makes up their avatar. And the way we programmed it into the AI is when you create copy and creative ideas from that, in the background, it's pulling out different elements, and you've got different variables that you can attach to it as well. So, for example, when you want to create different hooks, angles, formats, to an extent, it should be a kind of never-ending list of ads that you can create from that one avatar, and you should have multiple as well. So, running out of ad ideas should not be a problem anymore, especially with the AI and the automation in the background, hopefully if you're using AdSignals AI. And this is one of the biggest differentiators between you running ads for a client and the client doing it themselves. They just won't have the concept to create this kind of content. The four funnel system handles the broad traffic Meta sends. So, I showed you, for example, how we run our ads using this system at the top called warm, hot, and customers, and how Andromeda wants you to run your ads. That's a decision for you to make. I run my ads like this, and I will continue to do so until such point that Andromeda works a lot more works a lot better, but right now it cannot it like you lose the ability to do budget changes, ad changes, and things like that based on the funnel level, which as I explained, if you have other means of traffic, if you're tracking new versus repeat, and things like that, which a good performance marketer should be doing, then that's going to be harder to do on Andromeda as well. Offer clarity is more important than the audience precision. So, I think I've explained this, but just to reiterate, when it comes to your targeting, you need to be thinking about what am I actually targeting against? Like I've talked about doing broad audiences and running interests. Generally, most of my campaigns are like that. I do run and test lookalikes, and if they work, great. But more often than not, I'd probably say most of the ad accounts broad generally works better. And I'm going to explain one of the techniques to get that working as well. And then the creative sandbox is no longer a nice to have. So, essentially create the testing that we do with the graduation testing process, it creates a sandbox of ads for us. So, this test campaign becomes our sandbox. And the idea of a sandbox is this is where we test, and this is where we learn. Oops. Don't need that curve there. So, this is our sandbox here. So, this allows us to continue to test and learn outside of Meta's algorithm, and then we can push it in. So, that means for example, by the time our ads have been graduation tested, so here we are over here doing our ad testing, and we are putting ads into the ads corpus, as they call it. Our ads are pretested versus others that are just pushing ads in non-tested. So, we have an idea of what works and what doesn't, and that pretesting sticks at the ad level. So, we when we copy from our sandbox into the main campaign, data is already attached to the ad as well. So, that allows us to continue to keep an advantage over our competitors as well. The final part of this is how the BPM method supports Andromeda. So, number one is pixel signals. At the start, I said the 20% of the effort is going to be up from going into the pixel, 80% creative, but the way you do your testing, and the way you set up your campaign structure, the advertising the core four, the four funnel system, cold, warm, hot, you'll actually give better data, as long as you set up in the right way, than a general Andromeda setup. The second part of this is on-site SEO. Now, in order to work make your broad audiences work, there are a number of things to think about. So, if I break this down into a section so when you have a broad audience, what does Facebook know? Let's use green, cuz red's like a bad thing. So, when you have a broad audience, what does Facebook already know? So, it knows something about the user based on the pixel data, because people are browsing various websites, they have the pixel, and that pixel goes back to the user profile. It also has your ad. It also has your your landing page. And it also has your conversions. So, what it ends up doing is your pixel is collecting data from the traffic and hits and things like that. It's also being enriched from other people that it finds similar. It also reads the copy and the images and the videos that you're presenting in your ad as well. So, when you run a video, Meta's looking at the transcript, and it's also it takes the video, it takes static images, and starts to make sense of that. For static images, it can read what the image is about. So, for example, if you're selling footwear, for example, and the image is of someone who's walking, and the shoe is on show, and in the text it says, "If you're looking for trendy footwear for the summer," whatever it is, so Meta's looking at that as well. And then your landing page. So, your landing page will also have copy on it, and your copy should also reflect the thing that you're selling. So, if your landing page says, "Premium footwear designed for summer for men," whatever it is, and it's got all the keywords in there, that's another positive, and then obviously your conversions as well, which says people that saw this footwear ad actually end up buying footwear. How does it know? Because they clicked this landing page, they added to cart, they went to convert, whatever the product or service is. Like the conversion could be very specific. This all gets put back into your broad audience targeting. So, the way to think about this, and if you're in Ad Signals, do a search for broad lookalikes, because this is the term I've given it. A broad lookalike is when Facebook takes all of this data and creates a lookalike of that in your broad audience. You can't see it, and you can't create yourself, but Meta does it. So, broad for example, I could be targeting male 25 plus in the US, and that's it. But what Meta's also doing is it's looking at men, it's looking at clothing, it's looking at footwear, it's looking at purchases, people that have purchased or show purchase intent, things like that. So, it puts all of this together into its own targeting. So, when it serves the ad, it's already found people that are more likely to click this. Now, I'll give you an example. I think some time ago we had a blockage in one of our drains, so I went to Google and did a search for local plumbers and things like that. I clicked into a few sites, and then I think about half an hour later, as I was on Facebook, I started to get ads for local plumbers. I didn't like I didn't tell Facebook or anything about the plumbing. Now, you could argue, "Oh, they listen to you," and things like that, but in this case, what it was doing was because those plumbing websites I clicked through from Google had the pixel installed, and because I was already logged in on my phone, it could see what I was doing, and therefore it started to serve me ads. And when I looked at it, "Why am I getting served this ad?" you can click on the little icon in the top right, and it just said, "You match similar people to this audience." Like it wasn't you visit this site or you saw this page, it was just like you I think I fell into 18 plus in Canada, and that was it. But it knew I was in market. That's a huge thing. If it knows my intent, and it knows I'm in market, in the same way if I go broad, and someone's actually looking for shoes, and I'm I'm just generally targeting, and I've got all this data, then Meta will know that, "Hey, this person's looking for shoes. Take a look at this shoe. This could be a good fit for you." So, that's a big way how we make broad audiences work, and that's a huge thing about falling into Andromeda. So, although I don't necessarily agree with the structure of the campaigns, which I guess Meta would want you to use, and simplification and things like that, I would still recommend for our kind of setup to do a logical-based split. I'm not going to say avatar, cuz logic could be many things. Logic could be, for example, a particular category. So, this could be electrical, could be homeware, could be clothing if you've got multiple store e-com, or it could be, as in my case, it could be people that I'm advertising for Ad Signals, for our coaching program, for agencies, for our one-to-one consultant program, which is for seven-figure businesses. I would split those into three campaigns, even if they're all broad, because my avatar is very different, and then I'd have a mix of creatives in that as well, as opposed to having one ad set with all the ads in there, which you're going to have to trust Meta to deliver and deliver against, which I just absolutely don't. So, that's the summary for I think the what 90-minute summary, or thereabouts, of not just what Meta Andromeda is, but how you should be using and thinking about Andromeda as well. And don't be caught up in the technical details. Don't be caught up in the fear that it's going to absolutely trash your campaigns if you don't switch Andromeda on in your head. There is no switch for Andromeda yet in Ads Manager. There are switches to be aware of in terms of AI and automation and things that Meta trying to force on you, which I don't recommend generally you turn on unless you test and they work for you. But other than that, the key takeaways are number one is creative is everything. Number two, creative diversity is the most important part of the creative. Number three, campaign structure is a decision you're going to have to make as to how you decide on structuring. Number four is then how you decide to funnel those users. Do you put them all through? Group everyone up? Do you split them out? And there are some cases, like for example, local targeting, where I do group, cuz the audiences are too small. And then thinking about how much trust you put into the Andromeda program versus how much you actually put into thinking about advertising. And then the final part is I honestly like I developed the BPM method and I launched it in 2018 based on developing it from 2014. It's now more than ever important to have a proper structure into how you run ads. You could get away with it in 2018, 19, 20 without too much structure, just throwing things at the wall and seeing what would stick. And then 2021, iOS came along and it changed the game. Then people started to take avatars and creative more seriously. Now, it's not just taking more seriously, it's do or die. You can't run a successful Metroids campaign without having proper creative strategy in place. And that's literally just this block here. This is where you're going to have to focus a lot of your time and energy into creating those avatars, building those avatars around the needs of your prospects, and then building your ad campaigns, thinking about the different creative hooks, the variants, and things like that. And then building a multiple Rubik's Cube creative strategy that's going to work for your ad campaign, for your prospects, and give Andromeda everything that it needs, as well.

  Top Comments:
  1. @nerdzik2796 [11 likes]: I can't believe this stuff here is free
  2. @ViceSacic [1 likes]: Awesome video! I have a question about the budget to ad ratio. For local lead generation with 50$/day budget, do I optimize for andromeda the way meta wants, or do I still create adsets for my clients to test avatars they serve. Because if I were to create 2 avatars, that is 2 ad sets, and then I'll have to create like 10-15 ads across those 2 adsets in order to provide andromeda with creative diversity (variation), but the budget is I feel way to low for that kind of thing. What do you think?
  3. @WODS.Agency [1 likes]: Thanks for sharing Depesh!

We're seeing that the Pixel relevance is not at 20% mostly because andromeda without good signals is quite bad and generic, meaning that it's like what's called "spray and pray".

Just shoot for the biggest audience and check which ones react to it, that's why you need to spend a lot of money to optimize the "AI".

I feel that giving more control to Meta is just making things worst in terms of controlling the brand's tone and voice towards their audience, and that in the future we will face a small crysis in audience segmentation, having quite generic ads running for a while because there won't be "signals".

That's what you shared @27:30 - what this is NOT happening already!
  4. @omidaye [1 likes]: Great video
  5. @RedaIK-iy4if: So much real value🔥🔥 and it's free 🤯🤯
  6. @ayyazahmad1055: this is absolutely brilliant! thank you for sharing this. so just to clarify something: each product/product category/offer would have its own ABO campaign and within that we will have cold, warm, hot and customers as ad sets?
  7. @LisaThomasVerde: When you say Avatar ... Do you mean Persona? I'm so confused at what you are calling an Avatar and what it represents.

- I Spent $2000 Testing Andromeda (Meta Ads Update): Kind: captions Language: en I spent $2,000 testing Andromeda so that you don't have to. What's up, guys? Today's video, we're going over some updates on Andromeda. And uh this is probably going to be a theme on the channel because Facebook just changed the game. They change everything. The good part about this, guys, is I actually think it's going to make our lives easier over the next well forever hopefully uh with how Meta is doing things. Before I didn't trust Zuck as far as I could throw him, and that still may be the case, but I'm starting to give Meta a bit more of the reigns in terms of allowing them to distribute budgets to ads and and test things uh for us. So, it's made testing a little bit easier. This really is changing our structure. I had to go update a bunch of stuff in Leadbase Pro um after I just filmed a bunch of stuff in our course. Probably should have thought about that. Um filmed a bunch of new stuff that is a little bit less relevant now with Andromeda. So, I just refilmed that in Lebase Pro. You can join for $99 a month. And I'm not going to try and upsell you some $15,000 one-on-one guru course. You get everything for $99 a month. Full course, how to get leads, how to get clients, weekly calls with myself and my business partner and other coaches, other experts. We have the founders of leadcapture.io and lead prosper in the group. Um, we have so many freaking beauties in there that are helping us learn, especially about Andromeda. We're all chatting about this right now and learning as we go. You can join 350 other entrepreneurs. But let's jump on the computer, guys, and I'll talk about the old way we were testing and the new way we are now testing with Andromeda with an example of um some spending that I did. I spent about $2,000 testing this and I'm going to show you why I'm giving Facebook more of the reins on testing creatives and trusting it a little bit more. Okay, so here's the old way that we used to test ads and I'm just going to go over it quickly so you understand where I'm coming from here. This was kind of spearheaded originally by two guys in the group, Chris and George, who have been in Lebase Pro for over at least a year now, and they're wellrespected voices in the group. We kind of figured this out or, you know, they kind of figured this out because it got so frustrating trying to trust Meta with spending the right amount of money on a creative on the best creative. So, if you threw 10 ads into an adset with Meta and you've never tested ads before as a brand new account, you had no idea where it was going to spend. It would spend like out of that 100, it might spend 80 bucks on an ad with like a.3% clickthrough rate. And you're like, why is it doing this? It's just wasting my money on this ad that doesn't convert at all. And you'll see barely any spend on an ad, you know, 10 bucks on an ad that's got two leads. You're like, why is Facebook not spending money on that ad? And so, you couldn't actually test properly with with the algorithm, the old algorithm anyway. With the new algorithm, however, it's actually starting to spend money on the right ads. I'm going to show you an example of that. I got screenshots in a second where I'm going to show you exactly how it works now. But in the the old way that we would do this is we'd create 20 adsets. We'd have one ad per adset and put $5 uh per adset budget. You didn't need 20 ads. However much you could afford, but you'd want to spend about at least $5 per adset, ideally more. And we'd force Facebook to spend, you know, over 4 days $20 on a single creative on every single creative so we can know if they're working. We'd look at the click-through rate. We'd scale the winning ads that had a better clickthrough rate and turn off the ads that didn't. and they're all in separate adsets. We had complete control over this. Then we would be able to, excuse me, determine the winners and throw the winners into a scaling adset, which didn't always work either because Facebook was just trying to learn at this point. The learning was very slow. And we throw them into a scaling adset though, make some micro variations and kind of scale that and increase the budget. Okay, so that's how we used to do things. We had to do this because Facebook simply would not spend money on the right creative. And they they had told us they promised that this would be a thing forever. for like literally years, but they it never was a thing. They never spent money on the right ads, and it was just super inefficient. That's the old way that we used to do things. I thought this still might be the way we were doing things, and I had to kind of refilm this entire video because I had to rethink this over the weekend. This is not how I'm going to be doing things anymore. I do think you could still maintain some control and maybe have, you know, maybe you have more like five adsets with like three ads per adset and maintain some control. That could be viable. And I don't know the perfect way to do this yet. I've been chatting with Chris on one of the posts in Lebase Pro about this about how to best do this. We don't know the perfect way to do it, but the more and more people I talk to, the more people are trusting the algorithm and seeing success. The guy on the pro call the other day said he put all his 20 ads into one adset and it just it cut his lead cost in half. By the way, you can have more than 10 ads in an adset. Now you can have unlimited ads in an adset. You can throw 50 of them in there and let Facebook do the spending. And again, the important thing to do as well is think about the consumer journey and think about people along that consumer journey. Instead of before just having like a bunch of different types of ads willy-nilly, now we're trying to think about somebody who, let's say, solar, for example, uh has a high electricity bill or let's even go like they have a high electricity bill, they don't even know they're spending a lot. We could have an ad for them. They have a high electricity bill and they they already know that and they want to get out of it. We could have an ad for them. They understand solar is an option. They think it's a scam. they are looking and shopping around for solar and there's this whole spectrum of people along this journey. We need an ad for all of them because that's going to help Facebook target better and creativity creative diversity is going to be how the the algorithm actually works. So the problem is coming back to this is if we try and control everything down to the minutia then we're not giving Facebook any of those the the actual targeting algorithm and drama we're not giving it anything to work with. We're just having we have too much control at that point. So maybe there's a hybrid between these two methods that's the best, but this is what I'm doing now. Okay, so the new method, the new method is I want to still be able to split test something. And maybe I'll end up determining this is there's too much going on here. Maybe we need to break this down into like six adsets with five ads each. This is what I've been doing so far. So, the goal of this is determine the effect of hook while still maintaining create creative diversity, which again, if you haven't watched my last video on the channel, I talk about Facebook's new me, you know, term creative diversity and what the new algorithm means. There's a presentation on that. So, go and watch that. But I want to be able to figure out still I need to figure out what the best hook is. I at least want to know, you know, if I'm going in the right direction at this point. So, I don't want to throw all my ads into one adset to start if I have a brand new account. If you already have been running an account for a while, you've spent like several thousand dollars, you can probably go ahead and have one or two adsets and and just kind of like throw your best ads in there and start, you know, try and test. Maybe you have a sandbox, you're testing new things, you're doing you are doing some micro variations, although you can't rely on those. Uh, but if you're in a brand new account, this is basically what I'd be doing. And this is going to depend on your budget. My camera died from the sheer volume of content that I've been filming. My voice [clears throat] is dying as well. Uh, but let's try and get through this video. Okay, so I have my creative diversity within my ads set. You don't need three. This isn't some magic number. This is just what I'm kind of testing right now. So, the hooks that I'm using here, there's there's some caveats here. And again, I'm not an expert at this yet because I'm learning. And anyone who claims they're an expert already is probably lying to you. So, what I'm trying is I want to I want to see what what hook is working. So, I might do hook one might be like see how much you can save on your electricity bill if this is solar. Hook two would be did you know costs are going up? you got to read this thing. Hook [clears throat] three could be, you know, Jenny didn't realize she could save $8 billion on her bill every month. Okay, so kind of like completely different concepts, but testing out different creatives. You still having the diff the same creative diversity. So ad one is always a Canva ad. Uh but in the first one, it's see how much you can save electricity bill. The second one is costs are going up by 87% this month. You got to read this. Hook three would be, you know, Tanya didn't realize she could save so much money on her bill. So testing different just different hooks and concepts out but still maintaining creative diversity. In the long run, we're going to want to combine all of those concepts into one ad set. But this I just still want to maintain a little bit of control and at least have some just just really that is that's it. Just some control over the ads that I'm running. That's what I'm doing right now. Again, you could just blindly trust the algorithm and throw all of your ads into one adset and seems to be spending pretty good. I don't think there's a right or wrong way to do this as far as I can tell. yet. And again, you could even go more segmented than this if you wanted to, but it it seems to make sense in terms of wherever, you know, if you if you're going adset budget inside that adset, you need some creative diversity for targeting to work properly. So, I might change my mind on this in like a week and I'll have to do a video on it. But, this is probably what I'm looking at. Maybe actually maybe it's going to be combining two of these. So having like maybe it's not even hook one and hook two but just ads set one ad set two having 15 ads in ads set one 15 ads in ads set two testing some sort you know split testing something there again sorry I don't have a I wish I had a better answer for you guys but I'll show you an example of what I did here. So, I did spend about $2,000 testing this. What I did notice, at least, this is a good sign, is this is 10 ads like like above here. This is two, you know, hook one, hook two. [clears throat] This is 10 ads inside of an adset. And it's actually spending on the ads for the most part that have a better click-through rate. So, obviously, it's skewed the spend here, amount spent, 200, 189, 133, 95, 35, 21, all the way down to three. But you can see they're under 1% down here and they're over 1% above. So it's actually spending this. It literally never did this before. It never spent properly before. You can see on the right side here, 239, 1114, 10264. We've got some decent clickthrough rates. And then there is a 2% down here, which is weird. But overall, I'm seeing proper spend on the right ads. And again, it's not even it's less about this now because the algorithm is actually finally tapping into kind of the deep learning that Facebook has done over the years. And even if we have this ad down here that has this 2% clickthrough rate, um I'd have to look at specifically what this ad is, you know, this could be for one person in the consumer journey. So Facebook's only showed it to well, you know, 193 people, but four people clicked and they're a certain type of person. Each ad here is for a different person and that's where the targeting is coming from. Whereas, if you had one very similar ad across the board, you might only hit one piece of that audience. Because you can think of this big pie of audience. If you have one one type of creative, you're only getting one piece of the pie. If you have a bunch of different creatives, you're hitting all these people who respond to different types of actors, who are different ages, who have different opinions, different political beliefs, different consumer journey levels that they're on. There's all these different again at the end of the day, we kind of talk about this algorithm that it's like it's going to do all this stuff, but it's like at the end of the day, these are human beings that are seeing an ad and reacting to it with their lizard brain. And so, we need to think about every single different type of person that we could possibly hitting here rather than the traditional marketing sense of creating like one or two avatars being like that's our target person, that's our target market. Obviously, you know, let's say women happen to buy your product. Sure, you can have ads that are more focused towards women, but maybe there's like 10% or 15% men that you also need to be accounting for. Or what are the different types of, you know, women that you're targeting as it, you know, older women, younger women living in different areas, all these different things are very important to consider. So hopefully this is helpful. I want to just give you an idea of how this is changing. Again, instead of having all this control, there's some sort of combination here that I think is going to work best. The good thing is, as long as you have creative diversity, I don't think the structure matters too much. And you might end up seeing me do something more like uh maybe two adsets with 20 ads per ads set. Um a couple people are doing something more like that. But at the end of the day, if you take away anything from this video and if you have a smaller budget, if you just had 50 bucks to spend, you you can throw all your ads into one adset now. Give Facebook the reigns. We're going to have to trust them. All right, guys. I'm officially losing my voice. I'm literally crying [laughter] from coughing. I'll end with this. Uh you guys should check out Leebase Pro. We've got this big discussion going on about Andromeda. Got people talking about it. 359 entrepreneurs in there learning about lead genen. I'm not going to upsell you some bogus course. I just updated the course about with all this Andromeda stuff. So, we're always putting work into this. We've updated it completely like three times. Would love to see you there. Holy smokes. I'm going to go take a nap. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Emerge-Digital [3 likes]: We’ve been testing CBO

Multiple ad sets in 1 campaign for prospecting - each ad set targets the same audience and we upload new creatives to a new ad set each week and let the algo decide which ad should get all the love. 

Then we graduate it to…

1 campaign for scaling with 1 scaling adset in it. 

Simple but working atm
  2. @RayToms-v6p: Thanks for testing. Confirmed what I've been trying to test at a new position and how I wanted to think about it
  3. @edvinberggren2794: Hello How many images and text variants do you recommend in 1 ad. Is best practice still running flexible ads with maxed out pictures and text?
  4. @CaruRisi: This is great! thanks for it
  5. @KaiStoneYoutube: Whats up man. We have a whitelabel SAAS doing 170k/month. Spending about 50k/month on ads. Just wondering if you're running budget for all this at the Campaign level or adset level. Testing both heavily right now with a few hundred dollars a day. We used to just run 1 ad per adset and scale that but seems like shit is changing.
  6. @dantewson359: @ryan sorry if this is a dumb question, for clarity are you doing the same ten creatives in each adset? I.e. Testing all three hooks against all ten creatives?
  7. @jeffraybosch9708: You are the man!
  8. @harchitb: what do you use for forms on your landing pages? im tryna incorporate sms otp, and i believe theres a feature where it can validate the email when its entered into the field
  9. @divyv20: Hey Leadbase , really nice video! I was wondering if I could help you with high Quality Editing and thumbnails which will bring you very good results. Lmk if you are open to it man?
  10. @tito5428: Leadbase is a dope community on Skool. Savage go-getters--iron sharpens iron. Great place to discuss, learn, and encourage.
  11. @Newdesignerz: AWESOME VIDEO BROTHER!
Also if you're Looking for a Short Form Video Editor Then do let me knoe.
Would love to work on your Videos ✅
  12. @PixelPulsezz: 🔥🔥🔥

- Meta Andromeda: The Hidden AI System Behind Facebook Ads Delivery (2025 Guide): Kind: captions Language: en Have you noticed lately that the performance of your Facebook ads seems unpredictable? Sometimes cheap, sometimes suddenly loving. The old strategy you were using is no longer working. That's because meta just changes how ads really work. And the system running your ads right now is no longer the old one. It's powered by Meta Andromeda. In this video, I'll break down how this system works. Why is it important for you to know as a business owner using Facebook ads and how you can actually use it to your own advantage? Let's discuss the three main points. Number one, metaandromeda? It's important that you understand this. Andromeda is Meta's new AI powered retrieval engine. He is the one who decides which ads will be shown to the right people and at the right time. Imagine millions of ads running at the same time. Not everyone can see it. Andromeda filters everything and only shows what people will likely engage with. It uses what they call deep machine learning. Data can be analyzed faster by behavior, interest, device, time, everything. So instead of the old manual system, Meta Andromeda Facebook ads make it faster and more automated. It's like a former traffic enforcer versus Wazte. Before humans were in control, now AI is planning the most efficient route to get where they want to go. So, Andromeda is the brain of your Facebook ads. If your creatives are good and your data is in order, the system will reward you with cheaper and better ads. Number two, how it works behind the scenes. How does this work behind the scenes, Coach J? First, Andromeda filters millions of ads. So like I told you earlier, it's down to the finalists. These are the ads that are qualified to be shown to the user. So next, it checks the major things. Number one, behavior. What are your interests? What are the recent websites you visited? Number two, creative. What is it about it that appeals to you? Number three, context. What time is it? What device and what placement? For example, if you love skin care, it's late at night, it's relaxation time. So, Andromeda will show you the night serum ad. Instead of those gym supplement ads, the system automatically learns to optimize faster than before. So it's like Netflix recommendations, the more you watch, the smarter it gets. Netflix gives you recommendations. Andromeda makes ads more relevant only if you feed in a good data, creatives, and a signal. Number three, what you should do as a marketer or a business owner who uses Facebook ads. Number one, diversify your creatives. Andromeda favors advertisers who have multiple ad variations. So, you can try different hooks, colors, and even video formats. For example, if your creative was previously one per adset, now make it three or five versions. Videos, carousels, testimonials, memes. Let the system pick the winner. Number two, PID. the machine cleans data. So how is this? If you're familiar with Pixel, this is important for Facebook ads. You need to install Pixel on your website. Set the conversion events and use real lead or purchase data. Because if the data you provide is bad, Andromeda can't match your ideal buyers. It's like an AI assistant. If the instructions or data you give are wrong, the AI will also give you wrong information. Number three, you need to monitor and adapt fast. The system changed quickly on Facebook ads. So you must also be flexible to adjust. Check your daily results during the first 3 days. Purge or kill your low performing ads and scale the winners fast. You need to be quick. So before, it was okay to wait 7 days, but now in just 2 to 3 days, you can immediately see who the winner is in the ads you published. The takeaway here is don't overcontrol your ads. Give the system what it needs. That creative consistency. And let the AI do its job. Let's quickly recap what we discussed. Metaandromeda is the meta's new AI brain for ads. It filters millions of ads to only show the most relevant ones to the right people. If you want to win, provide good creatives, clear targeting, and strong signals. If you want a guide on how to optimize your targeting, I have a new system I discovered. So download the free Facebook Ads targeting cheat sheet I created. By the way, it's free and there is no charge. All you need to do is comment below the free targeting cheat sheet so I can message you how you can download that free ebook. That's it for now. This is Coach J Gregorio and remember in 2025 and 2026 and beyond, it is no longer enough to just know how to run ads. You also need to know how to play and use AI. Paid the system right and the system rewards you. See you in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @JayGregorio [2 likes]: Download your FREE Targeting Guide here:
https://www.jaygregorio.com/targeting-cheatsheet/
  2. @elymancadayona2139: Free targeting cheat sheets
  3. @liezelsalinas1632: Free targeting cheat sheet
  4. @ivanrellosa2029: Free targeting cheat sheet
  5. @Homeboyie2023: Free targeting cheat sheets
  6. @embrox9642: Free targeting  cheat sheets
  7. @michaelmanugas772: Free Targeting cheat sheets
  8. @Terence_Kyle: Free targeting cheat sheet
  9. @celersalazar5289: Free cheat sheet
  10. @lopezinsuranceagency-t3r: free targeting cheat sheets
  11. @sharethegoodthingsstgt9504: Free targeting
  12. @viewer2k: FREE TARGETTING
  13. @christiangerona2146: Free Targeting Cheat Sheet
  14. @dbb1972: Free targetting sheet
  15. @redeemmanalo4390: free targeting
  16. @ezragabuni5778: Free targeting cheat sheet
  17. @maryrosecodes85: Freetargeting
  18. @maryrosecodes85: Free target cheat sheet
  19. @jichaeljimenez5136: Free targeting cheat sheet
  20. @jhoevenmonares2365: Free targeting cheat sheet

- Andromeda demands this new ad structure | Do it easily with Motion: Kind: captions Language: en-US I work with lots of different brands, I speak to lots of different teams. And honestly, Andromeda comes up at least once a day, if not multiple times. And what we are definitely seeing now is that some of the more sort of bigger brands or those brands that are really, really leaning into Andromeda, they are seeing success from those ads. And that's really what I want to talk through today, is how those brands are doing that. The trends that we're seeing and the patterns that we're seeing within motion. I am going to jump into the system to run you through that. I've got a couple of slides. First, one thing that made, me laugh recently, I was walking with my girlfriend, Sophie. I was like, sophie, I'm really excited. My first event with motion, we're going to talk about Andromeda. And honestly, right, she looked at me like, said an alien word. She was like, what is that? Like that's not real, you're making it up. And then it's like that sudden realization, right, that like, if you don't work in marketing or you're not interested in AI, the likelihood is you probably never heard of it. And then inevitably, the question is, what is that? I was like, man, how do I explain this to someone who has no idea about advertising? And I thought of a good example. Right prior to Christmas, my younger sister came home. She was like, josh, I need to get myself a pair of cowboy boots. And I was like, what? I was like, we've lived in like big towns all our lives. She's never ridden a horse. I was like, why on earth, would you want cowboys? And she was like, no, Josh, you don't understand. All my friends are wearing them every time we go out. It's all they're wearing, it's all they're talking about. I've got to get myself. I was like, okay. And that's a really interesting example, right? So when I was talking to. So I said, you know, if you think, if I'm a brand, I own a cowboy boot brand, I want to live out my dream of being a real life cowboy, right? And historically, the way in which we could do that is we can run fairly generic ads. They're not going to be anything groundbreaking, they're not going to go viral, but it shows a cool dude in a hat on a horse in Texas. And we can overlay different offers on that. We can use different text, and in meta, we can pull different levers to be very specific about the targeting. And that would get in front of someone like me, right? I'm sat home, I'm watching westerns all day, I'm watching yellowstone videos on TikTok, trying to figure out whether I can buy a cowboy hat UK or not, which I'm still working on, by the way. But that ad would get in front of me and it would resonate, right, because it matches the type of content that I'm consuming. But unfortunately, meta want to take away those levers so that we're not able to be so targeted. And what that does equate to is one a very sad cowboy boot business owner. And we then have to change the way we think about advertising. So the challenge that meta have is they have millions of ads and they have millions of people on meta, so who should see which ad. And that is the change, right? Is that historically, if we now put this same ad, into meta, it's going to get in front of a very niche audience, similar to myself, who are already consuming this type of content. What that means is that we're narrowing down the number of people that can see this ad. We need to keep that in mind as we create new ads. So what that means for me and coming back to my younger sister is that if she saw that previous ad, she's going to be like, what the heck is that? I'm not interested. I don't care, right? But arguably, she's more ready to purchase than I am because she's desperate to look like her friends and fit in with the crowd. So what we now have to think is, okay, cool, if I want to sell my cowboy boots, how can I get them in front of other audiences? And that's the really important bit, because if we think about my younger sister, the type of media that she consumes is completely different to the type of media I consume. So, you know, she's very interested in socializing. She's going out with her friends. She's into fashion. If we were to position this ad as a bunch of young, cool people wearing cool clothes in the cowboy boots, that would sit much more comfortably on her, feed and likely would see a much higher level of engagement because it's much more relevant to her. And that's the really important bit, right? Is that once we start thinking like that, it also opens up opportunities. So, you know, obviously my younger sister is very fashionable, very trendy. The ad on the left would probably fit quite nicely, but that doesn't mean that there aren't other demographics who are also very fashionable, very trendy that we could also target. What they're interested in will be different, though, right? My younger sister's interested in going out, socializing, doing fun, things, Whereas perhaps if we're targeting an older demographic, we need to think more about what they are up to and, what they are consuming when it comes to social media. And that becomes quite fun, right? Because the opportunities are, quite endless at that point, because we can start to think about, okay, if I want to sell my cowboy boots, how can I get in front of as many people as possible? And, you know, when I think about that, you know, I like country music, I go to country music gigs. You always see cowboy boots there. You've got farmers, you've got fashionable people, or you've got actual cowboys themselves. And all of those different people consume media differently. And what we've come to so far, it's not necessarily revolutionary, right? What we've just talked about is Personas Right? And every brand, I'm sure, has a rough idea of who their target audience is. But it's become more and more apparent that we need to understand that audience very well. We need to think about what type of channels they're consuming and then what type of media they're consuming on those channels. And once we have that understanding, we can then talk about, okay, how do we communicate with them? So once we know who we're trying to speak to, you know, is it me or is it my little sister? How would I speak with them? Because those two messaging styles are completely different. Right? And this is where our advertisers hat comes on. Because what we then need to think about is, okay, cool, now how do I hook them in? And it hooks are really interesting. It's something that Evan said a couple of months ago that really resonated, would mean is that hooks are becoming more and more like the entire ad or the entire concept. Because actually, in previous days, we would be able to run my awful cowboy ad with lots of different text. And we would call that a different hook. Right, because it's got different text. But we can't do that anymore. We now know, if we want to run multiple different hooks, they need to be visually different. And when you think of visually different hooks, that can then grow into different ads and different concepts and this sort of triangle, this path, it works up and down. So once we know who we're talking to, how do we communicate? How do we hook them? But also, if we have a really good hook, can we use that for other Personas and other messaging angles? So you see, it can go up and down, right? And that's something that motion can identify for us. And that's something that some of the biggest brands have already been doing to get ahead of the curve. Now I'm going to jump into the system and show you a few examples of how we could do that. Just one thing before I do that. The backbone of all of this is our new AI tagging. And the reason I say that, and this blew my mind when I first heard it. But we're not making ads for humans anymore, right? We're making ads for AI I know. Bear with me. But, who's the first person that sees your ad when you put it into Meta? Andromeda AI Right. And then that AI is going to choose who it shows that ad to. So what we have the ability to do within motion every time a new ad goes live, we can apply labels to those creatives based on what is happening in the content itself. And that allows us to identify opportunities, identify trends, and identify what's working and what's not working. So let me show you what that looks like. I'm going to jump into motion. So if we start at, the top of the pyramid, let's say we want to look at all of the Personas we're targeting at the moment. We create a new report, comparative analysis, and into intended audience. This is going to show us all of the Personas that have been identified within our, content. So who is it that we're trying to target with these ads? And what we can then do is overlay different metrics here to get an insight into performance. So what we know as motion is that we want to communicate with creative strategists. They are our, primary target audience. They're exactly the right person for our system. But what's interesting about this report is when we look at this, the engagement metrics for some of the other Personas are really promising. So the question then in my mind becomes, okay, well, what could we do to target marketing professionals more? And this is what Andromeda wants us to be thinking, right? If we're trying to target a new Persona, the content they consume is different. So what do I need to do to get in front of them? And to give you an example of how we could do that, if we click into this, this is now going to show us all of the ads that are targeting that Persona. And we can deep dive this by creating a top performing report up at the top. And that is then going to allow us to see all of the ads targeting that Persona. And if you're following along at home and you've got motion open in another tab, jump into a top performing report and analyze this report, this button up here, because what this is going to allow us to see is rather than quantitative data, it's going to become qualitative and it's going to provide us a summary of everything that's working and not working within that report. Now, coming back to my example, if I'm trying to explore new Personas and broaden my creative diversity, how can I use the system to help me do that? So I've already identified that there's a new Persona that is starting to creep up that I want to target more. Now I know, okay, out of the ads we've got targeting them at the moment, this is what is successful, this is what is not successful. But what I can do here, is I can ask this for more Information. Now, in this specific example, I know I want to hit this Persona more, but I want to run new messaging ads. I'm not really sure the best way to communicate with the them yet. So by prompting the system for this data, what we now have is, okay, here are all the ads you've, all the messaging angles you've pushed along. Here are some of the messaging angles that you've dipped your toe in but haven't done too much of. And then down here, here are messaging angles that you've not tried. And here comes my favorite bit. What the system is then going to do, based on what we're doing at this moment in time, is tell us which of those angles it thinks would resonate the most. So here are the messaging angles that you've not tried too much for a brand new Persona. And this is the reason why I think you should be doing this. And that's really important, right? Because when Andromeda first came about, everyone was like, oh my God, I'm never going to do iterations anymore. And we were like, well, I don't know, that's a bit strong. Because what we find is that, you know, you can't just throw hundreds of new concepts at the wall with no real strategy behind it. When it comes to creative strategy. And that science does need to be there. And the system is going to highlight to us the reason why it's making these suggestions. And then to take it a step further and close the loop, what we can then do is use the system to generate new concepts for those new messaging angles for that new Persona. So what we now have is three brand new ad ideas targeting a Persona that we haven't targeted too much yet, using new messaging angles that we've not tried before. So in terms of Andromeda, we're visually diverse, we're targeting different people. All we need to think about now is, okay, how do I execute that? But all of these ideas have been, have come from data, right? All of this is based on the performance of the ad account, what's working and what's not working, and we can repeat this process for any of those different stages. So coming back to our AI tag report, we can use those to look at any stage of that pyramid I discussed at the beginning. So if we wanted to look at, our messaging angles, as another example, if we toggle into this and toggle over to messaging, we can now see how we're communicating with all of our target audience across the board. And coming back to the iteration point, it's funny, right? Because everyone's like, oh my God, I'm just going to run new concepts now. I'm not going to do any iterations. And what became relevant really quickly is that actually the best brands, once they find a combination that works, they're absolutely running with it. So if we know that my target Persona is Creative Strategist and we can then check in this report how I'm communicating with that, target audience by applying a filter here, what I now know is, okay, these are all the ways in which I'm communicating with that Persona. And this is where it becomes fun, right? So everyone was like, oh my God, I just need to run new concepts. Everything's got to be different all the time. But actually, if we know that eliminate guesswork is the primary messaging angle for that Persona, why can't we just run with that and make multiple different, visually diverse versions of that messaging angle to that person? And again, we can use the system to do that. Similar process to before. If we're looking at this report, I want to know all of the ads that are within this messaging angle. I can create a top performing report in here so I can deep dive them and I can get the system to analyze it for me. Now, you know, similar to before, this is still going to summarize what's working and what's not working within that combination. But critically important, we need new variations that are visually different, right? So we can then feed that back into the system. So I know this combination works, but I want new visual formats. So we know we have to be churning out higher volumes of creatives, right? That's what Meta has said. They've told us we need to churn out more volume. So I just noticed there's a good question around Personas. The Personas in the system, these are all, perceived based on the content itself. So we will automatically assign these Personas as ads go live. So what you'll see is the more ads you run, the more diverse this Persona list is going to become. But great question, just coming back to the messaging for a second. Then we know we need higher volumes, right? We know we need new concepts that we can test. And once we test it, we can learn what works, we can iterate, and we can continue rolling out those successful combinations so we can use the system to help us do that. We've again, now we've got brand new concepts that are leaning in to that combination of successful messaging angle with successful Persona. And each of these new concepts is a different visual format. So we can run this, we can test it, we can identify what works and what doesn't work, and then we can continue to lean into that. Right. So kind of similar to the old way in which we would iterate. But what we do need to consider is that each is iteration needs And then just to take it one step further, and this is great, we can turn them into a full creative brief. So many customers that I speak to spend so much time creating briefs. Being able to generate them directly in the system saves you that process. And here's a fun trick for you as well. If you have a brief template that you use, you can attach it as part of the prompt and then ask the system to populate that template. So then we have a brand new brief to play with, right, that we've not necessarily had to do much for. We can take that, put it into meta, get it in the pipeline, put it into meta, check, out what performs and what doesn't. Now one other thing that's worth flagging here is that a lot of kind of historic campaign and ad set structures have started to disappear. And what I mean by that is a lot of the customers I'm working with now are not running kind of rigid ad sets. They're much more fluid. And ad sets are built per, Persona or per concept. And once we have that system, we can put multiple different tests and multiple different variations into each ad set. And Andromeda will decide for us which of those resonate the most. And once we learn that information, we can use motion to help us identify what's working and what's not. And we can continue to iterate on that. So it's interesting the way things are changing. Just one last thing then, guys. Relevant to the kind of triangle that we've talked about, we've gone top down so far, right? So we've talked about Personas, we've talked about messaging angles, we haven't talked about hooks yet. And coming back to the point around what Evan mentioned, he shared this template with us and I don't think he'll mind me sharing this, but this kind of threw things on its head a little bit, right? Because it's kind of opposite to the way in which everyone has thought about ads previously. And what I mean by that, is when we think about our hooks, we need to be anchoring that directly to a Persona, right? So how can I make this type of person as engaged as possible, as quickly as possible and what that then leads to? Is multiple different potential concepts. And once we have those concepts, we can run multiple different variations of them, including different visual forms. So you can almost reverse engineer it as well. So if we're looking at our top performing hooks across the board, if we know relatability is really good for us at the moment, why can't we lean into that? And again, we can, right? We can create a report to show us all of those relatability style hooks, and we can use the system and reverse engineer it backwards. And we can do that through the use of the AI. So once we have our, AI analysis, we can then ask the system, okay, how can I run relatability style hooks for multiple different visual formats? And what we now have is the other way around. So we've got multiple different visuals that we could run for the same hook. Hook. And it sounds crazy, Right? I'm just going to jump back to the slides for a second, but I was talking with Fixer, a little while ago, and I don't think they'll mind me saying, this guy or Lucy, if you're on the call, shout out. Those guys are legends. They make fantastic ads. But we were talking about the processes they follow for generating new ideas because they have extremely high volumes of ads, right? And I'm like, guys, how do you keep on top of it in such a small team? And honestly, what guy described I can only share with you as like a Batman villain style wall, right? With post it notes everywhere. And each post it note will be a Persona or a hook or a messaging angle or something that they have found that is successful for them. And what they're then doing is they're pinning those combinations to new variants they think could work. The reason I wanted to share that, is that what we are trying to achieve is to lay everything down, hooks, visuals, messaging, Personas, and identify those combinations and lean into them to increase our success across our new ads. So I wanted to share it just so that everyone doesn't think I'm completely crazy. But just to jump back into the system, Once we have those new ideas, we then need to think about how we execute them. And visual formats are so important here because we know if we're not visually different, then our ads are not going to get in front of new audiences. So we can use this report to help us identify what's already working. And, you know, the big standout for me here is split screen ads, right? And I'm sure Carissa is more than aware of this and probably making Loads of split screen ads at the moment. But for whatever reason the engagement metrics are solid here. So whatever is happening in this style of ad is very successful. And once we know that information, the question then becomes, okay, cool, well could I use a relatability hook here, on a split screen style ad to try and lean into those trends. And again, it's being able to keep on top of all of those different combinations. High volumes of testing and then we iterate from that. So, you know, everything that we've talked about so far is very much high level and it's very much around the different variables and the different combinations that will work for you. The other thing that is always going to be important is knowing what is working within the individual ads themselves. And we know, that meta is saying we need 50 optimization events in order for our ad to get out of learning. And you know, if we, if we're running hundreds of ads, that's more difficult than it seems. But what we can still do is configure reports in motion similar to this that are looking at all of our new launches and we can overlay different metrics here to identify what we think is working even within those early stage ads. So even if they don't skyrocket and become our top performers, we can still take learnings from this. And you know, personally, when I look at numbers too long, it gives me a bit of a headache. So what I like to do is turn on color formatting in here, here and this is going to show us where we have above average and below average performance. And the real thing I'm looking for whenever I look at this is what kind of patterns are here. So you know, where do we have similarities? And you know, one thing that's interesting about this particular report is 4 out of 7 of these ads have successful hold rate and click through rates. And the question then becomes, okay, is that because the messaging angle is good, but the hook is maybe not quite tailored enough to who we need it to go to. But that's an interesting piece of information that we can further investigate, right? So we can click into these ads, we can use the AI to help us, we can ask the system to analyze the ad itself to generate its thoughts on what's working and what's not. But we can also use the performance data in here to help us generate ideas ourselves around placements, demographics and how they're interacting with our content. Because of course this is also really useful information. The other thing that's always important, and I've mentioned it a few times already is iterations, right? So when we're looking at our new ads, I want to know if I have standout performance in certain, creative areas. Because alongside knowing the trends in the account, this is a great way to keep on top of new emerging trends, right? So, you know, when we're looking at a report like this, we can start to see where do we have strong performance and where do we have weak performance. And what we can also do is we can use our new compare functionality to compare the performance with the previous period. So now if I do this, the system is going to show me the difference in the performance of the ads compared to where it was two weeks ago. And this is really cool because what this enables us to do is identify what's scaling. Shout out Tara, by the way, because this ad is awesome. So we can see that this ad is doing really well. It's growing, it's getting a lot of good budget, click through rate is increasing. But we can also see, we've got a couple indications here where things are starting to decline. And you know, the question then becomes, okay, is it declining because it's just not good enough, or is it declining because it's been up and it's fatiguing and coming down? And we need to be able to get ahead of that, right? So by using that comparison functionality, it enables us, us to see the changes in our data. And once we have this, this is really useful information. So if I said to Ed, look, I love this ad, Tara's ad is killing it at the moment. But the click through rate is just not quite where I want it to be. I can ping this straight over Ted. If I click into Slack, I can pick a channel that I know Ed's in and I can say, dude, we've got to fix the click through rate here. What can we do? And that will go straight through to Ed and he'll then be able to prioritize it. If we include the AI insights here, that's even better because it's going to provide a summary of what's going on. But if we continue running with that example, if we click into Tara's ad here, come into Creative Insights and ask the system to analyze it for us. We don't have to completely change the whole ad, right? Like, we know the engagement here is really good. It's scaling, it's doing really well. I'm just wondering if I overlaid a different cta, whether that might increase the performance and questions like that, that are much more bespoke that will also generate new ideas for us relevant to that. So to show you what I mean, if we come back to this analysis of Tara's ad, we can see where the ad is from a metric perspective and we can see by the ad thing or why the AI sorry thinks this ad is performing the way that it is. And as mentioned I didn't want to change the whole ad. I don't want to completely scrap it and run a new concept. All I want to do is try and improve the click through rate. So what can I do to just tweak perhaps the back end of the video to increase the CTA performance And the system will also generate those ideas for us. So we can keep an eye on the trends within the account. We can also keep an eye on individual ad performance to see what's going up and what's coming down to enable us to get ahead of that. I've got one final thing in the system to share. The other thing that we haven't talked about yet is we can also use the Inspo page to help us see what other brands are doing. This is so important, right? Knowing what your competition is doing, seeing what other brands are doing that make cool ads can help influence us to make more visually diverse content to get in front of new people. Because ultimately we need to be Andromeda friendly, right? And those larger brands like Fixer for example are very good at churning out high volumes of ad ads that are different. So we through the use of Inspo we can see all of the all brands that we followed. So we can search for brands in here, we can see all of the ads within their account. And to take it a step further, we can start to build collections of what we like from other brands and there are some really fun updates coming in this page. I'm not going to give it away too much but keep an eye on it because, because I'm really excited for that to come out. One thing that we can do from here is we can again we can utilize the system to help us make those new ideas for us. So if I'm looking at hu and I think you know, it's a completely different industry, they're not selling cowboy boots but I'm sure I could get some cool ideas from here. I can use the system to summarize for me what they're doing at the moment. And what I mean by that is the system is then going to summarize what they're doing from a testing perspective what it looks like they're testing at the moment, what looks to be working and also what looks to not be working. And then I love this bit. It's a little bit sneaky, but it's also going to tell us what we could steal from here. Now it's going to be difficult for me to steal meal stories considering I'm a cowboy boot brand. But quick and easy UGC reviews is a good idea. But what we can do, again, coming back to new concepts, is we can use the system to generate those new concepts for us based on other brands. And again, we now have brand new concept ideas that are completely different to what we've tried before based on a different brand's ad portfolio. So just to summarize, guys, and I appreciate I've gone through a lot of information today. The real critical parts of Motion that you need to be keeping an eye on are your trend reports through AI tagging. So, you know, knowing who our Personas are, knowing how we can branch out across different messaging angles, and then using hooks and visuals to build those new diverse stories and then keeping on top of what's working, not working within your own portfolio. So just to jump back to the slides for a second then. I appreciate you bearing with me, guys. Just a couple of things just to finish on. Last year in Q4, Costa, who is genius in our team, he released a really interesting report. There was two things in that report that really hit home for me. The first one is this stat, right? 80% of marketers think that AI is going to give them a competitive edge this year. But the other part that I think is really interesting is this quote from Brennan, right? Is that you can use generative AI to make crappy cowboy adverts like I've made and you know that will come out and you can use that. But if you don't provide the strategy and the process behind the ads that you need, those ads are never going to be successful. And the reason I found that so relevant Is that it relates perfectly to motion because all of our system is built off of the creative strategy knowledge that we have and also your own ad accounts performance. So all of the rigor and the thinking as Brennan mentioned, has already been input into the system. And I can't hit home enough how time saving that can be. Some of the customers I speak with, especially the new customers, when I'm showing them how they can do that, like, oh my God, I spent hours doing this. It's like, dude, I know. So just one last thing then. Guys, I have got a folder of reports. The support team might shoot me for saying this, but if you want a copy of the reports, drop your CSM a message, give support a message in your channel, and we'll duplicate them into your account for you. And, one final thing. If you want to buy some cowboy boots, give me a shout, because I'm going into cowboy boot business. Thanks, guys. Josh, my man. That was awesome. The y'. All. I first met Josh in Texas last year. I'm pretty sure it was his first time stateside ever. And for him to weave that back into his first event a year later. Yee haw. Indeed. So great. Thank you, Josh. That was excellent. Y' all hope you. Hope you took a lot away from that. One thing I wanted to call out that I love that Josh talks about. He calls motion the system all the time when he's jumping into the app. I don't know if that's a UK thing or if it's just the way your brain is tuned to the. This Josh, like, thinking about how do we connect all of these aspects of doing organic brand research, pulling that into our creative brainstorming sessions, pulling that into production, and all of that weaving into a system. But motion is more and more becoming that for a lot of people. And I think you did an excellent job showcasing all those different touch points of the process that lean into this. So thank you so much. You grabbed a glass of water. I hope that was a lot of talking, but I want to jump into Q and A, with you if you're ready for that. Let's go. Sweet. Okay. One thing I saw. I apologize. I forget who asked this in chat, but Josh would love for you to make the distinction again for everybody of where you're talking about making big creative changes for Andromeda kind of at that top line, and then how that feeds into the iteration side, because I think that might get a little confusing for people when we're talking about creative diversity, but we still talk about the importance of iterations. Yeah, it's a really good question. It's a really good call out. Let me jump into the system again for a second. So the beauty of motion, and one of my favorite things about motion now, especially, is how we can use the different data to influence different things. So to give you an example, if we come back to our visual formats, for us, at the moment, split screens are performing really well. Obviously, you know, the spend is probably lower here. It's not scaled quite as significantly. But that to me suggests that that could be a good thing to test more of. So what we can then do when we look at minor iterations or ads that are showing signs of potential but they're not perfect, is we can use that prior knowledge and of, okay, I know I want to do more split screen. What can I potentially iterate on? Or what can I take learnings from and iterate in that new format? And you know, split screen might not be the best example because it's quite a dramatic change. But if we were looking at a, creative like this one as an example where the impressions and hook rate aren't great, but the messaging is obviously good here because the hold rate and click through rate is high. So my mind then goes to, okay, would it be possible to iterate on this ad but lean into the trends within the account? So do it as a split screen or even a green screen, something that we know is working for us and generate that new iteration idea. And again, we can use the AI to help us actually come up with the concept. If we analyze it, we can tell the system we want it in a certain visual and that, will give us that new concept. Cool. So you're blending reports and blending creatives together. That way, rather than having like a, hey, this ad did well. Let's iterate on it and just brainstorming from there. Yeah, I mean, that's still important though. It's worth noting. That is still important. If you see an ad that is really good, how can we create new variations of it? Obviously it does need to be visually different, so we still need to lean into some of those trends. But, if we see something that's successful, we want to make new variations. Awesome. Love it. Okay, Josh, we're going to keep hammering through, folks. Lots of great questions. Thank you so much for the engagement on that. We're going to go by, ranking them. So if you jump over to Q and A and you upvote the questions you really want to see us get to, that would be super, super helpful. I'm going to pull one up here for you, Josh. You can stop sharing screen too. But talk about, talk about this approach here, the Kyle's approach here, and how you would critique this, maybe slight tweaks you would think about related to this. Yeah, good question. So let me just make sure I understand. When we test multiple messaging angles within a single visual format, identify the best performing message, and produce multiple creative variations featuring that With a message? Yeah, definitely. I mean, we need to know how we want to communicate with the Persona that we're targeting. So if we are testing, let's say, 10 different messaging angles to one Persona, the likelihood is not all 10 of them are going to succeed. And that's okay. That's fine. That's a learning for us. But if we have three of them that are good, two of them are okay, and five of them suck, great. Let's scrap the five that suck. We're not going to do that. The two that are okay, how do we need to tweak it? You know, is there anything that we could change within it, to increase the performance? And the three that work. How can I make new visually different ads for those three messaging angles that are successful? So, yeah, Carl, you're absolutely on the right track there with that. Okay, I got one. This will be a good one. Let's talk about how Andromeda. And again, Josh and I don't work for meta, so we have to take a bit of our best guess at this. But Josh, from what you've seen, can you talk about the Personas that your customers are seeing in motion or in meta versus how they show up in motion? It's a good question. And again, I would caveat this that I don't work for meta My understanding is that it's based on creative signals from the end user in meta. So what is that end user interacting with? Like, everything from impressions to watching content to scrolling away from, what are they interacting with? And then those interactions then become almost like a group. Of people that have those similar interests. And when we upload ads into meta now, they're grouping entities by id, meaning if you have ads that are the same, they're going to be grouped together as one entity id, and that will then be showed to the Persona they deemed as most relevant or receptive to that style of ad. It's a tough question, though. I wish I had a better answer for you. That's all good. Great one. Okay, bring this one up from Michelle. I thought this was really great. Static versus video. We have a lot more creative metrics and engagement metrics we can think about on video versus static. Yeah. What are your thoughts on that one, Josh? Yeah, it's a good question. And static analysis is always going to be more difficult than video analysis. For sure. We will still be able to identify trends. And the other thing that most promotion can help you do is when you look at a headline report via AI tags, what that actually means, it's a little bit confusing, but it's not actually the headline of the ad, it's the text within the ad itself. So for static analysis, that text variation, trend input, can be really useful to determine, okay, what sort of message resonates through the site. Because really, when we talk about images, what we really mean by that is just the messaging angle. Sometimes the design, the color can be important and we can use, you know, naming conventions to build those types of reports. Although hopefully the team's working on that, sneak peek. Fingers crossed. It's a little bit more difficult with static. But I would definitely recommend headline analysis, Persona analysis, messaging analysis, because you can also filter messaging analysis by image. So we can still see all the messages we're portraying for statics only. Okay, one about, and I think this is one you see a lot, Josh, is how do you, what do you suggest for creative strategists and paid social teams working better on this? You know, where do paid social team need to adjust in order to, like, make these audience conversations work a little bit better? What are your thoughts here? And I saw some when I was doing my homework, ready for this event, I was reading up about Andromeda and like, what people are talking about in the industry. And one thing that became more and more apparent is that, you know, Meta eventually wants to phase out some of those old media buying tricks in order to target people. And, what that means for paid media teams is that there needs to be a deeper understanding of why creative is so important now and the pillars of success behind those creatives. So if we're going to the paid team and saying, look, I'm going to run this ad, it's a bit obscure, but this is the reason why and this is the data behind it that validates that decision. So for me, when I'm training new paid media teams, the one thing that we talk about a lot, is why creative is so important. Important and why the data in motion, or, sorry, how the data in motion validates decisions for us. Okay, I'm just scanning through. We got a bunch of questions here. Also. Shout out Michelle, who was the last question? Okay, here's one. Gemma. I, I believe I'm pronouncing it correctly. Don't hate on me if I, if I got it wrong. So different brands have very different Personas. When you're thinking about inspo Josh, how are you thinking about going in and analyzing Inspo to match a Persona base? I. I'm going to answer this question at the risk of potentially being told off by the product team, but we're working on some really interesting developments within our own Inspo page that would allow for filtering and searching of different. So, you know, rather than just searching for brands, we could say, okay, show me any ads that target cowboys. And obviously it would then return that. And we can also do that for visual formats. Kira, please don't shout at me for saying that. The other way in which I would do that, the more sort of historic way when I work with new customers who aren't sure about their Personas and brands. ChatGPT will do a great job of providing you a list of businesses that target a similar. A target audience to you. Once we have that target audience, we can come into Inspo, follow all those different brands, and then we can see all of the ads that are running to get in front of a similar audience to us. Why don't you pull that one up, Josh, really quick? You could screen share that and we could. And we could talk through. We could talk through running some of the AI tasks in there too, because if people haven't seen those, I think that would be really helpful. Yeah, absolutely. I don't know how I still screen though, at once. Let me share while she. Yeah, give me one sec. Okay, go for it. I felt like such an old man. They're scrolling to find the Stop Share button. If we're in the system and we have a list of new brands that target a similar audience to ourselves, we can then come into here, search for that brand, find that, that brand, and we can then see all of the ads that that brand has in their ads library. And this is going to include active and inactive ads. And it's also going to give us the ability to filter this page on a couple of different variables. So for me, a little trick that I like to do is use this day's active filter, to say, show me ads that have been out for more than three months. Because obviously anyone in this industry knows you're not going to have an ad out for that long unless it's relatively successful. So what we now know is that these ads are some of their long standing, likely successful ads. Obviously, you know, in the ads library, we don't have access to their performance data, but you're not going to have an adult for that period of time unless it's good. And what we can then do to help us generate new ideas is at the top here. The system is going to suggest a couple of different tasks. Tasks. So if we were to look at gaps and opportunities based on this brand, that is going to pull out a summary of what they're doing, what they're not doing, and how we could position ourselves to be in competition with them. Or testing is similar to the output I showed earlier, which is going to show us exactly what they're doing, what looks to be tested and what looks to not be tested, and what's working and what's up. So getting that list of Personas getting into motion and then using the AI to help us generate new ideas based on what they're already doing. Thank you for walking through that, Josh. Okay, we got one more here. This is a good one from Samuel. So I think you mentioned this at one point in the Persona section. You have some customers that are running ad groups based on Personas now. Can you talk about that a little bit more? So it's a really interesting one. And some of the bigger customers have already been doing it, But I'm also noticing now that new customers coming through are also doing it, which is an interesting sign that people are moving into this Andromeda model. And what I mean by that, one of the customers I spoke with probably last week, maybe the week before, they've configured their account. So you've got an evergreen campaign, a testing campaign. Within both of those, you've got multiple ad sets that are targeting multiple Personas. So, for example, if you've got nine Personas, you've got nine different ad sets, and you can then use those ad sets to be really fluid. I know I want to target this Persona. I'm going to chuck in loads of different ads that I think are going to work for this person. When I identify what does it moves into the other campaign, same ad set, and then you repeat the process. It's a lot more. More fluid than the traditional kind of testing. Top of the funnel, middle of the funnel, bottom of the funnel. I'm not saying funnel analysis isn't important. It definitely is. But I think being a little bit more fluid and less rigid around how we can figure that can only be a good thing in light of the fact we don't have quite as many targeting powers anymore. Okay, let me see what else that we haven't. Oh, this is a good one. So we get to talk about another meta thing that we don't 100% know how it works. From Denise Dennis. You mentioned that within Andromeda we should be designing creative for AI. Josh. That kind of the big headline here of AI and Meta is going to see our ads first. But how do, how do you see that fitting in with the gem updates those came out November? People have probably heard this as a bit of a buzzword as well. And talking about what you've seen, the conversations you've had with customers, specifically to Jen. It's interesting. And I, I have to be completely honest, I haven't specifically dived into the sort of algorithm itself within Meta. But my understanding here is that a meta itself, it wants to have more. More control over our creatives. So creative formats that are diversified is essentially what it wants. And what it's asking for from a lot of customers is more control around Flexi ads as well. So when you put an ad in, let meta run 100 iterations of that ad in different formats. Do I know if that's a good thing or not? I'm not sure. And have we seen success from that yet? Again, I'm not 100% sure, but it is really important that we have an understanding of how that AI perceives the content, because that is ultimately the first thing that's going to see our ad. And we can't change once that AI has made that decision. We can't change that without changing the ad itself. So, you know, having an understanding of what it thinks and then being able to decide, okay, I want to move away from that or I want to. To move into that is really important. Yeah, I don't know if I've fully answered the question or not. But that's my thoughts on it. Yeah, I'm gonna pull. I'm gonna throw it to our audience too. If anybody has like a great write up on Gems specifically and like, what they've learned about it or seen something out there, please drop that in chat. I think all of us would really benefit from reading something like that. Okay, I want to jump into one that gets a little bit more specific. I'll give you a chance to breathe here, Josh, and I'll speak to this one. So Megan asked about how does motion mimic the tags that Andromeda applies and how does it create its own? So, of course, we don't have insight to the exact language that Meta would be using or Andromeda would be using for all of these, but our team, a lot of industry creative strategists, that have, that have come in house to motion over the last year, did hundreds of different tests, thousands of different tests with different customers, and worked through a massive framework of the big visual identifiers, the creative elements that we see a lot showing up and tried to use the most industry friendly language and most consistent things we can see there, plus training the models to identify new ones and use a similar formatting and similar language language to how that's all, mapped out. So as we put it, very much trying to mimic those tags that Andromeda creates and applies, but giving you a very easy way to digest that, knowing that you might not be able to get that information otherwise. Josh, what would you add to that or thoughts on how our AI tagging works? And meta being typically meta, they're not going to share their secret formula, right? They're not going to share their secret Krabby Patty. But what we do know is that it's the, it's the closest proxy we're going to get at the moment, right? Because we know meta is looking at visuals, we know they're looking at Personas, we know they're looking at hercs. So we can proxy that, using our own creative strategy knowledge to say, okay, what would those different variables look like? Okay, I think we're going to run up on time here pretty shortly, but see if we can knock out a few more of these. Josh, this is a good one from Michelle. Talk about, and maybe a bit more broadly than this, how would you combine Josh teams that are using pretty robust naming conventions with AI tags? I know we've talked about this in the past of using your AI tagging as a bit of a gut check to see is our AI tagging matching up with what your team visualizes or identifies in your naming convention. Because maybe you think you're speaking to an intended audience and you put that in your naming convention, but Motion's reading that as a different audience. Yeah, I think that's a really good point because one of my favorite things around naming and AI tags is either validation or opportunity. Because if we have named it that we want to target wannabe cowboys and then we see an AI tags there, it's similar. We know we're doing the right thing. But, you know, nine times out of ten there's probably going to be some nuances, there's probably going to be some differences. And one of the conversations that we have a lot because you know, AI tags are so great, is how important is naming convention? And you know, in my opinion, I would say naming is always important. Having an understanding of the ad is critical. Totally. But what we really need is some of that more unique data that we don't currently, currently have. So like influencers, concepts, products, things that, you know, AI tags isn't picking up because we can then filter our AI tag reports by those variables. So not only could we say show me the messaging angles I'm running for this Persona, we could say show me the messaging angle I'm running for this influencer, and this product through the use of naming So they work hand in hand in my opinion. Opinion. Melissa. Do we, we still have time for a couple more, I think. Let's see what is the next one? Okay, Sarah, great. Cue any plans to implement this on tick tock YouTube. Product team, if you're here, read Sarah's question. We need to get on this. I agree. Sarah, thank you for calling it out. We, we know TikTok and YouTube need a bit of love and we're excited to, we're excited to hold, hopefully have something to share with you soon. But I'm going to put the pressure on for you on this one. Josh, what would you add there? Just keep shouting about it, Sarah. Yeah, totally shouting about it. It gives us more ammunition to go to the product team. We know we need to focus on those areas. We're just trying to get that planned into roadmap at the moment. Absolutely. Okay, this one came up. I don't know if you've seen this much, Josh, yourself. Something that's showing up when somebody's seeing none related to it. William. Might be a few reasons. Depending on how old the creative is, it might not have gotten a tag applied to it because we did have when we first rolled it out. It was only in the last 90 days with spend. So that could be something. Josh, I don't know if you've seen it for new creative popping up and how that would work out for a customer. So this actually happens. It happens quite a lot. And I caught up with Alicia who, who helped the team design AI tags and she talked me through this. If, if it's been labeled as none, that means that that creative doesn't have a distinct Persona that it's targeting. So to give you a good example of that, where I see this most commonly Are in catalog style ads or like very retail focused brands where they're just portraying like a video of a jumper like that. Doesn't necessarily have a clear Persona. So those ads will be labeled as none because there isn't a Persona that's clearly able to be perceived. And whenever I talk about that, I always say that's a really interesting thing to know because in light of the new meta update, really we need to be able to answer that question. So if we do have ads, though, coming out as none, what can we change to make sure they are targeting someone? Okay, I think we're going to call it there just because we're running up on time and I want to be respectful of everybody's calendar folks. I did see a few other questions we weren't able to get to. If you have more questions, please reach out to us. You can hit supportotionapp.com you can reach out to us in chat. If you've got Slack with us, fire questions to us there. Really appreciate all the engagement. 350 of you are still hanging out with us, and I really appreciate that. We're stoked. I know this is early morning for some folks on our west coast, so thank you so much for joining us. If it's late where you are, thank you for joining us. If it's the middle of your day, I hope we gave you some juice going through the rest of your day and got you excited about some things. Just wanted to call out again. Josh said it. The team's probably going to get on us about this, but if you are looking to add the reports that Josh highlighted in today's session and you want to get those added, reach out to us in chat, hit us up over email, hit us up in Slack. We'll get those for you. Might not be able to do it instantly, but we'll see how big the list is. Thank you so much. And Josh, I just want to give you final word to sign off as you close out your motion event debut. Thank you so much, guys. Thank you for listening. It's been super fun, like Ed said. Give us a shout if you want the reports. Give us a shout if you have any questions. Super happy to help, but, yeah, it's been great.

  Top Comments:
  1. @WorkModedtc: INTERESTING
  2. @zubairmansoori2200: INTERESTING
  3. @claudiaariasgonzalez6941: INTERESTING

- Facebook Ads Crash Course 2026 (Andromeda Style) |  | Complete Meta Ads Updated Tutorial: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to Meta AIDS Updated Crash Course 2026 End Draw Meta Style End Me You know very well that this course How much weight did it have? In this crash course, I will I am going to cover a single update. Every single update from the last two years to now As many updates as there have been in Meta, I I will cover every single in a very Simple and easiest way. This way you I will tell you that you will understand it very easily. Will go. And One More Thing This Course After completing I can 100% ashor you that you absolutely need to look for any other course There is no need either. Whether it is a tree or You are free. Ok? This is enough. And in this You will understand everything. this course There is a beginner to pro level. Ok? In this every I will talk about one thing. Not Just Updates Every single thing from scratch. Ok? And in this course I cover two types of people. I am going to dedicate it. A category that That he is a complete beginner. Like you jisko meta I don't know anything about AIDS. Facebook Ad's Don't you know what happens? run How are you? Why should we run the end? Meaning There is nothing about meta AIDS. If he is this Watch the course properly till the end I can be sure that he will AIDS Proper can run. anyone's You can run brand ads without Any errors. Second, those people who are absolutely He is an expert. who are running different agencies Are. Proper has been in this field for a long time. It is inside. Doing digital marketing. Those people also learn a lot from this course. Are going to do it. Because there is a lot more To learn. I learned it completely fresh. Is. And I have almost four plus years of Experience in this field and I met I am an AIDS expert. So this course na gold Mine is to all of you. So let's start Are. But let me introduce myself. My My name is Jamshed and I met and Googled AIDS Expert from Chalkot and myself Also running a digital marketing agency Am. By the name Scale Up IT where I Serving people for three plus years Am. Different clients and their own I am also running ads for brands. So I hope You must have understood who I am. So now You should look at the Kams course because you are Learning from an expert. Ok? which this He has been working in the field for a long time. So Let's start. And this course is 100% Free to All of You. so please Please subscribe to us. This course is 100% It's free. I will not charge you anything for this. I am not taking it. And this course please Share it with all your friends or whoever Also the person that Matt is trying to bring AIDS. Wants to learn. and want to be Expert? Do Share This Crash Course. So Let's finally get started. And this The course will be completely practical so that You should understand it properly. Ok? and one Important note perhaps which I will update you Let me tell you, it is also possible that your ad It has not yet come to your account. maybe some Come after the time. So you absolutely Don't panic that my ad account Why is the end coming to your ad account? Why are you not coming? Ok? So these things are meta It is from the side of. Maybe come after some time Go. So let's start right away From the beginning, from zero. And if you get all this I know something, still watch it from the start once. Take it so that your basics are clear. And you No problem faced in the long term Have to do it. So let's talk about what is Facebook Ads or Meta Ads? Meta One Basically it is the parent company under which Three or four different platforms are coming. Facebook, Instagram, etc. come under Meta. WhatsApp, Audience Network, Messenger and Threads. All these platforms are not meta He is managing alone. So whenever you meta But do you run ads or do you call them meta ads? So what would that mean? Your campaign, Your ads that you run by paying Meta Yes, she appears on all these platforms. Are. Ok? Will also be available on Instagram Also appears on Threads, on the Audience Network She will also come, she also comes on messenger. And now on WhatsApp which is an update that I I will cover it in detail in some time. This one This is a normal post. Ok? Regular Simple Post and this is an ad with sponsor below it You can see it. So whenever you add an ad You see, I mean, whenever you see a post Below which sponsor is written. His What it means is that it is an ad. He is one Not an organic post. It's ad. Ok? Now let's do the anatomy of an ad. means to him Do a breakdown. what's inside it He comes and sees everything. Ok? So Because this is too much for you to know. It is important. So first of all open an ad Let's check it. So this is an ad. You can check this. At the top you The brand name will be visible. His Facebook Name of the page, name of their brand. Ok? I mean, whatever brand is running the ad, right? First of all you will see its name and logo. It comes. Below that you will see Primary text. Ok? This we It is written as primary, isn't it? Speaks text. You can see below it The full picture will come. Ok? Now here you are You can also use videos, you can also use carousels. You can do it. You mean simple post here You can use the image. Lots of options Are. Ok? Meaning your media should come here. goes. We call this an ad Creatives. And once again if you like this If you don't understand the fancy terms, right? Please watch the course till the end. Because by the end you know everything You will understand it very clearly. Ok? Below that, you'll see something dark and bold here. The text will be visible. This bold text We call it headline. and its opposite You will see a button which we It is called CTA call to action. Ok? And in very small words you will get something It will be visible below. that is Description. Ok? So this would have been a complete ad Is. Pause it and take a screenshot. So that you understand that in an ad What all happens. Ok? because this Words I'll Use Again and Again Later I will do it. You won't have any problem at that time. That's why I told you about it first. Gave. Now let's talk about how algorithms work. work. I mean, this whole system is How does this model work? End Matt Why do people carry AIDS? talk about it Let's take it. Selling anything online Is. Code is to be sold, any product is to be sold you have to do service sales, you have to Like anything it could be anything. Any You have to deliver the message of your shop Awareness has to be created. Anything can happen. Correct Is? Anything. You want to sell it online Or to sell. Anything. Ok? Now his What will happen to it? You run AIDS. you that Add your website link inside the ad Do you give it or attach your WhatsApp number? Or you can attach a form. Anything. Ok? People go there now. Click on it and the end action happens Let's perform it. From the late you Attached the website link. Now people Will click on your ad. on the website Will go. I will buy it from the website. thats It. If you are selling service here then You would have taken the service by going to the website there. Are. Ok? So the whole algorithm looks like this: It works. Very simple. Now Let's Talk About why Facebook and steel. Number One Platform in 2026 means in today's time If I talk about Google, YouTube ads, TikTok AIDS, Snapchat AIDS, Lindin AIDS and Meta AIDS. So the one at the top It comes to everyone, which is the main priority. That is meta AIDS. Not much for this It is interesting. It is very important for you to know Is. So listen to this carefully. Meta AIDS Why is it at the top? I mean, if I talk If I do it, then some person, some marketer, right? Who wants to take their business online His first priority is meta of AIDS. Google Ads, TikTok ID All these things are for later. Meaning, first he Meta ads have to be run by default. The reason for this is that it is a meta only platform. Which has the largest audience. 4.2 Billion active users. When I'm this one You were making the crash pass, right, the last one? You can see. Neither its audience at that time It was half. You can say almost 3 something Billion users. But Right Now It Is 4.2 Active users in billions. Ok? Meaning After some time the audience has increased. Now you You can see for yourself. means the more The audience is on this platform or on any other platform. And not on the platform. Second Major Reason why this is the number one platform Is. And that's Marc Zacca for sure. Andromeda update. Android updates coming After this you can say that You don't want to show your ad for long, but Meta-target your ad to the right audience Shows. Meaning in simple words you You can tell people are scrolling through Meta. would have been. And your ad appears. Hit your ad at the right time to the right people Shows. Meaning you don't have to do anything. Just Meta has to pay a small amount To buy media. And that's it. Meta does all the rest. Meaning of Meta which is AI system, AI algorithm, so It is strong that your ad is right for the people. Only this is visible. AI for other platforms as well There are systems but not as strong as meta. Not there. Ok? So this is one reason for this To choose. Third Reason and That Is That By spending a very small amount on Meta, you can You can show your ad for a long time. You Can you imagine just $1, just $1 spent? By doing this you can run ads on Meta and get people You can show it to me. which is absolutely nothing. If you give this one $1 to Google If you give it then your ad cannot run. If you spend the same amount on TikTok Your ad will not run or if it does, it will The result will not come. Ok? So on Meta, no If a normal one is made with a very low budget Even an average small business can sell its ads But can do it live. Ok? And that is Incredible. And if I calculate its cost If I talk about it, it is very little. if you If you are an expert, it costs very little. Is. I myself added countless clients. Run on a very low budget just over 506 I gave them more than Rs 34 lakh per month. I have brought sales of Rs. such a good resort It has been maintained. And this is completely Possible if you are an expert. You have AIDS If you know how to drive, then it is absolutely possible. Over to Meta. So much on other platforms Not as good as it is on meta. and like Wise There Are Countless Reasons Meta Ads Rather than other platforms to play on. I can't discuss everything because There are many valuable things in this course and She is going to tell. So let's talk to him. Just know that this is the best Platform. Ok? Now Let's Talk About Hu Can Run Meta AIDS. Meaning, which ones Businesses can run their ads on Meta. So let's talk about that. something on meta There are restrictions. Very little. like like That you are selling drugs etc. You something Are you selling something medical related? So that In case MAT bans your ads or Partially restricts it. Correct Is? In that case your ads may not be visible. Are. Your ad account may also be restricted. Can. But there are a lot of categories On which you can run ads. Let's say you Doing e-commerce. You do dropshipping had been. You want to sell something online. Your agency wants you to run their ads yes. You want to sell service. You Be a politician. Meaning you added politics Have to run it. You have to sell a house. You want to run a real estate ad. You I want to run an ad in health care with some Conditions. You have created a different market place I have to run an ad. Ok? Or did you have digital Whether to sell products or local businesses, Lead Generation and a Lot More Things Mean There are many niches or categories that You can make your ads live on Meta. Ok? And do you know meta but na aapko option gita that you can achieve each type of objective target You can do it. When you need sales from Lets It is not necessary that you do awareness. You Messaging Key Add No You Directly Go For Sales campaign. If you want a message That is possible on WhatsApp. Leads to you It is possible to bring it. You have your It is also possible to increase sales on the website. Is. If you want to increase your followers That Is Also Possible on Facebook. If You have created a new app and you have If you want to increase installations, you can do that too on Meta But you can do it by running ads. And if you have any Blogging is a website, a blog post, Traffic has to be brought on it. that is also Possible. Meaning not so many objectives Meta offers you what the rest The platforms are not doing it. And this is Wonderful Reasons Why You Should Choose Meta This should be done in 2026 also. Ok? So now you You must have understood that meta aids are What is? Who should run and How do you run? Ok? To you The basic idea is complete. Now its Let's go into depth. And I will show Everything practical about how you Create your own Facebook page. in what ways From here you can design your own business suit. what to do, setup, how to do your AIDS has to be run. Ok? Butt going at it First, a very important question It would have occurred to all of you that if we had posted our What do you need to run AIDS? What are the requirements? talk to him Let's take it. And please take a notebook or Then if you are typing on a laptop Type it in notepad. Ok? so that you Don't forget it later. Ok? So first thing Let's do that if you want to run meta ads So what do you need? what are the requirements Is? So you need a Facebook page. Need an Instagram profile, Business Profile. Ok? I don't want personal Need a business profile. Gift you need one WhatsApp Number Business WhatsApp Number Simple No Business WhatsApp OK then you need It is best if the website is optional. Even if it is not there, there will not be much problem. wala ok so all this happened to you Need a Meta Business Suite ad account later we're going to do so the big three I told you what the requirements are. And yes, I need a business email that The one with @gmailcom will also work best, so much No problem, it's fine if you have it Everything is there, right? You are welcome. You can see the course completely and me Please follow it step by step. Whatever steps I am doing, you should do the same. Have to follow. So that you have no one There was no problem in this entire process. It is very simple. It's very simple. Some? He will have technical terms or words Please tackle it carefully. It's Very simple again. Ok? It is very easy. And if you don't have a technical background No, still you can do it easily. Because if I had done all this in my 20s I can do it. If I can run an agency then you So you can definitely do it. So let's go Let's do the practical. to your laptops Open it and let's start it. Ok? First of all you have to come to Google. You have to type Facebook and it will open. goes. Ok? And if you don't have a laptop If you have it then it is not that you do not add You can drive it. You can still run AIDS. Correct Is? You can do it from mobile. But better this Do it from a laptop because the interface is bigger It happens. May all your work go well Will go. And you will understand it well. Ok? Now this is the name you see. Khuzaim Ahmed here. This is basically the ID. There is a profile. This Is Not Page. Ok? And You need a page to run the ad. ID Don't want it. Ok? ID would be required Yes, but a page has to be created on it. Correct Is? We cannot work with an empty ID. Are. And you all would have ID. It will obviously happen. So even if it is not No, make it. But if you already have If it's old, work on it. Much is the best. Ok? So my ID Is. What do you have to do now? Simply See More Click on it. And scroll here a little bit While doing this you see the option of pages. Ok? Now click on this here. Is. Now the pages I already have here Yes, you can see him here, right? Correct Is? Ok? Here bulk SMS and this dot These are already pages. You are seeing this Are. Now I have to create a new page. Ok? So how will they make it? Simple Click On You have to click on the Create page. Ok? Now they are asking you whether you Do you want to create a public page or do you want to create your own Existing profile needs to be upgraded. So you have to click on the public page. Correct? And then click on Next. Now You have to click on Get Started. Ok. So, this dashboard is open. Now No, with just one or two steps you can do the whole thing. You can design the entire page. This is very Simple. First of all I am asking you about the page Name. Ok? What will be the name? now over here No, you should not add your name. Here But you have to add your business name. Meaning, your brand name from Let's, You have to add your logo. Correct? So here I am creating a dummy account. I am making it. Just to show you. So let's Mera is a brand of Smyas Collection. I I am adding him. Correct? So I Add your brand name here Is. Ok? So I added it. End Whatever you do, you will be shown on the side It happens. Just say okay. So now below you I have asked you about the category of your page which is business. Which category does he fall into? and this Is variant. This explains the meta. Meaning Tells Facebook about your business Neither is falling in this category. Shopping It is about retail. You have a clothing brand. There is a shoe brand, there is a perfume brand. You You select everything here. from lats I have a clothing brand. So here I am I will choose my clothes. Correct? End You can add up to three keywords here. yes. You can add up to three tags. So here I am I am going to add three categories on it. I Searched for clothing. Clothing here Showing a lot of options. Clothing Brand, Clothing Store, Company, Clothing, Women Clothing, Apparels and Clothing and A lot more. Ok? So what you have very If it is relevant then choose it. Three. Correct Is? Not one, at least you put three. Ok? So I chose all three here. Apparel And got dressed. Clothing brand tax I have taken it and stored it. Ok? Now Ask you bio and this is variant. These It tells you that your brand, your This page is related to whom. say this Are you identifying your brand? it occurs. So you must add this. And you are not a philosopher. Obviously you If not, you will have to use ChargePT. Is. So let me show you how to use it. Simply you have to come to ChargingPT. End I am using the free version. tree Not there. So you have to add a prompt here. Is. Tell me whatever your business is. Let's This is my clothing brand. So I I will type this in voice. Correct? I I am going to voice this. I'm running a Clothing Store By The Name Sumayas Collection S U Double M I A Collection. Ok? I am Making a Facebook page. So I need Description for my page. Ok? so please Give me. So I have entered it. Now it will start generating. Correct Is? Whatever your page is, it has a category Tell. And you have a very good description. Gives. And this description is very long. Is. You don't have to make such a big ad. Maximum three lines. Ok? two to three You have given a very short description of the lines. Have to make it. So now I'm going to do it again I will give you props. I only need two to three Lines of description. Keep it concise. Ok? So it conceded that. Ok? Now you can see I copied it from here. Done, copy the first one and paste it here. Is done. So very well written here. It has happened. Like, now you see this. Any There is a spelling mistake, I need to change something. You can do that yourself. Ok? So this Is How You Make Your Bio. Ok? Done Already happened. You have to simply click on Create Top of the page. Ok. Now we have to add some separate Details. such as website link, business Number, email address and a lot more. Ok? You will add location etc. Adding Completion Not there. Ok? Now I am showing you below There is a business number. You do not have to add any number here. Is. Here you will add your business WhatsApp And that WhatsApp which is for your business Is. You have added your personal WhatsApp number Don't do it. Correct? Only Business WhatsApp. So I will add it here. No random additions by grabbing any email Is. Email is what you have to add. Have to use it for long term. Because this email You will receive all the emails above. Like yours Business Details Your Ad is Active Is. There has been a problem with your billing. You like anything. Ok? Matter to you will be placed at the top of this email. Correct? Will mail. So your email is absolutely correct and correct. Have to put it. Showing you the location below. Add your location. Ok? CD tone end You have to add the zip code. and make Make sure everything is absolutely correct. You You can also edit it later. But Still you will try and you will be correct. His Below is a question for you about business working. Orders. So here you have to choose Always open. This remains better. Ok? Always Open I made my choice. And now click on Next. Now our page is ready. Now This has to be customized. Ok? and his What will you do for it? Adding from here Add your profile picture and cover Add the photo. And if your brand new Isn't it a brand here, so how can it be See what you want to make. I will tell you Step by step. So look, you're asking here. Here is the profile picture. So here you You don't have to add your picture. You logo You want to add your brand. Correct? logo Also see where it will come from. You Googled But I have to come. And here you have to write Logo Maker. Correct? And this is the first website You have to open it. And One More Say I don't know much about this whole crash course. I will tell you the website. lots of different I will tell you the tools. And not a single one is sponsored Is. Ok? The links in the description You don't want to join from there. Don't do it 100%. Do it from somewhere else. Correct Is? No one can give me such payment or affiliation. I don't have any big brand. Make something like this by taking it from your affiliate Not there. Ok? So this is the platform No, you have to choose this. Make it from here If you want to get the logo done from someone else, get it done from there. Make it from a can. It's All Up To Your Choice. I'm just telling you about myself now. Method. Correct? You can follow anything You can. So here I am showing you Logo design. You added your brand name Have to pay it. And This Website Is Completely Free. Ok? So, you will add its name and Click on Create Logo. Now here it has given a lot of logos Are. Ok? Look at how many people there are They don't look good. means very much Looks boring and unprofessional. So now What will you do? You can choose your style from here. Take which one you want. Ok? Corporate Must-Have, Vintage, Classic, What do you want abstract for? So here I I have chosen classic. Below you can see the color You can choose your basic theme. What is the color of? Whose entire brand You want to bring in color tone. I I have chosen purple. So purple has enough Nice logos showing here. And I Because this is my clothing brand So I choose this one. Correct? Ok. So it showed me logos in different colors. Have given it. And this is my brand. It is matching very well with. And here you are See tips for building a brand Make sure that your logo is that Should be relevant to your brand. Clothing Address One should walk carefully. working with shoes If you are living there, you should know about the shoes of the people. with. Ok? So I took this logo. Ok? It's simple, you take a screenshot or You can also download it. ok guys so my It's done. Now here you have one I want a cover picture of Facebook. Ok? How will you make it? With Cwa. You Cwa Have to open it. Or search Facebook covers Take. Correct? And then you have no one here You can also choose the cover which you want here. Have to click on plus. And I like this It feels quite good. Ok? Because Match your shopping with your clothing Used to be. Ok? You can catch any one. on that Add your brand name. Viewing Colors It is that it matches with your logo. So I edited it and added it, Sumayas Collection. Ok. So it's done. As soon as it is done you Click on share and download Do it. Correct? We also have a Facebook cover It has arrived and the logo has also arrived. Ok? Now simply plot it there. Ok? So, simply click on add profile Picture. From here I took my photo from the gallery I have chosen the picture. And this ad has been added Is. Same goes with ad cover photo. Click on this Do it and choose it from your gallery. Correct? Now just see that. Ok? both come Have already done. And it looks so fashionable. Correct Is? Now you have to click on the Add Action button Above. Ok? This is very important It happens. And if you are not running ads Separately. Apart from this, if your simple This button shows even on organic posts. It happens. Ok? So you must add this. You can attach WhatsApp in this. You You can attach the website. You attach the email Like anything you can attach there. Correct? So click on add action button. At Pride Have to click. And here you will get the option Are showing. Book now. singn up, Start and ordered, get tickets. Very All options are there. Call now option is also available Is. So you choose according to your brand. Do it. If you have a website from Lets, If there is a store then you should choose Learn Peacock. Where people click and don't give will go To your website. Ok? If any of your If you have a business that requires leads, you You can also attach your website here. And WhatsApp also attached. like anything you Can do. So I chose here. Website. So I clicked send. Above WhatsApp messages. Your number here You have to choose and send the code. Have to click. Ok? on your number No code comes on WhatsApp. you gave him Have to attach it. Enter here and your The number will be verified. Ok? he here It will also be attached to the pay. So here I am Added the code. and click on save It's done. Ok? skipping for now I am going to end this up. Ok. So I this I am cancelling it. for now later We will do this. You will click on done. Here we are showing Invite Friends which Now you skip and go to next. Now Look here, they're asking me that. Stay Informed About Your Page. You have these Both have to be kept on. Ok? Here its What it means is that whatever email you have sent I have added it, whatever you mean by business Changes are coming, you will receive promotional Emails will come, marketing emails will come, Where will she come? Ok? So you have this You have to turn it on so that it comes to your email. Ok? I turned both on and clicked Done. Did it. So, our first and biggest The step is done. That Is Facebook Page Making it in a professional method. Ok? Ye Dun are done. Now you can see my entire The page is ready. And this is looking Ultra Professional. Ok? On this you Details are coming into view. You can also use the website to The link will appear and your WhatsApp number will appear. And everything is showcased to you here. After creating the page, we move to the next one. On the steppe. And that is meta business suit. Ok? Now here you have a little bit of this Like professional thing we're going to do. So Make sure you do it very carefully step by step Step up. And if your new brand and Marketing the new brand on Meta If yes then please tell me step by step. Follow me. Why do I keep telling you I am telling you to follow step by step. Because if you make even a small mistake in this If you have done this then your ad account There may be restrictions. your portfolio There may be problems. so that's Why? Ok? What do you have to do now? Click Clicking on Meta Business Suite Is. As soon as you click on this, your The Metabusiness suite opens. And this There are two methods to open it. One is that You can click here and go. seconds The option is to open a new tab. Plus Pay Click and type business. Facebook.com okay? spelling mistake I will not do it. business OK facebook.com is done. You have to enter it. And same from here also The Meta Business Suite opens. Ok. Well, this is my open meta business. Suit. Ok? Showing its name here Yes and you will get all the details below. Now what is this dashboard? how to do it To operate? This is very simple. I Let me tell you. Okay, let's talk first What is Meta Business Suite? What is it Is there anything? Like you might have seen a suitcase. Right? What is there in it? We sell all the items Let's put it together. By late I mean I have to go somewhere, I have to travel. So I put my suitcase in my like clothes Shoes and different like as much as I Accessories are everything I add to it I will give. Correct? I will shut it down. Meaning A suitcase I can add everything to. I have been. Just like that here here on Matta It's a suit, right? What will be in it? In this your Facebook, your Instagram, your The messages are coming, your comments, your Have to post it somewhere. You can get everything from here You are going to do it. Even your business, WhatsApp Number, your add account. I mean you say this You can say this is a suitcase of meta in which Meta is adding everything. Ok? So this It is basically a platform where you Doing everything on all platforms at once You are the one. I hope you understand my point. Correct? So let's work on this now. Is? First of all you have to come here and do business. Portfolio has to be created. Ok? What will you do for him? You simply wrote on this Have to click. So here I show you Business portfolios. I don't have it here There are already some business portfolios which That is not in use. So I need to create a new one. Have to do it. For that you have to click Over to Create Business Portfolio. Now you will have to enter your details. Correct? First you need to add Business Portfolio Name and Joe Yours You have the name of your business, add it here. Have to do it. Ok? Smyas Collection from Lets That's the name of my business, so I'm here. I will add it. Well, this is not such a hard end There is no fast roll. You can add anything yes. But if you advertise your business then It will be better. Correct? So I added it Did it. Below it is asking for your first name. and last name. Now here is your own I have to add the name. Correct? I am my name I will add it. My lover Jamshed. Ok? So I Added first name and last name. Below You have to add a business email. And here Only business email has to be added. Correct? Any And you don't have to add email. And this email It is very important. The email you sent I had created a Facebook page, I have to add it. As soon as you add it, click on the create button and Your business portfolio is ready. I am not able to make it because I already have Make my business portfolio reach its limit It has happened. So I can't make any more. If I have to make it, I have to make the previous one Will have to delete it. Then I can make new once. Ok? So I quickly deleted it. I do it and make a new one. But when you If you want to make this portfolio then you will get this There will be no problem because your Obviously, if it is the first time then it will not come. Correct? So now here you can see Vansh You Make a Business Portfolio Now you have this See that inside your Meta Business Suite Facebook and Instagram are both connected Or not. Correct? You can see this Facebook is showing you as connected but Instagram connects are not showing. Correct Is? How to do this? Simple Click On Connect Instagram. Now it opens here goes. Now I am asking you whether you Want to create a new Instagram profile? You have to login to your previous profile. Correct Is? So if your Instagram profile If you don't have it, then make a new one. For him Click on Create a New Business Profile. Ok? Instagram profile. Now Here you have to enter details like email Address, Name, Username and Password. Ok? So you can add your email address here. I have added the name. Smayas Collection And make sure all the details are exactly the same yes. Just like Facebook. Ok? Not so That you are adding some other details. All the beans have to be made. Otherwise, how can branding be done? Will it happen? Ok? It looks professional. You Add a username and make sure that Your username is not already selected. Very Be unique. So I smiya c o double l I have chosen. Terms and conditions below You have to check this and click on Continuum. The email you created Instagram with No, you will get a code on that. Correct? Confirmation code. There you came here You have to open your Gmail. You will find the code here It will be visible. Just C. Ok? Simply You Copy the code and paste it there. I pasted the codes there. This is also my It's done. Now I am asking you. Now We are asking you to create a business profile. Do you have one or do you want to create a creator? So you chose Have to do business profile. Ok? Creators are for influencers. Social media creators such as Just Like Me. Ok? I will create a creator. But Because my business is clothing. Is a brand. So I would have chosen business right now. Am. So simply click on continue. Ok? They are asking you which category you are. Is? And choose it very carefully. Is. Do not choose any wrong category. Because if your category is wrong, So Instagram will let you put your business in that category. I start promoting it. So I would suggest you here that you Choose shopping and retail. Ok? Now You are doing our complete setup. It It will take a few minutes and it will be done Is. Correct? And let's say yours already Do you have an Instagram profile? So you have to see the time to connect here. It will depend on whether your profile is a business or personal. If it is personal then you should Shift to Professional Accounts in Business Have to do it. That is very simple. Correct? I am done. On this you click on done Have to pay it. Ok? Our Instagram Business profile has been created. Now I I'll refresh it and show you. just have a Look. My Instagram profile also showed up. Have been. They are also showing Facebook's. ok now just see both my profiles Are showing. Both have been made. Correct? Ok. You have done so much work. Now I give you Let me tell you that your meta business suit What happens inside? Ok? These are one by one By doing this we analyze everything. To all First let me show you this notification. Option. The messages you will receive, which you New mails will come, notifications will come, everything You can see it here. Correct? Now! Because this is brand new. Here you Nothing is visible right now. Correct? Below that you see Ads Manager. You click on this, right? So here Will show you the add account. Here you Accounts show out. Campaign, Audience, Billing and AIDS Reporting. Ok? This You don't have to know right now. this later Let's discuss. I'll show you below There is the inbox. You can send all kinds of messages to your inbox. You can check the message. Ok? still want It has come on WhatsApp, whether you Came on Messenger, Instagram DMs I may have come. Ok? Everything You Can Check In Just One Place. Correct? So here's the whole You can see something. Even you Facebook post You can check the comments. Instagram's You can see all the comments etc. here. Correct Is? From here you will understand which ones you have Responded. Whom did you not respond to? Have done. You can check all the data from here. You are going to do it. Below we show you the content option. Now Your posts, reels, stories, everything here You will see it here. Ok? you here You can also skedaddle. Any of your expired It has happened. Have you published any The content is there, you can see it all here. Correct Is? Right now I'm showing just one of mine. As I recently published my logo. This is what he is showing. Ok? Meaning point Is that you can do both from one platform You can post on the platform with. You can even schedule it. His Below we show you the Creator Market Place option. For this you need your Business verification is required. None of this There is no platform fee. nothing Like that. Here you have two factors authentication needs to be added so that your The business should be verified. And do this There is a lot. What will happen with this? what of you Neither does the admin get added on the backup. End Secondly, it saves your business portfolio. It happens. Ok? security add in It happens. You must have often seen people 's account gets hacked. Ok? Very Problems arise. So in that case it It doesn't come. Ok? You must do this Take. Below that we are showing you the ads. Here But you can catch AIDS etc. But I don't want you to take ads from here. I will teach you. I'll tell you professionally. By going to method add account. Correct? His Below we are showing you the insights here and Showing Alt Tools. on Alt Tools Nor do many tools come. Lots of them. Ok? And please don't panic What is all this about? This is very Simple. Ok? It will show you that Billing, Payments, then Pixels, Catalogue And a lot more options. one by one all Let's talk. I'll show you below Settings option. Now you click on this Will you do it? Correct? Now go to Settings here. I will not tell you how you Ad account needs to be set up. Now from here Onward is a very important section. That is Metabe Business Suite settings. This If you don't do it, you won't get AIDS. You can do it. I mean, it didn't work professionally. Can. By the way, if you want to post boost So that is possible. Ok? So now if you You haven't been able to setup your business yet. If you haven't come to setup your portfolio Unfortunately, there are many in your ad board. Problems are going to come. So pay attention to this You must follow it. Ok? So let's go for it Let's talk. Shows you at the top Business Portfolio Information. And here But your business has to come first. Portfolio details have to be added. I Mean Business Details. Ok? How will you do it? You can see it here, you can see it here Edit option. If you have any questions about your business Portfolio name needs to be edited, changed If you want to do it, you can do that too. First of all I will add my profile picture here. Click on Edit to add a similar picture. Which you have created recently. Correct Logo. So I added it and clicked submit. Clicked. So this ad has been added. Correct? Showing you the business name below Which has already been selected here. Meaning It is written. Correct? Below you will see the option The primary page is coming. This is happening This is a Facebook page. So what recently I created the page, please copy it. Paste the URL here. End Then you have to click on save. Ok? So ours has arrived here. Now his Below we are showing you the business details. And it is very important to fill this. What is the legal name of your business here? You will add that. Business Street Address, City, Postal Code, Phone Number, State, Provinces are going to add everything. Ok? And this thing does not provide security. Sarah Something you have to fill up. Ok? Properly. So now I have chosen this country. Pakistan has added its business name. I have added my address. So I have entered all the details. Correct Is? Shown below at last. Number End Text ID. If you are in Pakistan You are living there and creating an ad account for Pakistan. Neither is there any need for it. Ok? This You can skip. Ok? Then click on Save button and it is saved. now then We have done all this work. now here You can see the extras shown below. Have been. Showing business options. Showing history. All of this is so special There is no need. Ok? which is important above I have told you that. Ok? So our Business initiation has been completed. Now Let's Talk About the Next Option and That Is Users. You will see three options on Users. Have been. Peepal tree is being shown here. Partners and end system users. Correct Is? Let us first talk about Peepal. Now What happens to the Peepal tree from here? Let me Explain first. One of mine from Let's I have a brand and I don't want any agency. Expressive agency should he run my ads or Some expert marketer should run my ad. Here You can add it to your Meta Business Suite. You will do it. Correct? Access to everything now You have that same thing, that person. Can also see. Then you need to login with your password No need to provide any details at all Is. You can do it through professional method from here You can invite him. And that person You will get the invite by accepting it from here. Can check something. And there are two types of You can give access. Ok? Partial Access or Complete Access. Ok? so please Please look carefully. For that you simply Click on Invite People which will be shown to you in blue color I am visible. You have to click on this. Correct? And whichever person you want to add right, take his email address and here Add this. Correct? I email address I have typed it here. down here now Are showing. Give you temporary access Or do you have to pay partial or full. Correct Is? Temporary means that person not only I have to add it for two-three days. Correct? Or Just have to add it for a week. So you Will you give temporary access? But if you If you want to add ads for the long term, then Then you don't have to turn it on. You will do the next one. Showing you access. From here you You have to choose your asset. I Facebook The page has been selected. will do next We. And from here you have to click on invite With One Asset. Ok? Done. Ok? So look at you here Showing invited. Showing emails Showing end full control. Meaning means This person will have access. The invite went of access. Ok? Now accept it will show its side end active here Will give. Now showing below it Partners. Now from Lets I am agency. Ok? I mean, I run AIDS. of clients. Now no team members with me There are quite a few. Ok? I mean, one with me And Ali is the expert. There is another expert Sara. Ok? Now I want to include those people here as well. I want to add pay. So from here that ad Can do. Correct? On this you simply You can add your partners by clicking here. yes. and then they can also have access to Your Business Portfolio. Got it? Below Displaying system users. This you Skip it. No need for it right now It is true. Ok? I'll show you below Accounts option. Now here you are not All the accounts will be showcased to you. Ok? You have to add everyone one by one. Is. First, let me show you the pages. Option. Now see what pages are. You can see the pages option. Now Pages means Facebook page. Correct Is? Now you have to choose it. Now! Recently I have entered the business details You chose that from the primary page, right? Inside. So I don't want to add it again. have to do it. But still, if you want to add No, then you just have to click on the ad. Above. Here I am asking if you want to see a new page. Have to add, have to add existing. Correct Is? So you have to add an existing page. Ok? You will add the URL of your page and Click on Review People and Approval You will click on it. That's it. below it Show you the add account. Now this is that This is the account on which you want to run ads. So Here you simply have to click on this. And this has to be created. because our I do not have any existing ad accounts. We have to make new ad account. Correct? So They make it. Simple Click on Add Accounts. You have to click on the add. Now! Again, we are showing you three options. Do you want to make a new one? Existing Ad Do you want to add your account here or anyone's? The ad account is from another business portfolio You have to send him a request for access. of. So I chose Create New Ad Account. And yes, if you have an old ad account before It is made of, you have to add it here You want it. You can send him to your business Looking to add to your portfolio? Here But you want to burn an ad on it. So on that For that you will click on existing ad Above the account. But I think so if your If the business is new then there is a new ad for it. Make good. He remains better. now here You have to add the name of your ad good. So Which is your business name, right? You have to keep the same name for your ad good. You You can also do it differently. so much problem No, but the beans should remain. Ok? So I added the Smyas collection here. Is. Ok? The time zone it shows You have to choose your country. and this Is variant. Now, whatever time zone you choose Yes, you have to choose the same currency. Will have to. Don't do this that you are Pakistan's You are choosing the time zone of Karachi. End You kept the currency as USD. No, that too Don't forget that you are in Los Angeles' time zone. Rakhra ho and PKR ne below currency rakh Have given. Ok? It will become problematic. So Make sure that the currency you are adding is the same You have to choose this country. Ok? So I have set the time zone here as Karachi Asia I have made my choice. Below currency I have PKR I will select it. Ok? It's done. You clicked on Next Have to give. Now it is asking you that your ad Code that's unique to your business for business or for any other business or Is it for the client? So you have to select This is my business. You click on agree to terms and conditions Tax Dena Hai and then click on Create Ad Ok, our ad account is done. How much Simple, right? Now asking here ad Payment Info. I mean, look, whenever you run an ad Yes, you have to attach your card. Because it is not that your AIDS is free. I am running in. you had to pay Is. So in that case, put your card here. Will have to attach it. Debit card, credit Card, Master Card, Visa Card. Ok? There are lots of options. Even your PayPal You can also attach it. Wise account also attached You can do it. Ok? So here you are now If you want to add something, add it now. You your You can also add it separately. So, here What will you do? Simply choose your time zone Select it. Choose your country and Choose PKR currency. Correct? Next We will do it. Card number, card name, etc. I have to add something and save it. Ok? Now we are showing you Business Asset Group. You can skip this for now. his This is not that important. below it Show you the apps. Now here, now your There won't be an app, right? So you skipped this Have to pay it. Ok? You can skip this. Now you have to click on Instagram Accounts Above. Ok? So, just recently we Created an Instagram account. Ok? Business Professional Account. He is here for you Already showing it. showing you right now Hai Login Did Simple Click On Login Apna Add your email address and password and log in. OK, I'm logged in. It's logged in. Now you have to save your information, that's it It's done, now log in as Maia C Double L C Double L Okay click on this We will give it, it's done OK, this is done, I have done it from the account. Added pages and created ad accounts too. I have also made my Instagram account mine. The add has been done. Ok? Now you click At last, click on WhatsApp account. Now Again You have to add Business WhatsApp only. Simple Don't add WhatsApp. Ok? On this you You will click. Click on add. give it here Things showing that you have the new WhatsApp I want to create a business account. link here You want to do business with WhatsApp account. Correct Is? So I clicked on the link. Because you will already have a business WhatsApp No. You just have to link it here. Your phone number code here Choose country Of. And add your number here and that's it. It. I have to continue it. Correct? be attached Will go. Then you will receive a code for this number. Up for verification. Correct? You can find the code here You will have to add it. And click on continue do it. And that's it. Your Business WhatsApp It will be added here officially. so that's All About Settings of Meta Business Suite. Its Apart from this, let's attach pixels here. Correct Is? Pixel Integration Conversion API And a lot more things. We will talk about that too We will do it in great detail. Now I will tell you I want to know how you have basically selected the payment method. Have to attach it. How does a payment card mean? How will you attach the funds and how will you do so? You can add it. This is not very technical Things happen. And a Lot of People Are Stuck In this. Right? to a lot of people The problem is that their Payments get banned, get stuck or they freeze. Ok? lot of Problems. So I tell you that How do you actually do this? Ok? There are two options for that. Ok? Two This way you can add payments here. yes. One is that you click here Business Billing & Payments Over and Over You will go here. What is the second option? That Here you click on All Tools. Then you have to find billing here Details. Billing and Payments here. Correct Is? You will click on it and it will open. It happens. Ok? So, this is open now. Now! I am showing you three things. of accounts Showing options. of payment methods Are showing. of end payment activity Are showing. Ok? You can see it here now Yes, my ad account is active here. Have been. And this is made. Ok? Payment not added yet. How does that add Do you want to do it? Let's take a look at this. now over here You have to click on Add Payment Method. Above. Ok? You will click on this. You will do it next. Pay your card here Add the details, simple. Ok? save it Take. You have to click on Payment Activity Above. All your transactions here Will show. Let's say you ran an ad 1000 per day. Correct? And your three days It has run till. Your daily transactions He will get it showcased here. Ok? Meaning How much ad spending have you done? Above. All the complete details will be given to you You will see it here. Ok? end if in case If you have run out of funds, you Simply click on Add Funds. The amount you want to add like Add 10,000, 5,000 and click next. The two ends add up. end if add If it is not there then you can reduce the amount by half. Ok? What happens very often? Your limits are a little low in the beginning. it occurs. You cannot add large amounts yes. So in the beginning, maybe a little bit There may be a problem but yes you can deposit a small amount. You cannot add it inside. So like this You can process by adding payment details. You can. And what happens sometimes? Yours Ad account gets disabled or banned. Now why does that happen? Up to 90% of its reason It happens, and that is billing. Like if Your ad has run, you've run out of funds. Have gone. Facebook can stop your ads. and gives to your ad account It restricts it. Ok? some time For. As soon as you make the payment again Nor does it get set. so much problem Not there. So don't be panic if your ad The account should be disbursed. Ok? It's Very common. As You Can See We Have Metabiz Suite Completed the entire setup of Is. Ok? Now let's talk about the ad account Which is variant. Because we already have everything The work has to be done there only. means running AIDS, Running the campus, everything. So how will you do that They take a look. You have to click on ads On the manager. You will see it here. Here you are shown multiple options. Correct Is? The account overview will appear. campaign Let us show. Audiences, Billing and Payments and Ad Reporting. Ok? To all First you have to click on Add Account Above the overview. From here you will get the complete account You can check it. Ok? means how much Your cameras are active. Your Facebook The page shows you. your phone number Verify whether it is there or not. Payment method applied Has it happened or not? Ok? everything you can See here. Here you will find the complete overview goes. Correct? Here you will also find Tells how many ads in the last seven days It was spent. Everything. Ok? But we There is no work to be done here. what we We have to do some work, we will do it on the ads account. On reaching. Correct? This is an overview, right? So What do you have to do for that? You again Have to hover here. And then you have to Click on ads. You have to click Over the Campanulas. Ok? So it's open Will go. Now this is add account. Ok? add this Let's say account. You should look at this carefully Take it because we will use it many times. And if you are a marketer, advertiser So you have to open it every day. Will have to. Ok? Will have to check. Now here But all your campuses that you run, You will see everything. How many campuses Spending has been done, what is its reach, What is his performance? Everything you have here You are the observer. An opportunity here We are also showing you the score. In this we Let's talk about it in great detail sometime. This score was not there earlier. Ok? recently It has just been added. Good Opportunity Score What happens? This is the score that Meta gives your campaign its meaning. from lats You have run a campaign. Ok? not in it anymore A score meta will give you 70 80 70 80 Something is fine, it could be 60. Any number, now this number depends on How well your campaign will perform If your score is above 80, it means Your campaign is very good. Completed targeting in it very well Your creatives are good, your ad copy is good It's okay but if the score is less than 60 is below means you have to The campaign needs to be further improved. There is Still Room to Improve Your Campaign OK It requires a lot of still work. But it doesn't matter much. Again it's not like that campaign score if It will be very good, only then the campaign will be good Will perform. Nothing like this happens. Yes The recommendation is from Meta. You have a little These cases have to be checked thoroughly if any If a problem arises. Ok. Ok. You on this Have to click. Showing you here Add account. Ok? Ye Sumaiyas Collection The account ID is shown next. You See You can. Ok? So what do you have to do now? You will see a green button. Create. You have to click on this. Whenever you want to launch this campaign, then You have to launch it by clicking on it. Correct? Like if you click on this then Matt Shows you different objectives. But before the objective, you will get some options. Are showing. Choose a buying type. Now here Pay shows you two options. Option End Reservation. Now you all know the options. will be. Ok? from lets that a lot of people Are. There are your comparators. you t-shirt sale What are you doing. Now there are five or six more people who That t-shirt is on sale over on Meta. Correct? Now your ad has appeared in the new option Is. Meaning there are a lot of people and everyone has customers. Needed Ok? Now Meta is in your add option Will keep it. And if your creative is good, Your budget is good and all other factors They are good. So there is a high chance that you Win the option. Okay, right? So this is Option and second reservation is basically You have to buy in advance Outcomes. Like whatever you like, let's say you You need 10 cells, you need to buy them in advance. have to do it. The matter will have to be paid for. You don't have to worry about reservations at all. Have to go. Whenever you run an ad, any brand Do business over for any type. Ok? You have to choose the option which is by Default occurs. Ok? Choose the option You took it. I'll show you below Objectives. And this is literally different. And I personally know a lot of people like this I know someone who has been riding on Meta for a long time. Are running. But seriously, they don't Know what each objective means Is? What happens with which objective? Meaning What are the actual objectives of their aids? Best for them or their business Is. They really don't know. Right? But you are the one Don't make a mistake. So pay attention to it Look at it. So if I talk about Metavarna first There were many objectives. But Right Now there are six objectives. Ok? Now the no for every objective is very It is an important role. I tell you What is the meaning of each objective? To you Which one is right for your business at what time? You have to choose the objective. First of all you Show awareness. And this is variant. Many people do not feel this in awareness. That is, this objective has no meaning. There is no purpose. don't run it Needed But this is not right. Ok? First Do you know what it means? from lats You have launched a new brand. Ok? Do you have an agency or have you Someone has opened a shop, someone has started a new business It has started. Ok? Anything That Is New. For that you add first You bring it to Day First but that is awareness. Campaign. Ok? This is very important. This should not be skipped at all. If You know about marketing panels, right? You must know how important campaigns are. Is. But if you don't know then you can read this of mine. Must watch the video. I Complete Marketing Panel Explained It has happened. Ok? The only purpose of awareness It happens. There is only one goal. And that is Increasing Reach. Ok? Meaning your lats There is a brand. If I speak for myself My agency: I recently opened my office Has been created. Build your own office In the name of Scale Up IT. Ok? Now I I am running his campaign Right Now. That is awareness campaign. I have no leads Did not run the campaign. I saw no traffic Did not run the campaign. I just An awareness campaign has been launched. And It's Bean Say Does Now. Ok? So, the point is that this The campaign is huge. If brand new You are starting something new, anything You are doing something new. Ok? He must start to do. Ok? I'll show you below Traffic campaign. Traffic as the name shows. Ok? What does traffic mean? That you know the crowd, the rush of people. of traffic This means that you are using another platform. But you are not selling traffic. Let's take your There is a blogging website. Ok? You Traffic needs to be increased there. Your blog post You have to increase his reels, right? His Traffic has to be increased. Your Instagram This is a brand new profile. Is. And you want people to go there and Let the traffic go. And there people will go and tell you Follow. View your reels and so on. Video views increased. Not in all those cases You have to run this traffic campaign. Well, to be honest, there's no use in it. It happens. Meaning traffic campaign, understand this That is absolutely useless. Because if you are Thinking you have an e-commerce store? And you run traffic campaigns there. The traffic goes there and they say goodbye to you. do. This is not right. It is not possible. Meta na very true with you. Very He is honest. The objective you choose Nor do you get the same outcome. Ok? If you have run a traffic campaign then Meta will only send traffic. They The traffic police did not go and take any action. It is about to happen. Nothing means that traffic wall will go It is not going to convert. So that's why you Avoid campaigns without traffic. This is not that useful. After that comes Engagement Campaign Which Is Variant. Now What does engagement campaign mean? Little Understand this. of engagement campaigns What would that mean? Engaging people. Correct Is? Increasing views of your videos, posts Increasing engagement, likes, comments, all of that. To increase. Or you can send it on WhatsApp I need messages. You receive messages on Messenger Needed You need DMs. Ok? all of them In these cases, you can choose this objective. You are the one. Ok? If you mean the message In the form, you want people to talk to you. Make a purchase and make a purchase. Talk to you then Convert to leads. Ok? in that case No, this is the best objective. Sales to you You may not want messages through. To you You will need to go through this. Correct? End Engagement campaigns let you know your followers You can also expand your Facebook page. If your Facebook page is brand new In that case, if you know that it is organic You need growth, it takes time. Ok? It is not that very soon your Followers increase. It would take time for that Is. So what can you do in that case? Choose an engagement objective. Give you Go to the destination and choose the Facebook page You can. And through that people follow you. We do. Ok? Meaning peacock and lace, you say this You can do that if you like the page of Facebook page If you want to increase your followers, then this is Best objective. So, you are ready for engagement. You can do it easily through this. Ok? comes after that This is a lead campaign. The meaning of lead is also very simple Is. The lead speaks. Your someone from Let's It's business. Ok? you for that Need clients. his client data Needed That is lead. So simple. Late from mine It is a real estate business. Ok? Me No people's data for real estate Needed I need leads. how is he now Will she come to you? It is very simple. You are a lead You create a form. You are first in that name, last name, their email address, their You take everything, phone number, location. Ok? Customer to End Customer Vo Fill Kar Gives. And after that, no matter how many customers All the people who feel it, feel it. Your forms will get that many leads Are. Got it? So Leeds is the best For website or instant forms For. If you want convergence, you Instant forms have to be filled up. To you Need leads on the website. Ok? That This is the best objective in the case. And this Neither do service based businesses use it much Are. Meaning if you are a service based app business If you're driving, Leeds is the best The objective you should choose. Ok? Then we show you the app. Promotion. And app promotion is so important Not there. Meaning when you have an app like Any app on Play Store, Apple Store Made new. So you have installed it Have to increase. You want people there Go and install it. In that case, the option You can run the ad. And last but Not the least sales campaign which is the Most and up to 90% of people sell on Meta They run campaigns. Ok? all the rest Objectives on one side with end sales objective aside because very It is important. What does it do? from lats You have a brand. E-commerce website, There is a store. Ok? You will do sales campaigns. People visit your store or website And we purchase it from there. Direct Website purchase means they will not talk to you. Won't bother you with messages, irritate you. Will not do. You will go directly to the website Above, add to card, check out I will do it and say goodbye. So simple. So this Objective now is most important. And this is for e-commerce owners. Ok? If you want to sell something, sell a product. is online. Ok? In that case you can choose You are going to do it. I hope you are clear What are the objectives? What is its role? And you get this You must have also understood that for your business Which is the right objective? Meaning if you If you are selling car service then you should go For leads and engagement campaigns. If your If you have a website, you should drive engagement. Or sales campaigns. Ok? means this They are different. Ok? of now So I chose awareness because I have a brand new ad account so I I am choosing awareness. Ok? donation I will continue. Wait, I told you this Didn't even mention the structure of the camper What happens? Because this is very important Is. Campaign Structure. Now first thing What is a campaign? Correct? Look, whenever you run ads on Meta, right? We call that a campaign. AIDS and campaigns There are two names for the same thing. Correct? But we Let's use the word campaign. ok now Let's talk about the structure of the campaign Are. What is that? structure means that What is included in the campaign? Its three There are parts. The biggest campaign was Is. After that comes the Adset level. Add level comes inside it. Correct? Meaning Three levels or three parts of the campaign You can speak. First the campaign, then AIDS then AIDS. Ok? Now you understand What would the structure of the campaign be? Is. Now from here till the end of the video This is the variant section till the end of the course. Why? Because in this I am going to cover Hmm updates. Meaning what in meta Have there been any changes? What differences have occurred? I am going to cover everything in the last two years. So please look carefully. because this There is something there, no one else is going to tell you. So Let's start. You will receive the campaign's You must have understood the structure. Now whenever When you start a campaign, you will find Two options appear. Ok? There happens to be one The manual end is Advantage Plus. Now If you don't know this, I will tell you I will give it. Manual means that everything You are going to manage some things yourself. means that How do you keep the placement? You have an audience Which target to target? Right? Yours Which one will be creative? Add copy everything you You decide it yourself. Even the budget. Correct? Meaning you can decide everything yourself in the manual. Do you. On the other hand, Advantage Plus This means that the meta has a i decide Does. Ok? And now this one This is a very enhanced end of meta. Advance has been made. I'll just give you the steps I will tell you step by step. If you want to be a beginner Or even if it is pro level, you still don't Not choosing Advantage Plus. You can choose Have to do it manually. So whenever I ran the ad I have chosen manual setup. Have done. Advantage Plus if it had to be done Isn't it, then you can also take advantage of the manual. Plus you can do it. Ok? butt separately Advantage Plus Pay Completely Dependent It should not happen. Meaning point is this meaning meta Don't give him a complete role so that everything Hide words. No. You yourself have some Have to keep it with me. Ok? Details of the campaign Before I cover it in depth, let me tell you Looking to discuss and draft update. Correct? Because this is a lot to know. End I don't think you'd be good without it. You can run a campaign. Correct? it's not a Big World. It's actually a complete Psyche that is following AIDS. back She is working on the end. But then worry This is not it. And what is Dramada? I will tell you very simply. End also you can check out my this video if You have to understand in more detail. But Even if you don't see that, I will still be in it. I will tell you everything. ok let's talk What is the Hain and Drometa Update? I I will explain it to you just like a kid. If it is correct then you will understand it well. So Don't be worried about that. Look Think's Matt There's a robot that can help people learn your AIDS. Shows. These robots before the end drama He was smart, but not very smart. Because you had to give it details Targeting. I had to tell you that my Ad Show these people. Don't show it to them. Ok? You had to choose the placement. You had to do a lot of settings. The budget had to be decided. Our objective And the purpose had to be chosen. many Adsets had to be created. Bha this is Audience has adsets. This is custom made. These Looks like it is. This detail is about targeting Is. You had to do all this yourself. End A lot of manual work. All this to you I had to put in my own effort. End Matter Had to give it to. I had to tell that my There is no ad. Show them. Don't show it to them. Ok? And you must know that we are humans. We make mistakes. So many Advertisers who were not experts in this Inside he used to make a lot of mistakes and he Such good results were not achieved. But After Andromeda, basically you say this Can you tell me that Andromeda and Meta have new Has a super brain. I mean the robot is the old one. It is there. But inside that robot there is a super Brain has been added. which itself decides It says that this ad should not be shown to him. This ad should be sent to the right people at the right time. Have to show. Ok? Yeh sab kuch na metakind Dromeda means the brain robot that we have I have given it, Wood thinks he has decided everything. Does. And that's the robot's super brain. Isn't it something that we added later, which we And Dromeda is saying that he is very Is smarter. Meaning, he decides everything himself. Takes. Which placement will be best? Creative enhancement is done. They Where to add music to creatives, Where to add Hourly, where have you Have to add dex. everything he it Dissides. And you know the audience, Leave you alone. Meaning if you are targeting You don't even do complete open targeting, do you? Do you do it or do you target very broadly? Still, he will show your ad only to the right people. And not to show this to the right people, but to Robot testing on your aids very He will do it properly and optimize it. How will he take better decisions automatically? Let me tell you that you have started a campaign since Lets Okay, he has uploaded five of his videos. Five ad creatives have been added to Meta now. AI means Andromeda, the new robot I mean, Andromeda decides that does that to the second one out of five The budget is less and the fourth is more. Is. Meaning he will decide everything himself. Crazy right you don't have to do anything. You should have told your son before And Dromeda I also want my ad to be for people between the age of 20 to 30. I have to show it to the woman. whose interest There is clogging inside. Butt and Dromeda Cay You don't have to tell me anything afterward. You just Have to work on my creativity. Ok? Give him good creatives. Best Videos Images carroz do. Give him good ad copy. Give it a lot of combinations. End That's it. All other work does not matter Going to do. And again, if you are a beginner, you I don't know what these creatives are up to. Are there? What are these videos, images, everything? Is? So I'm going to tell you everything in detail Am. This is why I discussed this update. Because this is very important. as soon as We will move on, right? I will update this. I will discuss it many times. And if you If you don't know this then it will create a Lot of problems. So and Dromda's Puri The conclusion of the story is that before the end Dromeda You tell the meta, brother. These I have a clothing brand. This is mine It's a T-shirt. I don't want to show this to this man. Whose age is 25. But after enrollment you Just giving my creative to Meta yes. Only creative means video images Take it and show it to the right people. By your own sweet will. You know all this magic. It is not happening from. Its back end Nvidia Ends AI Machine Learning Too It is working efficiently. So you say this Can you tell me that the entire focus is on audio? Removed and shifted. Creative Above enhancement. Work on creatives Started doing it. So when so much Since the focus is on creatives, this Why not shift the course towards creative? Let's do. Ok? And this crash of mine In the course, I will give you complete guidance. I am going to tell you how you can be the best creative You can make it with AI. And for God's sake Don't say whether these apps are paid or free. Is. Because all these apps that I am telling I am going to give you this if you use it for free. If you want to do it then watermark will come. If the tree If you use it, there will be no watermark. Correct Is? It's all up to you. And One More Thing This is not sponsored. Any single app Not sponsored. I hope you get the point It must have become clear that basically What is the Andromeda update? Ok? End I would still prefer that my course After that, definitely watch this video once. Take. Ok? Many of your concepts It will become clear. Ok? Ok? Let's Get Back to campaign. Ok? Now three in the campaign I have told you the levels. campaign Level, AddSet and AddLevel. Now at the campaign level But we don't do anything very special. It's almost you can tell him like this We will leave it. All the work we do No, we do that at adset and ad level. Above. At Edset we do three important things Are going to do it. We will decide the budget, Select audio and choose placement do. These three are very important. I I will show you how. and last and third Level which is add level. There are two of us in it Important work is going to be done. one of our There will be ad copy and there will be ad creative. So Let's start. First of all you You can see the campaign level. It has been opened. First of all, you have to choose the name of the campaign. Does matter. You can name it end or anything. Ok? It's all up to you. This Audis look Doesn't come. Just you can see. Correct Is? So you can use any name. Below you Shows the details of the campaign. Now here Showing you the buying type option. Correct Is? It is already chosen. You have this There is no need to change anything at all. below it Let us show you the objective of the campaign. The recent objective you chose No, that is what is being shown here. But if you want that you want to change it, then you You can do it too. But I don't want to change Is. Let's leave it like this. below it You see the Advantage Plus campaign Budget. So now listen to me. If you have somewhere The Advantage Plus option is also visible. Its meaning is very clear. And that is how the AI decides what matter is. Is going to do. Meaning you give hold to AI had been. Advantage Plus means AI. Ok? Advantage plus equals to AI, right? Meaning Wherever the word Advantage Plus comes up What would that mean if that thing was not there particular thing that particular section AI He is going to manage. Show you here There is Advantage Plus Camben Budget. means this It is that whatever you hold on the budget, it will be meta You are giving it to Let's start with your budget of Rs 5000. Is it right to apply it in a week or 3 days? If you turn on Meta here Don't hold on to it and you can meta it. You say you should spend these 5000 rupees yourself. According to me, now it is Meta's wish. He should spend it all in one day. I am spending slowly, okay It's hold up to meta no hold on you You have given hold to all the meta ok i hope you are clear now and very The question everyone has is whether we Choose whether or not to let me explain if Your budget is very limited, like 1000 If it is for per day then you can use it in that case Don't do it. Ok? But if your Good budget is like 10,000 for a week or Then if your budget is 15, 20,000 like this In that case you can earn it, You can test it. Ok? And give the budget also There are different types. There is a daily budget end There is a lifetime budget. Now for the daily budget What does it mean that how much did you earn per day? Want to spend? You could have put it here yes. What happens in End Lifetime? Meaning Let's give you the budget for one week together. yes. And you say that you can decide the matter yourself. do it. How will you spend the budget? Correct Is? It's also like AI. so you always have To choose daily budget. Daily budget budget is very It is the best. With this you move on Have to do it. Ok? shows you below Campaign seed strategy. Now whenever the option There is budding in it. You Know That whenever your campaign performs in the auction It does, you put a bud on it. Ok? You will get the highest volume here. Have to keep it. This is how they show you three Option. Meaning you choose the result over the cost. want to do, highest volume Do you want this or other options? You have always You have to choose the highest volume. not from this Your ads perform best within your budget We do. Showing you below AB Testing. What is AB testing? Let me tell you this. And this is a variant feature By the way. What is good AB testing? Is? Let's say I have two types of There are creatives. Two types of video aids Are. Now I am very confused as to which one What will perform best? know which one Is it the best? Which one is not the best? So that In this case you can do testing. Let us go Let's leave Create Video. Let's Talk About a Let's skip the video. Let's Talk About Audience. Ok? You have custom There is an audience. And you have a detail You want to do targeting. and you Don't know which one will perform best. Ok? In that case you can do AB testing. You can. The four main principles of AB testing There are different parameters. means four On different parameters you You are going to test this in your campaign. Ok? So let's see this. You can turn it on You can do it if you want to use it. Now Below we are asking you what do you want To test? I mean, what do you want to test? Is. Correct? Now you will see four options here. Have been. Creative is asking you. Audiences are asking for placement or custom. asking from below how many Need to test for Daze? means how much you Want to test it for a while? From Days, 12 days, 15 days, how much time? Ok? The ideal time is seven days. Seven does like the best time is any To test the thing. Specially Meta Above. Because the learning fuzz of meta Na that is three to five does. means three Your campaign will be yours after just five days. The campaign starts performing well Are. So you should test it for a minimum of seven days. So definitely do it. Ok? Below that you Showing How Do You Want to Compare Performance? So how did you perform? Have to compare. Lots of options here now Are. I will tell you what it is. Look, let's You have run an ad from. Now you understand I can't figure out which one will perform better. Has been. Meaning Campaign A is performing well Is she or B performing well? Correct? How will you test it? Whose Are you going to do it on my behalf? that is basically Campaign performance. Ok? Compare You don't have many options in performance Are showing. Showing purchases at cost Are. Result on Cost, CPC, Cost Per 100, 1000 accounts and a lot more. Meaning On whose basis are you going to test it? Are you going to? You have to check the cost, which The cost of the C campaign is increasing, decreasing Is. You have to check the purchases for which campaign The results are good, the sales are good, Whose is less good? You can check by clicking here Have to do it. Meaning, which campaign should be better? There have been more clicks. fewer clicks on which Have come. Ok? And There Are a Lot More Things. And this is not a hard and fast rule It is not that you have to choose this only. cost But the result. No you can go with cost purchase. You can go with cost per click CPC. Ok? There are many options. And I'm here I would say that if you are very confused You don't understand which one Your video is good, which placement? If it is good, then definitely try it. Special ad is showing below it Categories. If your business is one of these four If it falls in any category, then your The ad goes into the special category. Ok? Now see what those four categories are. Let's take it. Showing you first Financial Products and Services. Meaning If you are running a banking ad, you You are running a credit card ad. financing, investments, etc. Are you running an ad or a savings account etc. Meaning whatever investment related things Everything related to banking is there, isn't it? Comes inside. Showing you seconds Employment. Meaning if you are applying for job offers, internships or different programs or Certification and so on. You run ads for all of these No, then your ad comes in special category. Inside or if you are working on top of the housing yes. You are running ads on real estate. Correct Is? Ads were run on mortgages and real estate. had been. And finally I will show you Elections. Politics and social issues. Meaning If you are running political ads, instructions You are running his ad inside etc. Correct Is? In all these cases, do not put your ad matter It is given in special category. Correct? Meaning, the people who normally run ads, meta But your ad gets separated from it. It goes into the special category. Got it? But if your business is different from all these I am not coming, right? So you can choose anything. Don't do it. Ok? But if it is coming You will choose. You can also choose the country below. Will you do it? Ok? With Lets you can get real estate tax If you are living in Canada then you can choose Canada. Will you take it? You can choose real estate. Ok? You will select housing etc. Ok? So All this happened. Our campaign level is complete It is complete. Ok? Now let's talk about ads Shirt level. First let me show you Add shirt name. Meaning you can put your name here. You're gonna do anything. Ok? because our There is an awareness campaign, so that is why we Awareness shows are being held. Below that you Show performance goals. Now these terms It is very important. so please Just listen carefully. Performance Goal Meaning What is the ultimate goal of your ad? If You have run an awareness campaign, right? What is his goal? I mean, why are you driving? Your awareness campaign? Because I need to reach Have to increase it. So look here it is written Maximize Reach of AIDS. But if your What will happen if the campaign is about sales? Maximize Number of Convergences. Meaning We need convergence. We need sales. So the point is that your performance goal It happens that this change keeps happening with the Objective. Ok? If objective If it is different then this also changes. Ok? If you click on this, you You can change this also. Ok? You Reach You can increase it. You want to increase your impressions You can increase it. Showing you below Facebook page. Select your page here You have to do it. Correct? Whichever page You are going to run the ad, so choose it. Take. I have chosen the Smyas collection Which we made recently. below it Showing you the cost per result goal. Ok? Meaning this is optional. Here you Basically you are going to do beading. Meaning You apply costs for a particular goal yes. Meaning you get 1000 impressions from Lets Should I or should I reach? So you can save that 1000 How much does it cost to pay meta for impressions? You are going to do it. You meta for that 1000 reach How much amount are you going to pay? but it's completely optional and you You can skip this completely. Leave it down below shows you Wally Rules and this is also a new update in Meta, I wouldn't call this an update, but This new feature has come, okay this thing first It was not there at all, it was added recently Almost a few months ago and all of you Good news for this is the best feature This helps you and your Better inside targeting and better your Well, that's within the convergence of results. How do I tell you? Let's get you a T-shirt You are selling the man. Ok? and you Do you want your ad na woman at all? Didn't see. Just watch Man. Ok? only Man. So in that case you have a rule here You make it so that my ad has to be shown to the man. And the bid rate you quote is up to 95%. You apply it. Ok? This way your The campaign is visible only to particular men. Are. Ok? Very precisely. this is There was one example. Now recently I tell you Let me tell you about my client. My Client, basically all their business It's all about real estate. Ok? And that one Just want to do it in a particular city Are. Only Just in Lahore. And they want He was sure that he did not receive any message from any other city. Etc. people did not come. Leeds did not come. Just the people of Lahore have to be targeted. And we ran the ad many times. very often Campez Run Key. But still he gets messages They were from different cities. Karachi Messages were coming from. PK was coming from KP And were coming from different places. Who They were absolutely useless. Meaning it was not necessary Us. But stills were coming. So what did we Did? I created a root site for them. gave in which I particularly Lahore was targeted after going to the cities. Ok? And you know that champion We ran for almost 12 days. End The results were literally shocking. meaning which messages where previously up to 70% of their messages and The number of people coming from other places reduced to 30%. This means that up to 70% of the messages were coming from Lahore. And very little percentage comes from other cities. Was being. With the end rule set, our Targeting becomes very precise. Us Many results come. And I this I am also doing other tests To get the best over different aids Results. And let's see how good it is This thing performs. Ok? and so on I would like to tell you to please try this once Must try because whenever in meta Any new feature that comes doesn't come just like that. go. Something very large in her back end it occurs. There are a lot of algorithms in its back end. He is doing good work. So once You must try it. Ok? So Here you have to simply click. Create Above a rule set. Ok? here you can see Ho Get More Outcomes You Want Optimize For All types of goals. See Better Results With Single adset. Just see what he is saying. He says this If you have even one AdSet then Even then you can get better results. End I am not telling this. telling the matter Is. Ok? You have to simply click. I Understand My Overall Cost Present Increase when using value rules. Meaning They are asking you to give a little bit of your The cost may increase if you use it. had been. Ok? And you tick it Have to give. How do I tell? Let's say you Earlier, some ad was running and you got a message on it. The cost used to be around ₹30. Message at 30 PKR but after turning it on Later it may be possible that your cost may be Rs 100 Let it go 150 or 70, it's fine. And this is a very obvious thing and this matter He himself is telling you that there might be a chance. that your cost increases the result, okay? You have to be ready for this, you choose it. Click on Create AdSet Sort Rule Set OK, you have to click on this and the rest Look what they are showing you? Criteria Select it. Now here are the criteria But you have to click on it. And here you will find one, two, three criteria. Not showing. These are showing you All five criteria. Meaning these five You can choose any of the things above. yes. And please try one at a time. Choose. You can do two also. Butt is the best It's better to test only one at a time. They are in. Ok? So I am showing you the age. Ok? Showing you gender. device Platform Mobile Operating System & Location. Ok? And according to me this feature Best will perform more particularly For gender and location. Because These are the two things where you all get stuck. You go, you get stuck. because if Let's show you AIDS Just Man Or just want to show it to women. So bye By default, your ad will be shown to both It has been happening. And your budget is wasted. So you don't have to do this. So that case In You Have to Choose Gender from Here. Or You make its value rule. Ok? End What will happen by making value rules? Your Particularly very precisely, meta only Will it show to men or only to women? It will show you who you want. Ok? seconds I said location. Now look at the location Everyone faces a lot of problems. If You want to show an ad in Lahore, but it is in Karachi. It is visible. You need to place your ad in the UAE I want to show that she was seen in Sharjah Is. Meaning there would be a lot of problems Are. And due to this your budget is wasted. It must be so. So in that case you can choose this. You can. And in this you can select specific cities, Countries, Regions, States and Designated You can choose all the market areas. DMA and DMS mean designated You can also choose market areas. How Crazy this is. Ok? Let's make one and see Let's take it. I chose the location. I'm showing you here below. That you have to do country, city. Region DMA has to be done here. Ok? Designated Market Area. So I chose I have done the city. Ok? because I Because look at the country, you will know the country. That you have to drive in Pakistan. So It will be visible only in your Pakistan. That Dubai Not visible in the US or the USA Is. So don't worry about that. if the problem It comes, that is on city or state etc. Ok? You can do this. So I I chose the city. And here you are You will search the name of the location. I added Karachi Done just for instance to show you For. Ok? Now showing you below Beading. Correct? Now you have to place the bead here. it occurs. Now two options are shown here. Increase bid by or decrease bid by. So You have to increase your bid. Ok? And Here I have done it 90%, 95%. Now You have to keep the BD above 90%. Because this increases your chances of You can get the best results. You rule below You can name it anything, meaning you can name it anything. I kept the location rule. Ok? Next Let's do this. You two in it You can make criteria. From Lets to You Gender also has to be done. You can do that too. Simple Click on Criteria. here you Choose your gender. And I became a woman Is. And budding I have done 98. Meaning Up to 98% my woman has to show. then upon Mails. Ok? And below you can see the name of the rule again. You can keep it and click next. Correct Is? Now you can see all your rules are visible. Have been. Show gender, location and everything Have been. And budding is also being shown to you. Ok? So you will name the rule and this You will click on create. Create your rule are done. And you have to create it again and again. There is no need to do it at all. You If you run a second campaign, then you Simply select it. you don't need To again make it from scratch. Got it? Yes, if you want to create a new rule, So you can make it again. can see now Ho is showing me the gender location rule. Below is showing you Create a Rule Set. You have to create something new, you can create something new. Ok? It's all up to you. Now I will show you below There is a frequency cap. Now what would this be Is? Now you have a campaign from Lets. Now I'll tell you right now one of my The impression should come in seven days. Needed Meaning a person who sees the ad once Takes. After seven days, try it again Show the ad. Meaning adding the same person again and again Don't want to show it. Got it? what in this way What happens is that you basically cap the frequency. You apply it. Meaning you set this frequency You do it on your own. And this is Ideal. You let it go like this. Below Let us show you dynamic creative. his Let's talk. I'm Literally Obsessed With dynamic creative. This is very amazing Is. You must turn this on Because let me tell you what this is. Look, there is no meta in this, basically neither yours nor Media is text. From the late you Meta has been given three ad copies and You have given five different creatives. Meaning video ads have been given. Ok? Now It's all up to meta. Meaning, which people Which one to show? I mean let's say your brother There is an add. The first one is ad copy She doesn't look wasteful. It's taking seconds. So copy the meta second ad and the first ad Will catch and make Audis visible. Now let's This is the third ad and the first ad is a copy Meta will catch him and show him to Audis. So The point is that meta is to your creatives Optimizes. Enhances. For him Makes it dynamic. Ok? I am creative I am not talking about enhancements. I I am just saying that your ad copy It happens and your ad becomes creative. His combination meta creates itself in the Best way possible. So let's make it. But If you have only one ad copy from Lets Yes and you have only one creative, only one If there is a video then you will not benefit from it. Ok? In that case, you won't turn it on. Because then meta to whom what combination Will you make it? Not possible. Ok? So from here you You are going to do this. Now let's talk about the budget end. Of the schedule. And budget ke upar na mujhe So many people ask questions so often How much should the budget be? in Pakistan How much to keep, how much to keep in the US? and a Lots more questions. So, let me answer to all of your questions. Look, there is no one in the budget There are no hard and fast rules at all. That you have to spend this much budget, you have to spend 500, I have to invest Rs 1000. This is not right. Correct Is? It all depends upon your pocket. As much Flexware you can pay me meta You can run ads for that much. Ok? There is no such fixation at all. Is. But let me tell you an ideal budget. Which is what you should use. Ok? Like It is not that you are running ads worth Rs 200-300. This should not be done either. You will get the results Will not come at all. Ok? if you If you are running a sales campaign then you Minimum per day has to be kept above 1000. You can keep an ad budget up to $5000 in these Pakistan. But if you run the ad in the US If you are living here then you will get at least $30 per day. Have to keep it till. $30, $40 something like that. Ok? If there is an awareness campaign, you can reduce it. Yes, but you have to keep a bigger budget for sales. Ok? And in the budget you are given two options. Daily and Lifetime. So you always have to go With daily budget. Let me show you inside it Scheduling. Meaning, from when to when did you add Do you want to drive it? So you leave it like this Two. You don't have to do anything with it as it is. Is. Let me tell you the reason for this. See Whenever you run an ad on Meta, you You have no idea how long your ad will last. Can perform well. very often this It happens that in the beginning we get results He is not coming for five-six days. But After that the results start coming. So if you have run the ad for only five days then What is the use? Ok? So make sure that you Don't put any end date on this. This is after you I have to decide whether to change the performance of the ad. Above means how is it performing. How much better it is performing. Give you Deciding what action you want to take. Whether you want to let the display ad run or stop it Have to do it. Got it. But for now I I am not choosing any date. His Below we show you budget scheduling. You should leave this as it is. anything in it You don't have to do s. Give shows you There is audience control. Now look, I'm telling you this I will tell you that if your ad is totally new Isn't it new, it means you are adding on a new ad corner? You are driving. You are running your first ad. Ok? In that case, you select the audience, details Do targeting. But if your add code It is old, meaning it is six months old, 3 months old, in that case meaning you have already Ads have been running on it since then. Old means this It is not that you have used last year's ad code. It is made. But no ad ran in it. Not there. No old means that How long have you been running ads on it? Ok? So if you have been adding on this for three-four months You are driving, right? So in that case, if you Even if you don't choose audio, it Completely fine. Because the Andromeda update After that it doesn't matter that much. Is. Your entire focus should be on your above the creatives, above your ad copy, Rather than audiences on your budgeting. Targeting. Ok? This entire sector Meta is managing himself. Now in the audience Too many options in detail targeting There are. Broad targeting, open Targeting, Narrow Targeting and Interest Based targeting. Ok? all this There are different targeting methods. Now I'll tell you if you don't know Is. So now whenever you click on audience control You click on audience control, right? Meta showing location options. Ok? Now you choose the location here. Now Don't think you've already found the location. Made it into the rule set. Then again the location Why target? Look, we made it A rule set. Meaning, we have given this rule to the matter It was said that our ad should not be on this budding. This has to be shown. That is, we have set the criteria Had set it. But we have that location as it Is it not selected? Ok? You location You will have to select it again. Ok. Meaning The point is that you create the rule set or You don't make it. That doesn't matter. To you Separate location or still have to choose. And there are many people who are I don't even know how to choose the location. Meaning They don't know what to select first. Then what to select. I Let me tell you. Whenever you do location targeting So what do you do? First of all you You have to choose the country which is bigger. His Below you have to enter State or Province. donation You have to do cities. And if you get DMS Designated Market Place You can do that as well in areas. Ok? Meaning that is a matter for later. So the point is that Don't do what you've been doing before. Lahore and then you are doing Pakistan. No Never do that. Ok? Choose a country first Have to do it. Then you narrow it down. Have to keep downgrading. Ok? We call this There is proper right location targeting. Correct Is? So you are going to choose this. and when You should also choose different CDs, so You have to make sure that the radius of Right, that should be 25. That means you have a lot It is not that you can choose it unlimitedly. What are you doing. You have to lay down the radius. End What is radius? The radius is Round area in a circle. Ok? 25 of 25 This means that 25 km. in circle Meaning there is a point in the center of the city The center is around 25 km from there. Km Ok? You target that entire area You spread your ads all over that area. You show it. And I will suggest you one One point here is that if you have your Business is such that you get high Need ticket clients. If you need high Value Buying Goods. Ok? Meaning Joe High You have paying clients and you have to pay them. Have to target. So what are you going to do? You target the city. near the city Inside are locations such as DHS become different societies or There are different elite class areas. Ok? You must target there. Select them separate separate. like this What happens is that your particular People can see it. Ok? This you Definitely try it once. End Matter Edge's All About Testing. Ok? Different Creatives, Locations, Audience and a Lot More Peacock. There are no rules in this. I I can't say if my closing The brand has generated so many sales by doing this. Neither will you get it. I can't see that. Yes It may come but there is no rule because You have to test it yourself Particularly for business. Ok? So After the location, we will show you below Advantage Plus Audience. Advantage Plus Audience. What does this mean? Let me tell you. Look, earlier there was no option in the matter. Of the audience. Just Audience Targeting. Correct Is? And there were two options inside it. Manual targeting or Advantage Plus Audience. Ok? And you used to decide that Which one do you want to choose? But updates What happened after the changes? What did Meta say? Did you do it? Eliminated the manual altogether Is. And now you just see the advantage Plus audience. And I recently told you It is said that wherever you look Advantage Plus option. what does that mean It happens? AI. Meaning Meta's AI Decides Decides who should see your ad. End That Is Where Andromeda Came. Meaning Andromeda itself means that your ad It should be shown to the right people at the right time. Ok? And who is doing all this? Meta's Joe There is AI on the back end that is doing all this work. Is. NVD and AI machine learning all this Some. Ok? But still we are here for something Let us give our suggestions. Meaning we do something about it Let me tell you the targeting. Bha my clothing If it is a brand then you can buy clothing etc. Appearers should be given women's clothing or Target the engaged operation. Now Now Now you will say that if Advantage Place The audience is the one who decides everything matter wise. Used to be. So why should I tell him the keyword? So the keywords that you mention are at least That is not targeting. that is Suggestions. Meaning, you say to Meta that These are my suggestions. Look at this once. If Meta likes it, she will He takes the target. If he doesn't think so Does not target. Got it? I hope you You must have understood. Now the audience is Appears within your ad codes. that is Advantage Plus Audience. means meta Deciding who to show the ad to And I don't want to show it to anyone. And whatever you You choose gender, age and targeting. That is all suggestions. Ok? So let's go madam. Give suggestions. How will you give it? You simply Click on the audio suggestion which It is optional. You have to click on this. Now here you see three things. Ok? Age, gender and detail, targeting. Ok? In age we are showing you 18 to 65 plus. People under 18 won't see your ad. Will come. So, here you can see I have I chose 18. And I think it's the best You will get the idea in this. That means your In business, that your business has the right audience Which one is it? Let's talk audience types of. Ok? And Metaborn has three types There is an audience of . comes in number one Detail targeting, interest based Targeting. Ok? what we call Core audience. Ok? Which you yourself completely Do you decide? Custom comes in seconds Audience and third is look like. Ok? And among all these audiences, the most The most important thing is that the best audience is It can bring the best results. that is Custom audiences. And let me explain. End A lot more in the audience after the rot update It is no longer important. It is. You You can still do targeting. But you are You can't say that if your audience is wrong Yes, you haven't targeted the audience correctly. That's why you're not getting sales. you therefore Leads are not coming. So good for you The results are not coming. This is not right. Ok? You can't say this at all yes. Yes, this thing used to work earlier. But right all This is not working. Now if your The creatives are bad, isn't there some problem with that? Is. The hook in it is not good. His The quality is not good. Ok? in that There are no variations. Then you can say that Yes, that's why my ad is not performing well. Has been. So I hope you understand will be. The audience doesn't matter much. Has been. So this is a complete brain storm. Finish doing it. And all the focus now shifts Do it for the creatives. And if you If you don't know about creatives then I will tell you. I will give it. Creatives speak media To. Image carousels on which you run ads yes. Ok? We call it ad Creatives. You put all your focus on that Is. Ok? But still I will explain to you I will do his typing. what-what Is there an ad? You have to decide which one to use and when. If I talk about the core audience, which is The first type is interest-based targeting. In this you choose three things. Edge, Gender and interest based targeting. Correct Is? Detail Targeting Keywords You Choose Do you. You can see it as per your own accord. Because you can run a business with no lets Whatever you are doing, you are scoring runs, you are quite Time should be within it. You Know Better Yours Customers, your audience. So, you can use your Choose according to your age group. If I If I talk about my suggestion, then I will tell you this I would say that if you are selling some product Yes, then you have to maintain a minimum age, that Should be 20 or 25. Ok? right on top of it Please Keep. Because most people buy things do, make decisions or anything Like online payments etc. are done by Sara You can say something only till almost 25 It happens that it happens. You can change your According to. It's just my small suggestion. Apart from that, if you look at gender Who do you want to show the ad to? Man to or To women. And one more thing, it's not like that here. You think that you have selected a woman. Took. So now the meta is only for your women Will show. I will not show it to the man. As such Does not happen. By default, there is no meta in The percentage is like 10% 20% which is By default your ads will also be visible to women. If you have targeted just man, right? Women will also see your ad. If Just Women has been targeted, so it is not that just Women should see men by default and look It comes. So if you want to reduce this I just told you recently You can apply that value set rule. They It helps a lot. And you are with him You can do very precise targeting. Below that we show you the details Targeting. Here Na Meta is divided into three types. Different: Here you can choose from three different bases. You can target above in which you Demographics then Interest and Behaviors OK and Not very much across demographics Targeting happens in deps, you financial You can see life events parents Relationship Work Field of Study School Under graduate college students and many others Something you can target here is life. Inside events you can see that away From Family Away From Hometown Birthday Key On the Basis of Friends On the Basis of Friends And if you are selling something expensive Yes, the cost of which is very high. Ok? You are selling a value high luxury product had been. Ok? high value product In this case, you get the option to But do targeting on that basis also. Correct Is? You get no option in meta. You just have to target the read class. So here you target that you are Buying high-valued products or people who R interested high valued products. Ok? something like this something like this you You can do targeting. Ok? After that Here we show you hobbies. Food and Drinks, hobbies, activities, shopping, Technology, politics, a lot more options. Ok? You should study this carefully at your desk. You can do it. You can see that your business Which is relevant to this? And One More Again Look at the thing you're researching, you To whom you are giving suggestions, these are just suggestions. Is. This is not targeting. This is actual There is no targeting. Repeating that again. Because this is very important. Ok? What was there before the update was that the word you Meta Kid used to target him only. I used to show it. But this is not happening now. Now The word you target is this is just Suggestions. Matt is just by your side na a Takes suggestions or recommendations. Balance He has to do the targeting himself. Add him only to whom Meta feels that There is the right audience. Got it? Because of the meta AI is working on the back end of That Eye Explain you already. Ok? If you have If you haven't seen the section then please do it once. Check it again so that you get a clear cut idea Lets do it. That's when I told you about Andromeda first I explained it to you later. Not facing letter on problem again and again Fell. Got it? Ok. So once you Targeting kar li ko audience like you say You can now do interest-based targeting correctly. There would be no and narrow sub-targetings within this. Broad targeting open Targeting, narrow targeting, now what is all this? It's very simple, I'll tell you. Broad targeting means that you Surface targeting at a very broad level You do it, okay, you add big keywords You can do it, let me tell you with an example. since you are doing shoes sale na shoes sale If you want to do it, what will you do? Shoes Online Shopping Engages Shoppers Buyers, just use these three or four keywords. You will target it. This is very broad, you Do you target? Ok? And if you If you want to narrow it down, you go even narrower. Meaning you pursue their hobbies within it. You do their life events. their What is the status? their demographics What is there? their interests and what Are they inside the thing? You are on his base You target from above by going into depth. Ok? And This Is What We Called Narrow Targeting. And another one opens Targeting. In open targeting, neither you Mostly you don't do any targeting. You You just choose your gender and you choose your age. You choose. Ok? means very open Do you live? Got it? So the current thing right now If I change your ad account, Totally Brand If it is new then you should do the production Targeting or detailed narrow targeting. Ok? Both of these work. But If your ad account is old, it means almost Is it six months old or longer? You are running ads on him, right, in that case You can do open targeting here. Will it perform best or just your age and gender? Choose etc. nothing else I will do it. Ok? This will also work better. And if you have a custom audience, I also I will come towards him. Ok? Now Let's Talk About custom audience which is the second type. Now custom audiences mean that you You give Meta an audience, you give it data. yes. I mean, these are the people, the list is complete. His Inside their name, their email address, their Phone number, their location, city all inside it It happens. Ok? You give this to Meta. Brother These are my people. Target them. Meaning You give 5000 people to Meta and you You say that you want to show the ad only to them. Its Don't show the ad to anyone else. This is What we call custom audiences. from the example Let me tell you. Let's say my name is Instagram There is an account. Ok? There are 5 followers. 6000. Now I want Meta to just Target only. Show ads only to them. Who are those people now? Custom audiences. End Because these are the people who Already aware of the brand. Your He must have visited the store. I have already purchased it from you. Your Websites can be your followers. Your There may be store visitors. means this is you You can speak. There are people who are They are already familiar. to your brand You must be knowing. You know them. Ok? So converting them is very simple. It happens. Meaning if you add these people You will show who your followers are. Let me explain with an example. Let's say I don't I am selling a course on Meta AIDS. Ok? Consider this course to be paid. I make a sale I have been. If I take this course in my only Show it to my followers. your only If I show it to the subscribers, there is high There is a chance that they may say goodbye. because I Those people already know. He gave me He has seen a lot of my videos. Are. And they know how I am mine What is the method to explain? I kiss I will tell you in this way. He knows me. So Now the chances of conversion will increase. Right, right? And this is a very obvious thing. On the other hand, if I take my same course I should show this ad to people who know me. There is no one who is a completely cold audience. Ok? And maybe that's the first time If you see my ad, they skip it. I completely ignore it. Ok? Because They will not be interested at all. know me It is not there at all. So this is Power Custom Of the audience. I mean, those people who already know you You know who doesn't have you in their mind? There is an image. Your brand image would be Is. Your personal brand is in their minds. It happens. And converting those people is Really simple. And there are many reasons not to make this. All options are there. You can get a customer list. Ho to Meta. You can choose website visitors You can. You can get it from Instagram. End There are a lot of options here. Ok? you here You can also see it. I hope you have an idea Must have been paid. And yes, if you want a custom audience If you want to target then make sure that your Website and Pixel installed. Pixel Plus Conversion API. Ok? You will need this for your Will have to put it in the store. in case you want To target custom audiences. Ok? I hope you like the idea of custom audiences. It must have happened. How to make it. Correct Is? And it is very simple to make. You don't have to make it. Pixel Attach Do it. You get the audio automatically. And one option is that you can use Pixel Take out the through audience. Ok? Your custom Audience. The second option is that you You can manually edit this meta on your customer list. You give it to which you add your first name, Last name means full name. Ok? Email Address and phone number. These are enough. And these details are not enough. Its Also if you want to know the zip code, location, country If you want to give etc. then it is best. Give Two. Ok? But if this must happen Needed Ok? You can save all of that to CSV or You can add it in text format. End Upload it to Meta. And that's it. him you Use it. Meta then your adjust those people It shows only . And make sure that you Format you have PDF etc. or Doc etc. I don't have to do it. You did it in CS or Just upload it in text format. Ok? So now let's talk about the third type. And that is a look alike. Look-alike audiences means you are giving Meta an audience You give audience A. And you say what Kind of target audience for me. Ok? Audience B. Now talk to the example Let's take it. Let's have you have 1000 people. Ok? Data of 1000 people. these are the people who have already bid you farewell Is. Now you want that matter should not be discussed with these people. Target more people like these who have the same Be interested. Same like, same dislike, same Demographics, same hobbies, everything should be same. Correct Is? Meaning you want that the people I Those who targeted my ad first Look, I said goodbye to him. My custom audience The same people should not see my ad again. And other people like these should also see the ad. Ok? Because those people are few. You have 1000 people Is it just 500 or 2000, is it less? There are. Ok? You need more audience. That Case me na look like bahut best performance She does. Because there are 10,000 like them. Targets people. 20,000 people Targets it. Ok? the number increases Is. And the best part is they were the same people. are like your previous custom There was an audience. And this is also very best She performs. You can try this also You can. Ok? So let's talk now Of placement. But before placement I want to discuss one thing with you. You are seeing the updated Metoids crash. Course. So let's talk about some updates. Go. Look, ever since the Andromeda update came out After that, if you make this mistake, You are making multiple ad shots. had been. Meaning, let's start a campaign. Has driven it. A campaign has been run. In that you Have made three ad shots. and before each one I have made two or three ads. So this It is absolutely wrong. This is the structure It is absolutely bad. It should not be done this way. Why should I tell you? Okay, tell me one thing. Why do you make so many ad shirts? Meaning Why do you make three or four ads? because you You want to have multiple audio files. Go. I mean, you think, let's do an ad shot. Let me do detailed targeting. Custom Audience Targeting in an AdShot I will do it. I do a local one in one. This is how we do it or in one Let's do Advantage Plus. So don't do this. Meta herself has told Strictly that you Don't focus on your audience. You You have to shift your entire focus Over to the creatives. Ok? If duplicate You have to do it, you have to make multiple ads. If yes, then just make ads. Double up the add shirt There is absolutely no need to do it. and try Make sure there are only two ad shots, not maximum. Otherwise one is enough. one is the best He does perform. Ok? well then one We talked about the audience. The second big reason for this The reason for not making it is that you don't make it very Do micro budgeting? Micro You make segments of your budget. Suppose Your budget is Rs 5000 per day. Now you have When three or four ad shirts have to be made then each Will you give ₹22000 or ₹1500 budget to him? Give me each ad shirt. Ok? And this thing It causes a lot of destruction. I am not seriously Joking here. I am telling the truth. if you You spend a very small budget, right? This is not a good campaign at all. For. So try to stick to the same budget. Apply. Ok? A good and strong budget Should be. Ok? Even if it is less, it will do. Make a budget once. Ok? Multiple Budgets Don't have to make it. And this thing is yours I am telling this from experience. Ok? Now Like, if I talk about it now then you will have to drive A consolidation campaign is required. Consolidation The meaning of the campaign is very simple and plain. Is. This means that you are the same You create a campaign. only one ad shirt in it You make it. And you make multiples after that. AIDS. Now what will happen with multiple AIDS? You You make it in one using UGC content You take it. In one you use carousel. In one you use pictures. in one You were using another video. Ok? With another hook. So what happened now? Multiple The content has arrived to you. Now Meta Reach your audience through multiple content Can engage in the best way. good It can bring outcomes. Ok? Now the matter Let's do the placements. You first this Know what placement is? Placement means place. Ok? Now whenever you If you get ads on the mat then you will get placement. You have to choose. This means you select Do you know where your ad should be seen? At which places were they seen? Ok? On the story Appeared, Seen on Reels, Audience Network Came on, seen on Messenger, on Explorer You came, where did you come? Ok? You did all this yourself Have to decide. And this meta gives you two types of Gives the option of. Ok? One gives Advantage Press has an option end. Manual. Ok? And about three or four months ago The thing is. Then you could just show your ad. On Instagram, on Facebook, audience Network, Messenger & Threads. Ok? in You could show your ads on all platforms, You could have got it showcased. But just recently Meta has also added WhatsApp. Meaning, WhatsApp has a placement inside it. The new option has been added. Which is crazy. Just think about it yourself once. Meaning Jin Madam, he is showing your ad to people, isn't he? In the WhatsApp status of the same people Your ad will appear. How cool is that? Meaning Everyone sees the status. means 90% of the people So let's see the status because your Are in WhatsApp. And WhatsApp is like this platform that is hyper personalized Is. Meaning every guy must open it. Is. It must be opened once a day And will check. Ok? And now think about it If it is visible in your status. So From there, how big a chance is created that people Click there and send me a message And talk to you on WhatsApp only. At least something like convert ho jaye Or something like that. Ok? So this means it's big This is a good initiative. Ok? This must be a Try it once. In end placement There are two options: Advantage and Manual. Advantage Plus means that the meta AI will choose your placement. If means Meta thinks your story is good. It is visible. Ok? good performance If she does, it will show on your story. For him If you feel that it will not look good on the reel. If it performs well on reel then it will I will show it. Ok? Like wise. but if You choose manual, it doesn't have all the The control is in your hands, whether you To whom do you want to show your end and where? yes. You just have to choose the story, just I have to choose the reel. It's all up to you. Ok. And if you ask me, I will tell you this I would say that whenever you select the placement You just have to choose WhatsApp, Instagram and Facebook. Ok? the rest of which Audience Network, Messenger Threats, etc. Finish this. Select it at all Don't do it. And yes, with the meta update. According to WhatsApp status, you can not only You can show the same ad. That Must Be 30 Seconds. If your ad is longer than 30 seconds Neither your ad unfortunately WhatsApp It cannot be showcased on status. Meaning If your video ad is 2 minutes long It is for 1 minute, so you can add your WhatsApp You cannot show it on your status. if you Even if you select it, it will show an error. Ok? She will not be showcased there. So Make sure whenever you run your ad it You have to see that the time duration is 30 be less than a second. And the second thing is your The ad should be vertical. Ok? If your The ad is horizontal, even if it is square Your ad will not be visible. So its you Be very careful when you are creating an ad. yes. And if you plan to If you want to show your ad on WhatsApp status Make sure you're in under 30 seconds. Make. And its expectation ratio is That should be vertical. Ok? I chose it Done with Reel Stories and Feeds. Ok? So now I am telling you about the placement. Please look at it carefully and note it down. Do it too. You just have to choose Instagram, Facebook and WhatsApp. Correct Is? WhatsApp is completely off if you If you don't want to show advance then you can You can skip it also. Ok? But Facebook, Instagram are must haves. End Inside this also you have seen all the placements Do not select. You just choose There are Reels, Story and Feed. Ok? these three You have to choose. Because these three The location where your maximum audience is It happens and maximum people are here Let's spend time. So chance automatically Increases the chance of getting the best outcome The results can come. Ok? So make sure that You choose right here. Ok? So our ad The set is complete. I hope you understand I must have arrived. So let's talk about the conclusion Let's take Abstin because it's been done anyway. So I want you to have it in your mind that okay In this, this thing has to be done and this thing I don't want to do it. Ok? So you are number one too. This has to be a value set. Ok? If Are you having problems with your In placements. You are having a problem Within your targeting within gender. You are facing problem in the location. Ok? In that case, try this feature. It is the latest and updated. Definitely try this Do it. The second thing you do is break your budgeting. Don't turn it down. Ok? As much as 10,000 There is a budget, there is a budget of Rs. 1000, whatever it is, it is not one Put the bar. Ok? And yes, I will tell you I am the difference between CBO and [ __ ]. Ok? If you don't know what CBO & [ __ ] are It happens? So let me explain. And please don't get panicky. if you I feel like I'm saying something extra. So there is no such problem. You this Please watch it again. Ok? Very It's simple. Look, there are two types of campaigns. Are. CBO Campaign and [ __ ] Campaign. CBA stands for Campaign Budget Optimization And ABA means Adset Budget. Optimization. Now what is this? look at you This is the visible structure of the campaign. In this, first of all you see the campaign. Below you can see the adset. below it You are seeing AIDS. Okay? Now if you If you spend budget on the campaign then that entire We will call this campaign CBO campaign. End If you budget at the adset level, here If you select it, we will cover that entire campaign. The [ __ ] campaign will say it. Ok? Now the question Is that which one to run? means CBO good performs, [ __ ] performs well Is. What to do? If you then my structure You are following the campaign that is the same Campaign, same adset and further multiple ads. If you are following this then Look, it doesn't matter at all. Are you investing your budget in [ __ ] or CBO? But apply it, it will remain exactly the same. Because Obviously, there is only one ad shirt. So Then put it somewhere on the budget, put it on the campaign, Put the ad on your shirt, it doesn't matter. Going to do. Ok? But if you add multiple When you're building a set, you have two types of There are audiences. And you're wanting that you two Make a different ad shirt. In that case, I will tell you I would say that you should still run the CBO. Ok? Why is it like this? Because meta is better Idea MCB Ki Ki Ad Pe More You have to spend, on which ad should you spend less? Have to spend. So this holds meta. Just give it to me. And if your budget is very limited Yes, it is very little. In that case you can [ __ ] Earn Do it. Ok? Meaning it all depends upon Budgeting. If the budget is high, it is a good budget, If you are flexible then run CBO. If the budget It is limited, meaning you can give it normally. Will you run [ __ ] campaign and if you have my The structure to follow is one campaign at a time. You can use any adset. Doesn't matter, okay, now let's talk about the third one. level key that is add level in this we two we'll talk about important things okay one There's ad copy and there's an ad creative, okay. Let me tell you what both of them are. first thing Let's talk about ad creatives. Ok? Its means images, characters, pictures, Video everything. Ok? which I am giving you now I will show you how to make it. Ok? practically I will tell you everything from A to G. Help of AI. Ok? Let's talk about seconds. Copied it. These speak the text Primary text, headline, description Which you can see here in the ad. End If you remember, in the beginning, I I showed you the anatomy of a whole Facebook ad. of. Ok? Please check it again Take. In case you are facing any problem So. Ok? As soon as you come here Next, we will show you first. Name. Ok? What will you name the ad? You check it. You can choose any name. Below this we show you the partnerships AIDS. I learned this in the last course It was not discussed at all. But this time This is variant. And an update from Meta According to your mata, if you mat aids You use this while running partnership ads Ko means creators do integration Your ad is very best in your ads. She performs. Ok? there is high Chance means as much as your custom was before You can say that it can be double. Correct Is? How do I tell that? Let's talk first That's what partnership aids. Ok? Now It is written here Run AIDS with Creators, Brands and other businesses. These AIDS Leverage signals from both accounts Improve campaign performance. Now these two What does account mean? I tell Am. Ok? If you look at this reel of mine Almost more than 3 lakh traffic on this Meaning the views have come. Ok? and this Is not organic growth. These organically Have not come. This reel is this It was sponsored. And on top of this the brand added Run it through my partnership code. Ok? There is a partner ID, code It happens. The brand has to share that. And then they use it to run ads. And what happens with that? That AIDS is not yours accounts are also shown and their accounts There are shows on it too. Ok? End To customers through partnership ads It seems that perhaps this brand is It is this person's own. Meaning inflation Has its own brand. Ok? And They Trust Let's do it very quickly. And by this way There is a high chance that they may even say goodbye. Ok? How to use it? very much It's simple. First of all, you can download the video from that brand. Get it made. I mean, let's say there's an influencer, Any X Vaz. You tell him not me Make the video UGC content. Ok? You get the video. Now that the video If you get it then what do you do? So you You run ads on his videos. Ok? That You download the video and install it. You Basically you turn it on Partnership Ad To. Now they are showing you two options. Choose how to create your ad. Ok? one then Showing Enter Ad Code and Post Info. Ok? You can add the ad code. yes. I'll tell you what the code is. Is. and below it is showing select partnership. Ok? But you choose Enter add code. This is the best. Correct Is? You will click on this. From here Asking if you've seen your partner's Facebook Select the page or Instagram account. Ok? If the video of that creator If it is on Instagram then you can add its link Will you do it? If that creator's video is on Facebook But if it is there then you will add its link. Ok? So you have to take that link which is It is public only. You can add it here Click on Do and Next. Ok? Below it is asking you to add partnership code Do it. Ok? which says post ID Are. Then you select the business asset Yes, and you click on Request Review. You will do it and click on done. Ok? Then that person who is the creator reviews the request and He accepts it. like this way you use it You can run. What is the second option? That you add this pay code. Ok? His For this you have to simply click on it. Above. You click on Select Partnership. Will you do it? And here I am telling you that So you have three options. Ok? either You add the post ID. You can read his post Add the full URL or you can add the ad code Do it. Ok? So you're going to add that here. And this You can see the code here. showing ID Yes to you. Copy this ID. You and there Paste it. Ok? That's it. and this This is how you can run it. Got it? You have understood properly how to do this Have to use it. And if you want me to Separate details on partnership aids Let me make a video. How will I tell you everything from A to G? They run ads on it. so me Please do not comment. I am separate on this I will definitely make a video. Ok? Because if I run an ad on it right now If I sit down to do it, it will take a lot of time. Ok? So right now I don't want to Running proper ads. We will do this later. After that we show you the identity. In this you choose your Facebook page. Let's start with three or four Facebook pages. Are. Ok? Then you select yourself in that. People here on which you want to run ads Is. Below that you have to choose Instagram. Account of. Now I see red color That you won't run ads on Instagram because Selected account does not have profile Picture. Ok? So as soon as I add If the picture is not there then it will end and this error will occur. Will stop showing it. Ok? Ok. So, you Both things have to be selected. Below you Showing ad setup. Now here first Let me show you the format. means you kissed You have to run the ad in this way. And let me tell you One thing. There are many reasons to run No Ads on Meta. There are multiple formats. Ad Just Meta But they happen only. Ok? there are a lot of Platform TikTok Google Ads, YouTube AIDS and Snapchat AIDS, lots of AIDS Are. But the most common formats Are there ads, video ads or picture ads? They are above the meta. Meta gives you the option Allows you to show your ad on Crossall You can. You can create a catalog. you here You can use different pictures, images You can use it, you can post it, You can put videos. there are a lot of Options. So let's talk now How to create creators. Correct Is? If I talk about pictures, post Should I talk about this or should I talk about videos? These You can do both these things very easily with AI. You can. And look, that time is completely over. Done when you hire influencers used to do. Ok? You mean holding a mobile phone the end he started searching for Influencers on Instagram, TikTok and You I used to see that they also made videos from them. from these Get a video made. and influencer Then you used to pay a lot of amount. 10,000, 20, 30, 50. Ok? And then he You send the product to the influencer The video could have been found and it was so long Process and all this wait also ends There was no assurance that the video would be good. Is it possible or not? No, no surety, all this There's no time to do anything right now And there is no benefit in doing this. Ok? Because now the end of AI has arrived 2026 has arrived brother. Now do this work Leave it. I will speak for myself and I never talk about my clients. Haven't hired any reflectors yet From the last few months. This is what we did before Were. Ok? Hiring reflectors and so on. But right now we are not doing that. We all Working with AI is different With platforms. Ok? and one more Important thing as many platforms as I give you I will tell you in the video, maybe something in it It may be paid, it may be free. And mine is for someone There is no affiliation with. You directly Go to Google and try that platform. You can. Ok? If you followed my links If you don't want to go through it, then it's all your choice. Ok? Let's start. Look, first So, let me tell you about some major tools. I will give you the one which you are going to use. Ok? Ek to RGPT Jaimin aaye, Nano Make Ah then comes Kling AI And then comes Buddy AI. Ok? it There are some tools that can help you Battery for creating video images For. Ok? So let's start with your Favorite One Chat GPT. So this is me free I am using the one. you can see It is absolutely free. So now I don't have it It is a product. Ok? starting first By creating pictures. So first Let's start by making videos. So First of all, we will chat in step one. Will go to. We will call him Bhapt Generate it. And they'll take the print and have a The platform is that is by the name soya i. We will make a video through that. Sora Just I am telling you about a platform. Ok? You You can try clean. You Runway ML You can try it. there are a lot of Platforms. Ok? But not with all this The best results I have got is Sora. See you realistic. Very Realistic. Ok? Let's generate the script We do. So I have given its Q. I Want to create a UGC ad On My Pet Products By The Name. Now I I will copy his name and I will I will paste it. Ok? Ok. So then you have to tell him that I Give me its script. Ok? now give me script For my video. Ok? And you say this The script should be of 10 to 15 seconds. Ok? We get big scripts. Don't want it. We need just 10 to 15 seconds Have to make a video. And you have to tell him That the video and the script There should be engagement. Must have a hook And be eye catching. Ok? You have your Have to add it in the front. And you have to do this I need to tell you one more thing. whichever you Try making videos from the platform You must tell him his name, right? Is. Ok? so that according to him you Give a good pre-script. Ok? like I I generated it from Sora and named it Sora. I have given it. So this is done. Now you can see this You can find scripts here. Have already. The one with the pen point has arrived. Shock The reaction one has arrived. Problem The solving has arrived. Credibility and Emotion Wali. Meaning there are many. Ok? Now I am liking this one. just I will copy this. So I this I have copied it. Ok. So if you talk to me If you want to make videos then you should make good videos. You can do it with Swara. I already told you Told. And sora na just two countries It is operating in. Canada and USA. Ok? You can't use it anywhere else You can do it. If you also live in the UK Even then you cannot use this platform. You can. But there is no such thing as a problem Not there. You can use VPN. Ok? So I will use Urban VPN. Ok? Extension is not a Chrome extension Is. You can find it in your Chrome browser. Can install. And here you will find it on top. It is visible. And here I turned it on. Have taken it. Locations above are showing USA. For this you just click on play. Is. And it will connect. Ok? These It has been connected. Ok? Green showing Have been. Now I searched Saura AI Over Google. And now let me open it. Have to take it. Just have a look at this platform It has been opened. Ok? You click is above the login. create your account Take. If you're visiting for the first time, sign up. You have to click on For Free. but if You already have an account on this, then you You will click on login. Ok? Ok. Here It takes a few seconds to log in and so on. In. Ok? It's done. Now I show you You have to log in with Google. Ok? And I am using Sora Na for free. Completely free. And the funny thing is that I am using Sora absolutely free. Ok? I did not pay him any Is. Yes, if there is watermark in it then we will use it. I will remove it later. I will tell you How to remove it. Correct? So right now I Let me show you. This is showing you Describe your video. Ok? Below you It will be visible. What do you have to do now? whatever It is your product, you have given it its I have to take a picture. Have to take a screenshot. Here Have to upload it on . Click on Plus Button And from here your gallery would open. Is. And you can choose your media like this Is. I have chosen this picture of mine. Wali. You can buy the fraud whose ad you want. Choose it. Which I generated the chat script I did it and I have pasted it here. Ok? I'll add a line above with this. Create UGC Ad with Female Influencer Is Using the Product on Her Dog and Saying I told you next, okay, now it's simple. Do this, enter it and it will generate. I started doing it, you look at the side You can see that this is being generated correctly and this It takes some time, just a minute, okay hai roundabout ok so our video is ready It's done, I'll show you the video Ok Think my couch my close even my pillow but These Dissings But This Floating Hair Brush . You can check the No Pulling Nose video. How amazing you look and someone say It's impossible that you didn't make the video. I mean, is this a video or not? I am not feeling it, I don't know about it. You can do this by simply clicking on three dots. You can also download it to your gallery. I'm okay in that it has a flow and That is its watermark. Ok? Sora's You will see watermark. remove it How are you? I'll tell you one more Separately. And Sora who makes videos Its length is 10 seconds. Ok? You can find videos longer than 10 seconds here. It is not going to be available. If you like the video large If you want, you can collect three or four videos. Generate and save it in capital or any Merge it inside the tool and download it. Take. Ok? And you can use it. But I think the video is 10 seconds long Enough. If you are dropshipping or anything that counts If you are doing etc. then this is enough. End I didn't just generate a video. I have already done a lot of research on this platform. The video is generated. I will show you everything I am one by one. Hair Owners This Is Your Sign. The Floating Hair Brush Removes Instantly [music] and reducing. It's Affordable, effective and easy to clean. Bilo gob. Time I Left House. This brushing down. Stage clean. Cloth Clean and One Click Hair just. It Actually Works Shading Left. Did you see how I did everything The video has been generated. Ok? Now its You can search for watermark remover on Google. You will search Watermak Video Remover and You will see many websites. Ok? Open any one and you You can remove this. But again, whatever you If you open it, it will not be free. tree Must be. So you look again at what you Free means whatever you find a little cheaper You can try that. I did likewise I tried CVA but could not remove it. Of. But it was not allowing me. So on Canva You cannot remove it. Picture I may be from butt video from not doing You can. So for the video you have to do it separately Will have to do it from some other website. Ok? And don't do it like you're making a video with Sora. You are doing it and running ads on it. Ok? Maybe the matter will prove it. But When customers see Sora's use The logo is coming. Sora A will come, he will also. Then That trust of course you know it will Destroy. Your image credibility is all lost. Will be done. So please upload it at all. Don't do it. Ok? Sura's logo must Have to remove it. video with him Don't put it. Ok? Ok. ok I told you I told you about the video. Now let's talk Pictures End. Now let's talk about the images. And pictures. Ok? how did it come to be Can you? High quality stilling videos and pictures. Only pictures. Ok? images I am talking about. For that you simply came Have to go here. Click on this Google With or then click on jammin' I. I It has been opened. I have installed GPT sura free I have used it. Ok? You must have seen. My Sara account was completely free. GPT's was absolutely free. Butt Jammini It is not free. This is a tree. Ok? Pro There is a plan. You can see. Showing here Are. And you will have to buy this. because It doesn't work well for free. Leave it at good work, it doesn't work at all. Ok? If you go with its free plan If you try using Nano Pan Pro This will not work. If you make pictures She will not be good. Ok? So you I will have to say goodbye to this. Ok? and anything There is no sponsor. Please don't say that I I am doing something sponsor. It's not like that. Ok? So you can see it here, it's shown here Raha Hai Nano Banana Is Now On Jamminar 3 Pro. I have jamminar 3 Pro Above I have both good videos and pictures I can make it. Ok? But now I will give you I will show you how to make a picture. even you You can also try VO 3.1. i you I will try it and show you. But first the picture Let's try it. Ok? you can see Yes, you are showing me the image of Nano Banana. Let's generate this. Ok? So first Of all what should I do? I have a p Have to generate. Ok? And you and I I have not done Prot Engineering. Us I need good proof. Ok? through it Get it generated. How will you do that? look at that Let's take it. Now simply you printed on it Have to enter. I want to create a post For my product on which I can run AIDS. Ok? I have told him this. Give me propons for generating images. Ok? I entered it. Now this has made me Look what you have generated and given? This made me Ad creative generation has been generated Of. This gave me a complete website. It has been generated and given. Ok? One The entire app has been generated. Now this has me I will tell you my requirements. means me what are the requirements? My product name What is? What is the description after that? I will fill everything up. And this is the best for me Generate and give the product. And this thing to you Cannot be obtained for free. You have to pay for this You will have to take it if you want it. Ok? Now I will give you a complete live picture. I will make and show you a product Too. Ok? And let's get started. Ok? As you can see here you can see Generates pro-level AI image prompts For your ad instantly. First ask like this The product category is. means your There is a physical product, you are providing a service, Yours is mother-in-law, food beverage or fashion. Correct Is? So my saying right now is fashion and I want to go to Peerial. So I I chose fashion. Now I have to add the name of the product. Ok? So I don't buy any product from Amazon. I take it and we generate its image. Are. Ok? So I did skin care. Typed the products on Google. Ok? So right now I got it from Amazon. Have to open it. I just generate you I am telling you that it is actually generated What kind of thing is it? Ok? And you can Try This For Your Brand. If any of you Someone who is doing dropshipping And this Matt is watching the AIDS course, so I would tell you that by running AIDS First please test your product once See if he's a true or winning guy. Or not? Because what happens many times? We use ads very well. Correct Is? Let's do the marketing properly. But Ultimately, our product has so much There is no potential for it to be a sale. Could. Ok? So how to check it? There are many different methods. End Many people do manual research. live. Ok? And wasting time live. By the way, I am complete on dropshipping It's a crash course. Must watch this once Take. This one. Ok? You have everything in it You will find out how you won. Have to find the product. Ok? But still I I am going to tell you about a platform which It is very incredible. And from here Winning in a very short time You can remove the product. And this The platform is well runaround. You probably have You might have heard it too. By the name Zik Analytics. This platform is well runaround. Might B It's possible you've heard this before. Ok? In this you can cover every niche in very less time. You are going to release the winning product. Ok? You can see its interface. I honestly had no plans to add this. Of. But I know that many people are doing dropshipping and they There are a lot of problems in marketing. Are there. So I thought why not Let me tell you the platform. Ok? Who That is going to help you. Now this is its There is a dashboard. You can see it here shopp And you can find the best products from EB yes. You can take out trendy products. You can check the best stores. Ok? There are a lot of options here. You here Product research tool is available. Then you can do competitive research. Correct Is? You can buy comparators, buy ads You can do this by tracking Shopify shares. You can. And check this option. Dropshipping Product Finder. Ok? You will definitely get the best products from here. Will go. We will also show you their price. How many sales is it getting? Ok? They Which store does the product belong to? Everything You Can See Here. And if I If I talk about AIDS then here you can talk about AIDS. You can spy too. Correct? Meta AIDS, YouTube, Instagram aids. Ok? TikTok AIDS Now you can see it. Ok? here You simply have to login on this. You have to create an account. I simply did this You have logged in to the platform. Ok? This is my dashboard. Its dashboard It is very clean. Ok? You See Everything can be made very clear to you. Showing the cut. Showing you on the side There are trending shop stores. Ok? Who The stores are quite top trending. whose Sales are coming in very high. You all You will find their links. and in Showing you trending in between Products. Showing you sales here Are. How many orders have arrived? Ok? What is the number of sales? Product link Everything is visible in his picture. Correct Is? So once you just test it here, Just check what you are selling. Is that thing available here? Is that The thing we're showing here is its sales How much is coming? Or she's not Trudy again. Correct? Please try this once Take. Double check it. And if you Exactly, just now you're starting, this is Best platform. Ok? this once Please do check. I will show you the options here. Of Product Explorer. On this you By clicking and adding your filters You can produce any kind of product. from lats You want to go to a particular category had been. You only need his products Have to check. Ok? In that case, you don't Come here. Add your filters. Choose the category. Check the number of sales And all that. Ok? Country Language Sub You can choose something. lagao flutter and Get your product list out. Ok? And then you can check your product in this List. This tells you that the product Which country do you belong to? Correct Is? Which country is this from, USA? Is it from India or whatever? Ok? Ahead You will see his prices everything they are showing. There is not much to see on this platform. Is. Do explore it yourself once. Give. Once this platform Added it to the description. Ok? This Definitely try it. Ok? So, here I see a product. I this I will choose. Ok? So, I did this I have chosen the product. Now what is simple me Will I do it? I will copy its like title. Take the description and paste it there. We give. Ok? So let's do that. I I have copied its title. Product Name And pasted it there. Now Showing me this in the description About This Item. I will copy all this. Ok? Ok? This also got copied. end paste Let's do it there. I will give you magic I am going to show it. You can't believe it yes. I will not even provide pictures of the product. of. Ok? I just its title and I will give the description. And whatever appears Not from that point I texted him a line From this I will generate the entire picture. I am not going to give the picture of the product. Let's see. Ok? So I targeted out I added women to it because of women. It is a product. I have added him. Now Asking me for a V vibe. what is it to you Want studio quality? In lifestyle Want luxury style? Elegant Luxury Needed? Ok? I chose luxury Is. Now click on generate prep. Ok? This In a second print has been generated. End It gave me three or four prints. Different-different styles According to. Ok? it gave me Creative style. give me this life style Gave it. Stop Scrolling in Use End There are many. Now I'm making a copy I am going to generate prompt na picture. I generated the product from Gemini. Picture I will generate nano from banana. Ok? Let's start. I printed a copy I did it. I have come here. Ok? Now I simply clicked on it. I opened Jammini again on a new tab. Done it. I pasted it here completely to Prt. Now you just have to simply click above Enter. Now this is showing Nano Banana loading. Now it will take some time, tick load end Then it will get ready. Ok? Now I give you I will show you the outcome. Just have a look on this Picture. Check out this picture, how many of you She looks amazing. You saw me have someone I have not given him the picture. I just did Have you given it to him? Prop's line. And this Exactly if you look at this product And the product is on Amazon. It's exactly the same. The color is same. Packaging beans Is. Style Everything Is Totally Same. Correct Is? And it looks so static. Looks like luxury. this thing if you Cwa me banaye sith na it takes a lot of Time. Even more on Photoshop It will take time. And I just promised this I have done it after seeing it. Let's make another bean of the product. Ok? I did another print I have copied it. And now I'm adding Q. Now create another image of the same Product. Here is the Prot. Ok? I It has been given a prompt. I copy I will take it from there. And I will paste it here I will give. Ok? It's done. Now I this I have entered. Now look at it showing are loading Nano banana pro nano banana pe All this is being generated. OK it will take a few seconds and have a Look at the results. You can see how many You look crazy. Like this picture No, it is completely different from the previous one. End If you put a picture like this in the store Yes, you put ads on your website. If you drive it, it performs quite well. Can be. Right? Let's try some other product now. Are. Correct? This is what we did with skin care. I have talked about it. Now pictures on a t-shirt Learn to make it. I have bought the T-shirt. And what will you do now? Simple you, what we You just generated the print box, right? Inside we enter all the details. Product name, description, target Audience and that's it. Ok? Then we click will generate print over and our The copies will be ready. And look at the prop Don't try to give it yourself at all. Because we are perfect engineers at all Not there. We have no sense, good To give a prompt. You also experienced this It has to be generated. Ok? and that We will make videos through Propont. Let's make a picture here. Correct? by myself Q. Do not give it at all. Even I I should talk about myself in my day. You can say this more than YouTube I use four gp. Still I pretend myself I don't give it. I also prong from four gpin I will get it generated. Ok? So you do the same thing do it. So look, I copied it all. It has been pasted. Target Audio Main Main I kept it because it is a men's t-shirt. End I also added studio quality vibe to it. I have made my choice. Now Click on Generate Prints And I have received the products. Ok Just have a look on this one. Ok? fraud I have got it. We will copy this. Our simple picture is ready. Correct Is? You can see its quality. You can see how crazy she looks. And the four pictures of the T-shirt that were there, right? The beans are shown here. Meaning I He was not told that this is a picture of this kind of like this like whatever. And this Copied it exactly. This is the Magic. You can see how much next Things are working at the level. Now another one Let's try the same product. Correct Is? I have made the prom different. His I told you the expectation ratio. I This was called a complete design. Classic Has signature, vintage finishing. End It's generating now. Ok? you can see The outcome is the summer season. And all this Are showing. Ok? This is hanging Is. Everything is here. You understand how high quality it is. Ultra realistic you videos and images You can create it. Ok? I have no Didn't go to the studios. I have no cameras Have not bought it. I bought a product I have not made pictures of it. Ok? What did I do? Just prep line. End That's it. Ok? Let's try on the shoes now. We do. Why do I say different things? Am I trying? Because I just want to Show you that you can sell any product like this You can create it from. Ok? Not so That you can do just for skin care. It's applicable for all categories. Ok? So I have taken the shoes. Again its title Let's copy it. and its description And so on, they take everything. It is the same process. I repeated the whole thing Is. And Pret came in front of me. Prt I I will paste it here. Now See the Picture of Shoes Just See It feels so good. Right like this If you apply Crozzle on pictures You make and run ads and perform very well. Will do. What will I do now? Now I am a Post lungi shoes ki google se. I this I would say that by not making me like this Two. Ok? So let's take a look at that. So I searched for the simple shoes post. On Google. And it sent me a lot of posts. I have shown it. Now grab a post from here. Are. Ok? Just have a look on this one. I have taken a screenshot of this. Ok. Now I have given it to Jaimini To. I told him to take my shoes Replace it in this. Now let's see what It is created. I added print inside it. Ok. I have now generated one more image like reference One to generate shoes. Ok? Ok. So now this is generating. Just look at the shoes and the Post. Ok? Meaning I need to go over the cava There has been no need for . All I got from here Have done. It's looking. So I gave you I made pictures and showed them to my sister-in-law. And Nano Banana from Pro. I….to you Taught me how to make videos with Surai. Correct Is? So, all the problems have been sorted. Is. I told you how to watch the video You can make it and how to create a picture You can. All is done. Ok? But still Here are some more platforms. Like Sora Not there. There are lots of other platforms Which you can try. If you have complete Want a list of all the AI tools you need? Helps with video and images To create neither course nor please Don't watch till the end because at the end you I have brought a gift just like the last one and But this gift is not more special than that. This is a very updated one in which all Latest Tips and Strategies Coming Soon There will be latest updates and also that Don't look at me till the end of the list. If you don't want to miss this then join the course. Complete definitely, do it and also Subscribe me right now okay let's go now Let's move to the next one as I generated Did you complete the prompt box for the image? Generation. Same like this for you videos You can get it generated. So let's try making it Let's take it. I gave it to him. Like This one generate one for video generation. Correct Is? I mean, I said this. Ok? So this It is ready. You can see it here Showing video ad generation. Ok? I mean, what is going to happen here? Video The ad will not be made. Prompt video aids Will be generated. And look, it's very It matters more. If your receipt It is not good. If you don't tell the AI Are you wondering what to make? so how could you Think he can generate good? It's Not possible. So first you have to make a print I need to learn how to make prints. Are. And this is not rocket science. Very It's simple. Now here we are telling that generate Prompts for Runaway ML Piccadilly in Sub For platforms, please visit here You can get it generated. again same process Copy the product name. Description Copy it and then add action here Have to do it. Ok? So now I will do the same process I am going to repeat it. Same meaning in title I will give it an end description Am. I will call it motion. Motion means that What I want in the video. Ok? Meaning I want someone to be running away. Meaning A lady was seen wearing it in the video. You are looking at the product. Like What I Am Wanting in the video. Right? that motion I will tell you that this is actually a motion. Correct Is? Below we will tell you its meaning. What should the expectation ratio be? Do you want vertical, horizontal or Needed in the sphere. Ok? You will tell everything This. I copied the title And done it here. Ok? Now Copy and paste it into the description I will give. These are the shoes I want. That I am not running wearing these shoes. Ok? Now actually I have added it man Wearing these shoes and running. Ok? Meaning In this you will tell that in actuality you What do you want? What type of video should it be? Needed Ok? So I added that. Camera moves are shown below. You add it to You can do slow zoom in or static zoom Are you looking for a tracking shoot? Have to add cinematic. means what are you Wanting? Actually. Ok? You will choose that. So, I've made my choice here. Cinematic pan. And what are the views saying? Do you want it? I added the photo Ristic. Ok? There is 3D as well, you can also do animation. You can create luxury commercial ads as well. You can do it. means anything you can choose Here. Choose the ratio below. I that I have chosen. Now I clicked Above generated video prt. Now what is received You will get it on any platform, right? You are going to use it. And this will work super Ultra realistic. Ye Prat Na Local It is not a normal phenomenon. And these prets And you also cannot give it. Ok? These AI generated by . Extraordinary Prt. Ok? If you generate such prints You will tell him everything separately, right? So your outcome is going to be amazing. Going to do. Copy Apron and give it to Sora, Give it to Gemini, give it to Kling. a lot of Tools. Right? Whatever tools you understand The ones you think are the best come, right? It is going to happen, everyone should see it. End I am not in the description of the videos I will add the links in which I have written this Here's how you can create AI videos. You can, how can you make UGC aids. Ok? Please watch all the videos one by one Definitely watch it. I went into great detail It has already been told. Ok? Buddy's It has been told. I told you about Heijn Is. There are a lot of tools. Ok? Please must see him. Ok? I I don't want to repeat the same thing again I am here because I already have details on this. There are videos. I did a lot of creative work We have discussed in depth how to make it Yes you are. And let me explain one more thing that if you're going to get creative No. So you can create different types of creative You can. Ok? In which UGC comes Content that features an influencer. Meaning, any male or female can ask about your product. I am telling you. And the best address What is it? If you are not dropshipping You are here, right? You have your own private level. If you have your own brand then please do it yourself. Make videos. Your own brand ambassador Become. And you know I'm my own I am going to launch the brand at a private level Having my own manufacturing complete It is about to happen. Everything should be mine. Ok? And the brand that I will market I will do everything myself. Marketing is Obviously I will do it myself. I am Talking about content, videos, ads. all I will make it myself. One single video each. Correct Is? So if I can make it, why can't you? Can't you make it? please get up and make Your own videos. Every day if you give one or two When you make videos, how much content is there? It gets created. And if you are a camera Well, there is no problem. You family I'll look at someone else. means someone is with you Anybody who can make content, look at them and They will make the content good and give it to you. Because look, if you are building your own brand You will do marketing and make videos yourself. So people trust more. to the people It happens that yes, this guy is telling it himself. About your brand. Someone flashed Has not done any PR. Someone gave Flusser The work has not been done by paying some money. It Looks Legit Authentic. And on Instagram Countless are such brands, such pages. who are marketing their own brand Are. And they are getting 100 of orders Every single day. So brother, so many people When they are already doing it then why don't you Can you do it? Please do try it once. What will he do? Your marketing budget Can save. If you use air tools You don't want to do it. especially if you You are doing something in Pakistan. Dubai I am doing something in that case you I don't want videos in English. you want If you make a video in your own language Who can make it better than you? Make it yourself. Correct Is? Stop paying for End Flash. This Will not be worth it any more. Ok? These The thing isn't going to work that well. I hope you have understood how much It is important. Marketing Yourself Branding. Right? And my no A complete crash course on branding It is coming very soon in which I will tell you I'll tell you how to build your own brand. You can. From your small brand to How to convert into the ultimate brand yes. This course is just for mat aids. So I can't say that about it Because a very long ending can be boring. So I will make a separate video for that. if you If you are interested, subscribe to me now. Take it if it is not done otherwise that quality You will definitely miss the content. Ok? So let's get back to the course. Now Our creative work is over. Is. Let's talk about ad copy. Ok? After that we are showing you below here Add copy. Primary will be visible here Text, Headline and Description. Correct Is? Ok? So, first you should watch this ad. Showing you primary at the top The text you are going to add here. Below that, you see it in bold. That is the headline. And below the headline you'll find Showing description. Ok? To you You have understood, right? means where what is to come and most of all It is important, isn't it, it is yours primary text because it is at the top If customer means first of all this He will only see it and read it if it Some attention-grabbing lines are written Amazing hook written something there offer ad If it has been done then obviously people have a say in it Attention is something that can be lost and people can be left alone. You can also do this or read this post by Hook So make sure that you are private Add a very good tax and you Don't add yourself again, you are not That expert, you can use GPT yes. Ok? And how did you do well? If you want to give it then please end the course. See till then. Because I will share my cheat Sheet with all of you. And in that I put all Something is written. I mean, how do you You can give a good prom. And you simply Do not copy and paste the print to your Get the best ad copies for yourself in the browser You can. Ok? And here I am going to give you some I will tell you the tools. like you can use Gravity Right. You can also use ads Copy.io and you can also use Chat GPT. Ok? You can use all the tools. And all these are free. There is no tree. So don't think that I am sponsoring everything. It's free. Ok? So let's talk first Are of primary tax. Ok? So For primary tax you have Simple GPT I have to go to You have to promise that I I am selling x waji product please generate Best Ad Copy for My Product in which you Write it and include the headline description. End private text. Ok? All this you You will tell him. And please don't mention this in it. What is your offer? Ok? Offer only Now let me explain it to you. from lats Meaning you are selling something and you earn 25%. Turned it off. If you don't turn it off, you'll be doing something bye One gets and free are you giving or you time You are adding urgency. Time Urgency Meaning you are saying that there is a limited time Offer means the price of this particular thing Till this time the donation is less but it will increase. Ok? In this way you have to add every ad please In. And if you are running a sales campaign So do must add your offer. very important it occurs. And in private text, your It should be almost seven to eight lines. It happens a lot. And you should try this Please add the link of the website. if so Do not add your WhatsApp number. Ok? Some? Give me a hashtag. Add it. No end hashtags If you do it then there won't be much problem. It is going to happen because it is not even mattering that much. Is. Ok? And all you have to focus on is Na that should be on ad copy and ad Creatives. Ok? Showing you below Headline. Headlines are basically ball text. It happens. Now you have to add what you want to This is your offer. Ok? From Let's you just You will add that if it is turned off. Ok? That Like anything you add or anything like that pen Point anything such hook words attention Gaping Words. Ok? So you added him Have to do it. And make sure that his only There should be three to four words. such a long Don't add lines. No paragraphs Start making it. only add three to four Words in headline because that's a bit of an eyesore It comes. If you make a very big ad then Your dots will show. means that right now It is continuous. So you don't have to do that. The description below it is showing it You can also skip. This is so much It is not important. But you can Add. Ok? Don't add it. but if Even if I don't do it, there won't be much problem. Not there. The website is shown below URL and display link of . if you Are you running an awareness campaign or sales? You are running a campaign. In both these cases, no You must add your wafer link Does matter. Ok? Link to the wafer The URL is showing above, copy it here. Paste it. But on display link you What is the plan? You just need to pay for your wafer. I want to add a name, dot ahead of domain add meaning You have to add the domain in it. Correct Is? Do not add www. http also not added to do. Only Web Ka Name Dot or Dot Slush I Dots or dotorg anything. Showing below Car to action cta and this is variant. Please do not make any mistake in this. CTA Too It is important. Bottom right of your ad There is a button added on it which is written is a call to action. Meaning the customer sees your ad What action will you perform after seeing it? Bye Now I will do it. Will order now. Message Learn More means whatever. Ok? Get Tickets Is there anything else or fill the form? means you are here You are going to add what the customers will do. Clients are going to do it. Ok? their Will perform action. So here if If it is an awareness campaign then you can add Learn More Will you do it? If there is a sales campaign, you can place an order You can add now or shop now or buy now You can add it. Ok? And at last you Shows creative testing. And this is Also new feature. It wasn't there before, just now Recently added. In this they are showing We compare up to five different variations of Your creative in a test. that has insured Delivery to test new aids. what is here now I am telling you that you can add five different variations. You can do it with your creatives. to AIDS You can test it. How cool? Meaning AB testing was shown in the beginning. AB testing is completely different and Creative testing is completely different. Must try this. This is absolute Amazing and new feature. How to try it Have to do it? Simply click on setup Over the test. How Much of Your Budget Should Go For test aids? So how much budget do you have for this? Looking to spend daily? So you that You are the chooser here. Ok? How Long Should the test run? Meaning how many doses have you had? I have to run an ad for this. And my suggestion is that you Keep it above seven days. from 7 days Don't put it first. Not that you're five D's, You are running the ad of Three Dos. it has no meaning It is not there at all. Ok? Because the matter of the Learning takes time. Ok? In understanding it. A little ad for you Once it matures, you can check it. Correct Is? So minimum you should have a right seven days here. You can do it from to 10 days, 12 days. And below I am asking you how do you want To compare performance? again the thing that We did it in AB testing. that you How to compare performance? that kiss On this basis you will decide whether this one Is my video performing well? These It is performing badly. how would you Decide that? You pay for the cost and the result You will see it at cost, you will see it at purchase, cost But on clicking the link you will see CPM, CPC He is asking you that. Ok? So I CPM has been added here. So I Added cost per result here. We will click on confirm. Correct? Ok. So whatever I added here, there Showing you. Ok? so you can see Yes, my ads are ready. To you Showing updates above, add creative for Your test. Ok? Show test name He gave a creative test. Ok? Below we are showing you two versions of it. Now The one you are editing B is below Showing editing. Now look at her The date is showing for how long. When will it start and what is the key metric? Meaning, on what basis do you want to test it? You are the one. And I am telling you the budget. Some? I have to change it. Have to edit. Edit Pay You can also edit it by clicking. This is Amazing Feature In Mat Ads. try this to do. If you have a lot of multiple ads There are creatives. You understand that stock. I can't figure out which one is the best. if you I think yes, this one is a good performance. This influencer will probably do this Perform equally. It could be that mata I should perform in a different way. Ok? So I would definitely suggest that you try it once. Try it. And yes, it is not necessary that your ads This thing must have arrived on your account. probably didn't come yes. Ok? So, you should take a look at it once Whether it has arrived on your ad account or not. If she doesn't come, please wait a little. Will go. Ok? Now showing you below Tracking. Choose Conversion Events to Track. Look, whenever you create a website, You must have Pixel installed. Let us hear what a pixel is. Pixel is a code while we install Let's take it over to the website. Ok? Pixel You can say that there is a camera. Correct Is? Ok? As soon as someone goes into a person If it is there then this camera would have recorded it. Is. Someone went and added the card. Someone just read the content. someone Checked out. Ok? means someone Have you checked any pages etc.? any person who also visit your website and take some action Doesn't the pixel perform as it tracks? Does. It records it in a way. Ok? In your camera. Obviously its There won't be a camera but I am saying that Camera so that you can understand it better. Ok? So if you don't have Pixel, you can do this You can say that there is also a person in your shop Someone is going and someone is also coming, you know? There is no end to this thing, how do you How will you retarget them? Will you show your ad again, you are literally Blind Without Pixels Pixel Abundance This is a must install and Pixel too. I have already made a video, so I That's why I am not discussing it here. Yes, I have already made a video on this. So I have told you in this that you can shoppi How to Add Pixel to WordPress You can attach the complete method. okay with transparency, give it a try Must check its link disc I will add it to the description later. Like I upload it. Ok? So if he Please don't subscribe if you don't want to miss it Do it and also share this crash course with Everyone out there. Ok? Ok? So I gave you The entire campaign was explained as to what happened. Updates have arrived. Everything I Told You Very transparently. Ok? the biggest Headache. Whenever we're doing AIDS runs Neither is it account suspension nor payment Problems, add account restrictions. Payment method issues and IP blocks. End You are not the only one facing this problem. Are you doing it or are you about to do it? this problem Everyone faces it. Up to almost 95% Advertisers face all these problems every day. They are making a deal. And because of that Your entire focus shifts to your All these problems should be solved apart from marketing. In solving. And in such circumstances No, I would suggest that you Use anti-detection browser. anyway There are many browsers in the market. But what I personally use is The one I would recommend to you is Octo Browser. Octo Browse One Ant Detached to Rule Them All This is very latest and antique There is a browser. Ok? And on this I Already made a very in-depth video Is. First let's talk about what is antique Browser? This is not such a browser. In which you can travel to multiple countries You can operate multiple browsers. Octo Browser is the latest and Advanced Anti-theft Browser. This is such a There is a browser on which you can use a single Multiple devices in multiple countries You can operate the accounts. Just One With a laptop or a PC. In a browser You can run an ad account in USA. seconds You can run UK in the browser. Pakistan and likewise you in the third You can operate different accounts From Different Countries and Octo Browser are being operated by professionals. Who Working at Amazon from Pakistan Have been. Create an ad seller account on eBay Are. Running TikTok agency accounts. People who are selling on eBay. Amazon working on or Meta's USA I created ad account agency accounts and sat down. Are. They all use it professionally. Are. I will tell you how to use it Have to do it. It's very simple. Its user The interface is very simple. You Once you see it, you will understand it properly. Will go. Ok? Take a look at this. End If you are facing the same problem So do try that. Ok? Open my dashboard are done. Now you have four things here. Are showing. profile, progz, Templates and Trashbin. Ok? All your profiles are visible in Profile Comes. Ok? You said different letters You created an Amazon key. You have a Made Facebook for AIDS. Ok? Google Made it about AIDS. You will see all the profiles It is visible here. In proxies you Shows that your proxies you bought They are already bought here. I have attached it here, you can see it all here. You can. You will see templates next. Will go. And at the very end you will see the trash pin That you deleted profiles or anything You will see the deleted part inside the trash pin. It comes. Ok? Let me profile you I teach you how to make it. For that you simply Click on Create Profile. Then first of all you have to add the name of your profile. Have to do it. Correct? Because we are Meta AIDS I am talking. So I'm going to meta aids I make it. Ok? So I meta ads I have typed it here. I'm asking you below This is the description. You did not mention here You just have to write AIDS. According to you You can add it. Facebook Advertisements I added it. I'll show you below are prog. So for now I have There is no proxy. Ok? so me I have to say goodbye. I tell you that you How can you say bye? Ok? For him You simply have to click on this. These Already showing a proxy. But I have to get a new one. Ok? then click on Set a new proxy. You will click on this. Now you will get three options Showing above. So I clicked Above High Prog. asking you here That you need SSS? Requires HTTP https. I have selected http. Here you log You will enter these details. And that's it. But I don't have a proxy yet. I have to say bye. I will show you that Am. Ok? I am not here to say goodbye I am clicking on it. From here we buy it We do. I typed proxy I have chosen residential. Here you Simply choose your country. I The United States has added. I I chose the United States as my country. I have to choose the region California. You can choose according to your choice. Correct Is? It's All Up To Your Choice. below it I am asking you about your city. You will choose that And you have to click on confirm. Now Our proxies are showing choices here Are. It has been selected. Below you can see the tags You will add it. Like Facebook's I will add Facebook. One of you has AIDS. Add it. Ok? Add an octa Will give. This is how you have to add tags. Bookmarks and start pages option at the bottom It is showing. Ok? Here you have the link Have to add it. Ok? I am from Facebook I will add it. Ok? Ok. So below you I will also show you in bookmark imports Added the same Facebook link. Below Showing the story setting. cookies in it Etc., whatever you want to select, you can do that. You can choose. And then you get a simple click You have to click on Create Profile. Now here But you get the fingerprint option From where you can access your account on your basic You can make your profile very secure. I have clicked on fingerprint. Here is my user agent. Correct Is? Below are the operating systems shown. Showing Windows and meaning whatever here But it has storage etc., RAM, everything. You will see it here. Ok? you gave him If you want to change, you can do so. Time Zone, Jio Location, Language, Everything They are showing. So I did based on IP. I have given it to him so that he can choose according to his own choice. Ok? Once you have made all the changes. Then you have to click on Save Changes And it is done. So this is how we You have to create your profile. It's Very simple. further because there are settings, There are extensions and so on. Ok? If you have If you want to add extensions, you can do that too. You can. Now I clicked on proxy. So look here in high prog na give us Showing progress. One of mine already It is from earlier. I have done one just now. Correct Is? Bye, both will be visible. So you Look at the dashboard, it's so simple. We have to operate it. Ok? not like this All your problems will almost be solved It is about to happen. Which is related to IPP address And Banning and all that. I….to you Recently I told you that this platform Professionals are operating. Ok? And if you have a very large setup. You Want to work professionally? different countries so you can definitely Try it. Octopuzzer is a paid platform. Ok? It's not free. So because you If it is offering so much then it is obviously Some charges will be applicable till 31st December. You can save up to 40% and invest in the long term Subscriptions and up to 60% off There are proxy traffic discounts. You will find the link for the New Year offer in the description. Will merge in. You are my promo code Saiyya You can use it to fix it. Correct Is? So let's get back to the video. still I will tell you this last thing: Look, there have been a lot of updates. But Ultimately, you have to keep all your focus. That should be on creatives. please on that Do work. Make a good video. Good hook Make and generate ad copy well and Then the results will come to you automatically. You will automatically start getting sales. Will go. Ok? And look, if it's true, friend. If you want good results then just do one thing do it. Ok? Shift the entire focus Over to the creatives. I am a sales campaign I am talking. Whenever a sales campaign runs You have to keep the structure very simple. Run any [ __ ] campaign or CBO campaign. You can. Ok? But the structure is very simple Should be. Create a campaign. an adset Make. Next, make four to five ads. Ok? And not every ad within four to five ads Add different ad copies inside. Ok? All ads should be different. All ad copies should be different. And every single add We have made three aids from let's inside. Now there will be three videos. And all three Also if I do a combo of three three. That is nine. means nine ad copies and three Videos. Now meta him automatically The permutation will create the combination. and Joe Best hogi na personalized it to people Will deliver it. I mean, whoever likes it He will be visible. And same in all campaigns You use the thing. It's not rocket science Is. There is not much difference. You You can use the same thing for everyone. Ok? You need leads, you use the framework. You need sales, you use the framework. You are running an engagement ad, use this very thing. Do it. Ok? So I am a little I am going to make an announcement. Ok? As that you know I have done all the courses Almost uploaded on YouTube. You can check out Shopfi. You are dropshipping You can check it. You can look at e-commerce. Even after uploading two courses on Mat AIDS Have given. Both are very unique and in There is depth. I am personally very honest Being has taught you everything. I don't have this It means that this thing is paid separately. Let me take it and teach you. I've never done anything like that Is. But for the last few times I have not felt that People are in great need of this thing. Meaning A lot of people are asking me questions. How to attach pizzazz. In payment Problems are coming. We don't have sales I am coming. We have been running ads for a long time. Using Strategies But Sales Only I am not coming. And some people are beginners. They don't even see the road map. How to do dropshipping e-commerce? Shop What to do after creating a Pay Store? Ok? How to get sales through marketing Did they come or are the leads not coming? and YouTube what happens on the videos and not what you There is content, you have to watch it. Is. If you have any questions, don't ask. You can. Because this is not a live class. Has been. So I planned that from 2026 No, I am not going to start live classes. Am. Just two courses for now Are. Matt Eds in Depth. Ok? end second It is about e-commerce. Just these two courses. Ok? There is nothing else other than this Right now. So what will happen in this? Very detailed In this, everything will be live classes. You will get a chance to live one on one with me You can answer the question. Those are your doubts Please share your screen and let me solve it. You can. Ok? And every weekend There will be a live class. Rest of the lectures Will be recorded. And if you have physical If you want to learn then come to my office and Welcome. Because everything will happen in the office. Absolutely live 100% live. No one here Not recorded. But if you are online Plus, once a week, a live session is available. I will take it personally. Ok? someone of mine There will be no team members etc. I will be There personally. Ok? of all the questions I will answer properly. And I will make Sure it can be super effective. Ok? The rest of the people are selling courses etc. Are. I am not tagging anyone here. I am going to do it. There are a lot of people who I will give you the link to Google Drive. I will provide you with the link to the website here. There are courses, look at this. and that's It. Ok? Does not contact you at all Is. But there is nothing like that in my case. Everything will be live. Any time you live You can come to the office and discuss it. Me You can discuss it. solve the problem You can. Add a number to the description I have been. Ok? which is from my agency The number is of scale aptitude. Ok? My The team will contact you. whatever remains Details are like fee structure, how much Classes will be conducted separately for you. You will get it on WhatsApp. Ok? over there You can contact me. And yes, yours I will create a WhatsApp group. whoever the people Their WhatsApp is going to join this The group will be separate where any person Can message at any time. and with They get response in these 12 and 24 hours Will go. And if you can't afford it yet There is no problem. because here it is I am already giving knowledge for Completely free. All the remaining updates that came I've got you all covered. I Explains to you by making enrollment very simple Is done. Still if you have any doubts Isn't it please let me know below in the comments? Section. Tell me everything and I'll tell you I must respond. Ok? especially this I will respond to the course below. And don't forget to give me feedback on how you felt. this course. This literally requires a lot of effort. It is in making it. It's not that simple. It is very difficult to complete the course record to do. That too for free. A smiling face does not mean that there is any problem. No. It means not dealing with trouble [music] Anyways it's not a big deal what you did Is? I have made one separately for you. I have prepared a bonus gift in which I added This is the latest strategy, the latest Updates, Latest Tips & Tricks and All the prompts. Ok? which you Will help with better ad copy. To you Will help better ad creatives design With AI in doing. Ok? So if you I want everything absolutely free. Like first Like and subscribe me. Instagram Follow me on my WhatsApp channel You must follow it. I have created a WhatsApp channel Created in almost two to three weeks First. Ok? And please must follow him Do it. There I share RAW Strategies. And there are many such things Which I have told there. Just me It has not been mentioned on YouTube and Instagram. Ok? Just mentioned there. So he must Follow me. And it is absolutely free. Correct Is? I am not charging anything for that. I have posted all the links on social media. Added to the down comment of the platforms Are. Pin in the comments. Ok? please this Please do check it out. Subscribe on YouTube Take. Follow me on Instagram. Screenshot Do both and DM me on Instagram Do it. My team will immediately like with you. Sharing cheat sheet with you in these 24 hours Will give. Ok? So that's all about today's crash course. I hope you like this. If If you like it, please let me know in the comments. Must tell. And don't share this. that This is my appreciation. Will you share this? With your friends, in your groups, End status pay in different circles. that Is enough for me. Ok? tag me On Instagram. That's all about today's Video. See you in the next videos. Ok? Bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @SummiaJamshed [52 likes]: 👉WhatsApp Channel Link: https://whatsapp.com/channel/0029VbBoruA3GJP2lqe3Es12
👉YouTube: https://youtube.com/@summiajamshed?si=OpTgoJEGPea3_sSX
👉Instagram: instagram.com/summ.iajamshed
Follow me on all these platforms, take screenshot, dm me with this word "Cheatsheet". 
I'll send it to you for FREE!
  2. @Arslanameen43 [1 likes]: kon padhai chod kar ke aya hia lke
  3. @zarmal-m4s: how someone can be this much honest?? great job
  4. @muhammadRehmanulHassan-t3l8j: sister please A  to  Z  koi b brand maslan mobiles assesories ya cloth ya shoes ko facebook meta ads k zariye sell krne ki video bnaooo
  5. @saeedsharif2463: man i think ab poory UI change hogae hain pay now hai he ni to kya kry
  6. @FLShani: One The Best And Easy To Understand Course On YT. is ky bdh mjhy koi or course dekhny ki need nahe Thank u so much maam for the amazing course
  7. @saiyan_Goku_01: but apne isme ek chis nhin bataye hain  analaysis  matrix etc...
  8. @imranabdullah6699: "آپ کا ٹیچنگ اسٹائل بہت ہی زبردست اور لاجواب ہے۔ میں نے اکیڈمی بھی جوائن کی ہوئی ہے، لیکن جس ڈیپتھ (گہرائی) اور ڈیٹیل کے ساتھ آپ سمجھاتی ہیں، اس کی بات ہی الگ ہے۔ میرا مشورہ ہے کہ آپ کو اپنا ایک ذاتی ادارہ شروع کر لینا چاہیے۔ ویسے، آپ کو بہت بہت مبارک ہو کہ آپ جلد ہی 1 ملین کراس کرنے والی ہیں! ویسے ہماری اکیڈمی والے بھی اچھا پڑھاتے ہیں، لیکن آپ کا طریقۂ تعلیم سب سے بہترین ہے
  9. @muneeb-c3m8w: Mam many HAVC ki services Kia lia  ads chlina ha Kia muhjia business suite ki setting krni chiya. Many bus calls now ka button atch krna ha
  10. @globalphysicshub9369: السلام علیکم !
تمام پاکستانیوں کو۔
میڈیم ! آپ بہت اچھا کام کررہی ہیں .
پہلی بار ایک پاکستاِنی کا بہترین کام سامنے آیا ہے .
جب بھی یوٹیوب پر سرچ کریں کسی بھی کورس يا تعلیم کے حوالے سے تو  ہمارے ہم وطن دور دور تک نظر نہیں آتے.
ہمیں آپ پر فخر ہے 
اللہ آپ کو مزید ترقی عطا فرمائے.

اور اللہ پاک آپ کے نصیب اچھے کریں.
  11. @TyyJjui-k7z: Bangladesh se huu,, eid mubarak
  12. @dr.hassan.anwar.official: JAZAKALLAH. much needed
  13. @ZainUlAbideen-d1n: Asslam O Alaikum How are you sister Actually I make my facebook page in feburary and I upload videos on it about my work but I don't get views and followers organically what can I do. Please tell me.
  14. @dhanakrana2929: well done , this is an amazing course , please make a video on partnership ad and also make a video on client dealing .
  15. @fizanadeem567: You Nailed It👍
  16. @sachikahaaniyanyt: MashaAllah! Aaj mera ap k sath course complete ho gaya hai. Mujhy course dekh k mery knowledge mein to izaafah huva hi hai. But uss sy barh k mujhy aap ko dekh k zyada energy mili bcz aap ne itni mohabat aur struggle ki just mery liyee🤭 Thank you very much for your help. Aap k course ne mery mazeed 2 3 points clear kr diyee hein. Aur mein Meta Ads k baary mein pehly b janta tha aur 4+ years sy UK market mein already works, & current Ads run kar raha hun apni dropshipping products ki. But I want to learn more about in the depth of Meta Ads & Google Ads in live or practical. Could you help to learn more about this. And can reserve my seat in your office? Or for internship?
  17. @aishakhan5557: 14:14 
Agar hume as a freelancer kaam krna ha to kese naam denge page ko ??? 
Simple name and category me kya likha jayega ?
  18. @Mahidailyvlog-n5l: Mashallah zabardast course hy i am beginner or first time apki video dekhe boht achy sy apny explain kiya Allah pak apko khush  rakhy
  19. @theemsstudiohkgfx4319: Well explained ! Helpful for beginners
  20. @itxPameer: Ye Jo last me ap ne batya octo browser ka ye Foreign me Kam krna ho tub use kre ge hum

- Warum fast jeder das Meta Andromeda Update falsch einschätzt: Kind: captions Language: en If the results of your Facebook ads have worsened or perhaps even improved in recent weeks, then this is definitely related to the new Andromeda update from Meta . And in this video I will tell you what the Andromeda Update is and why it is misunderstood by many . Yes, I will explain everything to you, what it really means for you as an advertiser, and how you can use the Andromeda update to achieve even better Facebook ad results. All of this is now in this video. Let's start by asking what the Andromeda Update actually is. And Meta has published an article about it. And the interesting thing about this article is that it was published on December 2nd, 2024 , but the Meta Andromeda Update wasn't rolled out until autumn 2025. So, you can learn a lot from this article. Obviously, I'm not going to go through the entire article with you here . However, there are some very interesting facts contained in this article. If you're interested in that, I'll link it for you below the video in the video description. But I'd like to summarize everything for you here. First of all, what is the Andrometer Update? Well, you could say it's a new retrieval engine from Meta. Imagine it like this . Previously, the number of meters in thousands of advertisements determined which group of people would see specific advertisements . This means that target groups were divided into clusters . For example, if you are interested in the topic of dogs, then you are in this target group and this target group will be shown advertisements about dogs. This means that Meta makes a pre-selection from thousands of advertisements. That was before the Andrometer update. Now with the new Andrometer update, it's no longer a case of a pre-selection from a few thousand advertisements, but hundreds of millions of advertisements can be considered for a specific person . Andromeda simply ensures that target groups are no longer divided into clusters, but that advertisements are tailored much more individually to each person . And all of this happens in milliseconds. So. And as a result, advertisements were already very personalized in the past, by dividing people into target groups , but have become even more personalized with the Andromeda update . So. And that's the difference compared to before. Furthermore, Meter selects the best candidates, indeed the best advertisements, for each individual person from millions of ads . Why did Neta do that? There are several reasons. On the one hand, there's the whole topic of AI that has now come into play , because advertisers are no longer placing fewer ads per week, but significantly more thanks to AI. Yes, various creatives are created, various creatives are rolled out, and the problem Meta had was that Meta could n't keep up with the optimization. It happened— perhaps you know this from your advertising account—that certain ads received little to no budget. And at our agency, it was also the case from time to time that we collaborated with clients and created really awesome advertisements, yes, in collaboration, which were then placed and which did not receive a budget . Then our customers approach us and say: "Hey, that's such a cool ad, it has to get a budget." The problem is, you can't counteract it manually. You can't say, okay, this ad should now get X budget, so x € budget, it doesn't work like that. So. And accordingly, we either had to do it in such a way that the ads received the budget, that we deactivated them, or that we did the whole thing via ad groups, new ad groups. However, if you know a little about it, it's not the best alternative. That means we always check if the cut is correct at all. Are the costs per song correct, are the costs per result correct? That's the most important thing. And if individual advertisements receive no budget or very little budget, then that's just how it is. However, with the Andromeda update, Meta now also displays ads that previously had little or no budget, because Meta has so much data and simply looks at which of these many ads that this advertiser places are a good fit for which person. This means that the Andromeda update has simply ensured that the advertisements are significantly more personalized, or rather, not personalized at all, but are displayed in a much more personalized way , because, as mentioned at the beginning, previously target groups were divided into clusters, and now the system looks at what the individual person is interested in, and accordingly, instead of a few thousand advertisements being relevant for the individual person, hundreds of thousands or even millions of advertisements are now relevant for the individual person. The advertisement is in question. Furthermore, even more precise scrutiny is being taken to examine the signals a particular creative sends. Yes, that means, how will or which people interact with it? So, that means the person or Facebook, yes, Facebook still naturally forms an audience, right? This means that Facebook creates a micro-audience, but Facebook then knows which of countless advertisements is suitable for this one audience and is then displayed there. But now let's turn a little to the myths, to the things that are currently circulating. And I'll tell you honestly, when the Andromeda update was rolled out and I became more and more involved with it , read the articles here , and watched various YouTube videos ... Initially, I thought, " Yeah, what's changed now?" So, what's new? Because it is said, or Meter says, okay, broad targeting, that is becoming more important. You should n't do so much targeting anymore, okay? You shouldn't change the settings so much anymore . You need creative diversity, right? That means less manual micromanagement. So, that means you should give more control over who the ads are shown to, and you should take more care of sending more creatives into the race. And so at first I thought to myself, yes, that 's nothing new. And that's why I'd like to put this whole thing into perspective for you, this Andromeda update, because the Andromeda update doesn't mean that this is, well, this isn't the revolution. So, it's a pretty big update, but it's not like everything is new. What has now simply happened is what Meta has been suggesting for years, only now amplified even more drastically by the Andrometer update. So, that means Meter has been saying for years now , okay, don't do so much targeting anymore, leave it to us. Yes, we'll find the right target group for you. Meta has been saying this for years, and the Andromeda update simply reinforces this principle. Meta has been saying for years, and we've been saying it for years too, that you need creatives. New creatives, new advertising videos, new advertising images must be constantly launched to collect data and achieve better results with your campaigns. And well, the whole thing is simply that the Andrometer update has amplified this even further, because creative diversity is now even more important, because Meter now knows even more precisely, thanks to the Andrometer update, which people are interested in which specific advertisements? And if Meter knows, for example, that you have five ads and ad 3 matches a microaudience, then this ad will be shown to this microaudience all the time . This also means that this one ad will quickly become exhausted, and therefore you have to keep pushing. This naturally also depends on your budget, but ad burning out happens significantly faster with the Andromeda update . Therefore, you need to include significantly more creatives, significantly more advertising images, and significantly more advertising videos in your campaigns . Before we move on to the next point , a brief note. If you're thinking, "Yeah, the Andromeda update is all well and good, but I don't want to delve into it in depth, dealing with these things day in and day out," then feel free to contact us. We manage your advertising campaigns, taking into account new updates, like the Andrometer update, to ensure you consistently achieve results and increase your revenue . You'll find all the details in our initial consultation. Just click on the first link in the video description to visit our website and register using our contact form. I'd be delighted if this leads to a collaboration. Now, let's move on to the next point: campaign structure. This is something Meter has been saying for years: do n't complicate the campaign structure; instead, simplify it. And that's something we've been saying for a while now—that you shouldn't create overly complex structures. Instead of using different ad groups in different campaigns, such as top of the funnel, middle of the funnel, bottom of the funnel, or different ad groups, simplify it. The reason is quite simple: optimization is much faster in a single ad group if you don't split everything up. For example, if you have five ad groups, each one learns independently. By reducing this to a single ad group, that group can go through the learning phase much faster and achieve much better results because it can optimize much more effectively. This is something that has become even more important with Andromeda. However, you also have to consider that the learning phase is no longer as quick. We've seen recently—or rather, what do you mean by recently ?—that the learning phase in many campaigns is progressing relatively quickly. Within a day, sometimes even 48 hours. This has been extended by the Andrometer update because Meta naturally has to test much more. Microaudiences are created, and then you simply see which ads are suitable for which microaudience. So, what does this mean for you as an advertiser? Well , to put it simply, it means you should simplify your campaigns even more. You should n't spend so much time on targeting and settings, but rather focus much more on creative strategy. You should ensure that you're constantly adding new ads to your campaigns within a short period, optimizing your campaigns accordingly, and keep in mind that the learning phase will now take a bit longer. These are the points you should consider with the Andromeda update. Do you have any questions? Write them in the comments below the video . Feel free to add any comments below as well. And as I said, if you're thinking, " I don't want to deal with this every day, but I need someone to run my ads with a clear strategy so I can consistently acquire new customers," then click on the [link/button/etc.]. Click the first link in the video description to visit our website. You can browse around, check out our references, and if you'd like to listen to it without obligation, click one of these buttons to open our contact form. Please fill this out and we will get in touch with you. And if you're now interested in how we managed to reduce the Facebook Ads cost per result for a client from €168 to €65 by making an adjustment to the website, then click on the video next to me. M.

  Top Comments:
  1. @mustafademirkoblenz [1 likes]: Sehr gut erklärt. Beschäftige mich auch damit und habe das für meine Community zusammengefasst gestern.

Im großen und ganzen ist es nichts neues, aber trotzdem ein wichtiges Signal, sich auf Creatives mehr zu fokussieren, anstatt auf Kampagnenstrukturen oder Targeting.

- The Best Facebook Ad Creative Strategy for 2026: Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I'll be breaking down the single best creative ad strategy for 2026 [music] so that you can make killer high-erforming ad creatives in Facebook ads. This is the exact creative strategy that we're deploying over our 100 plus brands at the Moonlighters and the same exact creative strategy that I've shared within my school community [music] to nearly 300 brands right now. And this will 100% work no matter what category in. Whether you're in fashion, beauty, wellness, you name it. The old school way of creating ads would be a very simple workflow. You would think of an ad idea or your media buyer would say, "Hey, we need new ads. Maybe here's what's working." Then you would go and create new ads that look similar to the ones you've created before. Or if you had a new concept, something you thought might work well, you would go ahead and create it. Then you'd come into the Facebook ads manager. You'd upload it all as a single image or video. and you'd sit here writing painfully your primary text, your headlines, your descriptions. So, what we want to do instead is creating a system that increases the likelihood of finding winning ads. You can go ahead and pump out a,000 ads in an hour. You can go ahead and make a bunch of fake UGC or hire a bunch of creators or make a bunch of videos for yourself, but in reality, your win rate is going to be very low. The ads we're going to focus on today are going to have very high win rates. So instead of duplicating your best performing ads, we're going to be way more focused on a combination of new concepts, iterations, and variations, which are all very different things in the newest Andromeda updates and gem algorithmic changes to meta. So let's talk through the new way of doing this. So to start our system, what we're going to be building is a creative flywheel. This is going to be a predictable system that pumps out winning ads. So of course, at the top of every single creative machine or creative flywheel are new ads. And to source those new ads, they're going to come from two different places. And we're going to start from the single most important place. And that of course is going to be your competitors. Now, there's a free way to do this and there's a paid way to do this. I'm going to use the paid way. You could use the free way. I'm going to show you both really simply. First, the free way. We go into Facebook ads library. We click all ads and you go ahead and search one by one each of the competitors that are most relevant to your business. So, in this example, I'm just going to pretend that I'm the brand Vori. They're a sportsware kind of athleisure brand. One of their main competitors is Lululemon. So, what I would do if I was Viori is I would type in Lululemon. We're then going to select their page and we're able to see every single ad that Lululemon is currently running. And as you can see right here, they have hundreds of active ads in their account right now. So, I'm trying to think and clock what of these can I use as inspiration. What you really want to do is look at what ads have either been live the longest or spent the most. So, obvious things you could look out for are anything that says low impression count. You could very well and easily know that that is not a high performing ad. Or you could scroll all the way down to the bottom, which might take a minute depending on what brand you're looking at and look for ads that have been spending for the longest period of time. Now, what I like to do is use a program called Magic Brief. This is a paid platform. We're not sponsored by them, but it's the easiest way to show you everything. And we can see Lululemon right here is running 2382 active ads. We can see a quick overview of all the ads that they're running. And I could scroll through everything really easy. And I could download all of this imagery if I want to. Now, you might notice this looked a little bit different than Facebook ads library. And that's because they're running ads from different pages. So on the ad library, you might have to search through a variety of different pages from Lululemon and you might have to change the active status to all available ads because some of their ads might be paused after certain periods of time. And I want to give you a pro tip here. If you're a small brand and you're in the athletic leisure space, do not compare yourself to Lululemon. Don't compare yourself to Nike. Think about brands that are a step or two above you. If you're doing a million dollars in revenue, think of a brand that's doing 10 million. find and strike that balance between brands that are not too big. I'm never going to take inspiration from Nike, but not too small where they're not driving any sales, of course. So, once we find the brand and the creative that we are interested in, what we're looking for are the ads that have run the longest. We're looking for ads that have been most active for this brand. And I'm looking for real concepts here. Now, let's use this ad concept by Lululemon, which has run for 469 days. is they launched this in October of 2024. I am able to now take this ad, this carousel that they've developed here and use this as inspiration. We can recreate this very easily if I was Viori. So now in this example here, I'm just adding inspiration from competitive ads. You should be taking their videos, their statics, their gifts, their carousels, and build a true collection of concepts that you can identify. Each of these three are completely different concepts. You should be able to note and expand that each of these can be heavily expanded on. You should extrapolate out dozens of different iterations of this. You can make this exact ad if I was VRE versus Lululemon for every single product if I know it's a winning concept. But keep in mind, this is just scratching the surface. You can do this for every single one of your competitors. Identify trends and find common threads of creative that generally work in your category. Then take those threads, take those concepts and build them for yourself. Once you've created the concepts from your competitors, you've built them for yourselves. You've then launched your own new ads. What do you do next? This part is going to sound a little too easy. You wait. But it's not just about waiting. You have to make sure things are set up properly with those new ads to be able to have that luxury to actually wait and be patient. Now, we like to launch all of our new ads inside of a prospecting CBO campaign. The idea here is pretty simple. We want competition within our own ad account. And that works in a very simple way. Every time we have new creatives, they get launched into a new ad set. It could be anywhere from two creatives, one creative, 10 creatives, 15 creatives. Generally, four to eight creatives is the sweet spot. But don't over complicate it. Every time new ads get launched, they get launched into a new ad set. When those ads get launched into a new adset, over time, you're going to have a lot of new adets. And as you can see on my lefth hand side here, we're up to Broadpack 76. That means we have over 76 adsets that we've launched and tested for this brand. You're going to wonder, how on earth do any of these new ads get any sort of spend? Because the old ads are going to hog all the spend. I hear this all the time, even for brands that are just starting out. So, what we've done to basically counteract this is when we go into the adset, we go down to the budget and schedule section, and we click ads set spending limits. From here, we click set a minimum or maximum. We change the percent value to dollar value and we enter an average daily minimum equal to 1x the cost per acquisition target. If your cost per acquisition target is 50, you put this to 50. It is literally as simple as that. There's one point of tracking that you need to do on your side. Set a calendar invite. Set an alarm. I don't care what you have to do. Just make sure you get back to this in seven days. These never stay on for more than seven days at a time. Now, you might ask, why do we even do this? The problem is most ads just take too much time to get the adequate levels of spend and be tested. This keeps you in a non-stop waiting cycle where your ad account doesn't grow fast enough. Instead of waiting all of this time, this giant section here, and then eventually the ad scales or the ad dies because it's not good, we want to shortline this. And the way that we shortline this is we set that ad set budget minimum equal to 1x the cost per acquisition, which instead only forces the spend for a few days. And then if the ad's a winner, it scales quicker. If it's a loser, it stays at that set spend. Now, the beauty of this is you're going to look back within that 7-day window and decide, am I willing to spend more on this ad, or should we just remove the adset minimum? If you remove the minimum, the ad's going to spend less. If you keep the minimum, it will continue to spend at the same, which is most likely what you do not want to do. And in most cases, if it's above, it's a winning ad. If you remove the minimum, it's still going to spend above the threshold. So, it's a win-win scenario. Okay. So, we've developed new ads. We set ads set minimum budgets. We've waited. We've removed those adset minimum budgets. And now, it's time to take some more action. Now, this is where the flywheel really begins. It is in the analysis. So, what we want to do is go back into our ad account, make sure we're in our prospecting campaign. We're going to go to our column set, compare attribution settings, and select incremental attribution. Then, sort your entire ad account by highest spending to lowest spending. In most cases, I like to look at all my ads at once, but it's also important to break things down into different groupings depending on products, categories, whatever else is going on within your business. Know that there are nuances to everything I am talking about. Looking through all of our ads to keep this as fundamentally simple as possible. In this case, last 14 days, we spent $97,000 at a 1.42 return on ad spend. Our incremental return on ad spend is 1.23. What I am looking for here are highspending ads, outsized results on high-spending ads and above our threshold for return on ad spend. And we can see we have one very clear standout, followed by a few others that I'm very interested in. Now, the incremental return on ad spend for new customers that this brand cares about is around a 1.1 return on ad spend, which I know sounds crazy to many people, but that is just what this brand functions at. For these guys, we need to be above that 1.1. And we can see in this case we're well above at scale $26,000 in spend which represents over 25% of the total spend in this campaign at a 1.46 way above our threshold. We can also see there's a few that are just at the threshold 1.13 1.16. We're not going to touch those for now. And then we have a few more that are actually high spending, well above the threshold here, a 1.5, 1.38, and a 1.43. Our duty now is to take the best performing ads that have high spend and are above our threshold and recreate and iterate off of these ads. And this is where the flywheel makes its way full circle. The analysis that we just did is going to provide and yield clear concepts. These concepts are going to be winning ads. We then are taking these winning ads just like we did for our competitors and we are creating duplicates, variants, iterations of these winning ads. Eventually, what this does for us is it solidifies core concepts in our ad account. Now, you can see you literally just do the same thing over and over and over and over and over again. But don't forget, as you're creating these new concepts, as your ad account is growing, you need to make sure you're upping your spend along the way. It doesn't mean you have to increase your spend. It just means that you should not be afraid of things like the learning phase or increasing spend in general. The goal here is to grow accounts. This is not a system for maintaining your account. This is a system for growth. So when you run this flywheel for weeks and weeks and months and you're consistent, this is an example of the result that you will get. You will find winning concepts. Those concepts will be matched to audiences and each of these concepts is going to perform at a different rate. For example, let's say your target is 2x return on ad spend. Concept number one might return at that 2x and might spend 10k. Concept number two might return at a 3x but only be able to spend 3K. Concept number four might return at a ridiculous 10x but guess what? It could only spend 500 bucks. And then finally, concept number four might spend at a 2.2, but it does so at 50k spend. Old school Facebook would want you to only run the 10x, right? Just keep smashing the 10x. New school Facebook, Andromeda Facebook wants you to focus on all of these concepts. All of these add profit to your business. Now, you should care way more about your bank account, your actual profit. And that is exactly what we want to be doing in the sense of creating concepts and matching those concepts to audiences. And don't care as much about an ad that runs a 5x versus a 2x. As long as 2x is profitable, we want to run both. So, this flywheel usually starts to produce winning clear concepts. And you can see here, this is a concept from the brand Talentless that they can continue to build out. They can make variants around the same exact thing and they already have. We have another talentless example here. Now, they've been using this exact concept for literally a year. They take different products, different model shots, and they group it together with these semi in between shots, like these trio shots almost with just a very simple headline. We then have another concept that they've merged. So, they started with concept A and concept B and then they duped in. So they merged two concepts which are concept up here, concept number two and concept number one to create concept number three. We then have another concept by them and you can see they've created variants of this for all of their collections. You will stack concepts if you do this over and over and over again. And that right there is how you create a creative machine. One of the most important things when you're running Facebook ads is having that creative machine to fuel your account and scale. Now, if this has been helpful and you like this style of content and you want to access my entire system, tutorials, SOPs, literally the internal trainings that we use at the Moonlighters to service over a 100 brands as well as live Q&As, then click the link down in the description or go to school.com/fas where we have a massive community, the fastest growing Facebook ads community on school right now with literally nothing held back. That's all for today's video. I hope you got a ton of value out of this and I will see you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @isshanth_karthic [1 likes]: w value
  2. @shopadonisking [1 likes]: great video
  3. @LuxemShop [1 likes]: Hello i m watching you from Tunisia , i like you concept , thank you
  4. @Samu-pl1jh [1 likes]: I'm hearing that many performance marketeers are moving to a '1 campaign,1 ad set, +/- 20 creatives' campaign structure, what are your thoughts on that? Im seeing you're using it differently. Since the andromeda does the seperation between prospecting vs. retargeting still make sense?
  5. @viniciuspinho7862 [1 likes]: thanks
  6. @joaodantas1705 [1 likes]: good!
  7. @SamPiliero: 👉 Work with me and my team: go.themoonlighters.com/apply-l137
👉 Join my coaching program: go.themoonlighters.com/skool-l137
  8. @korea_mkt7: Hi! Performance marketer from South Korea here. Thanks for the awesome video!

I completely agree with your approach of splitting ad sets to test creatives and scaling the winners. It's been working well.

I do have a quick question, though. Meta ad reps always push for consolidation—putting multiple creatives into a single ad set under a CBO campaign. They argue that breaking them out causes audience overlap and duplicate bidding, which only spikes CPMs (especially with the recent Andromeda update).

Since you advocate for isolating creatives in separate ad sets, have you noticed any CPM spikes or delivery issues with your method? Would love to get your take on this!
  9. @screenboiler: Does this technique work with local service based businesses? Like bathroom and kitchen remodelers?
  10. @screenboiler: Does this strategy work for local home service companies?
  11. @SeanMeyerhofer: Great video, one question: you mention cutting the minimum spend per day after 7 days, and mention it should be 1x your CPA target, however, you don't mention the equivalent ratio of spend at the campaign level. My question is how much should we set the CBO budget for relative to how much we'll be spending each day on minimum spend for those ads? Maybe a ratio number or smth would help, obv it must be more or equal to what you plan to spend in total per ad set....thanks in advance!
  12. @AmyNeville: So you create an adset with new creatives and when you know the winner do you just keep that adset or duplicate to another adset with winners already in it.. this is the part that confuses me. I have 4 completely different audiences we sell things to Seniors, Lone Workers, Personal Safety and Disabled people so we have ads for each of these areas dont want to put in same bucket but not sure best structure..
  13. @moritzasche3060: How to decide wich budget the campaign should have?
  14. @elitefitnesschios: Amazing content. Just a quick question is this applicable to lead form ads or we need different strategy? Also is your skool good fit for a service/ physical business like a gym?
  15. @crescitaly: The 1x CPA minimum spend trick on new ad sets is genuinely the highest-leverage change I made this year. Before, winning concepts would sit with $3 spend for days because old ads were hogging everything. Pushed minimum to $45 (our CPA) for 7 days, removed it after, and win-rate on tested concepts jumped from ~8% to 31%. Also the Andromeda insight on running 2x AND 10x ROAS concepts side by side instead of cutting the lower one — total profit went up $9,200 in 3 weeks because we stopped strangling the volume plays.
  16. @socioleadz: Great video, can you tell me if we should run 4-5 or more ads simultaneously for a completely new ad account and with a lower ad budget for ad spend (less than $1k) and how to figure out how many adsets and ads we should run in any certain ad spend?
  17. @davidpu3104: Dude i just watched this video and is pure gold, I mean, I do a similar strategy BUT doing what youre saying make my strategy better! WAY BETTER.
  18. @andrewnevermind4902: 1. Get chat gpt.
2. Use AI to improve your SEO.
3. Use AI to improve alt text on images.
4. Ask AI to help implement changes ready for Shopify integration.
5. Stop paying facebook for old rope.
  19. @ZeinabHassan79: please can you dub your videos with arabic egypt please I like your channel
  20. @ricottacheese245: thank you!!!

- How I 'Design Characters' for my Comics? - The Process (PART 2): Kind: captions Language: en this is what I wish I had known about character design which is to draw with principles when we sit in front of a sheet of paper to design our character you might often be clueless you don't know what to draw or how to draw it I mean you can draw by looking at things but the moment you need to draw something from your own imagination boom nothing this is because all the things that we know about drawing characters is just not enough or it's wrong it's just tricks and tactics that we know but what we need is something more foundational and that is principles which is a way of thinking so in the last episode of mini Comics we talked about how I come up with story ideas and paneling and composition for your mini comics and in this one I'm going to show you how I design characters for my mini Comics using character design principles so without further Ado ladies and gentlemen I'm KES and welcome to the kesar show episode two all right so a bit of recap now we're on step four of my making mini comic process the first three steps is all about getting your story idea scope planning paneling and composition and thumbnailing your mini comic and now it's character design but within character design you've got a couple of more steps so what I'm going to do right now is design one of the five characters that I need for my mini comic the rest of the characters are already done and dusted and I'm going to show you the kind of process that I use to design those characters by designing this character so let's start my character design process is five steps that helps me go from this whatever this thing is to this a fully finished character that is ready to be used in my comic by the way everything I'm talking about in this episode is summarized into a 40 page guide book called sketch to characters so stick to the end of this video to download it it's free by the way first step is the idea what I do right now is I start with an idea for my character what is the character what is it what are the details of the character like age gender clothing job life likes dislike political opinions doesn't matter I often imagine these things and keep this in my head but also it's good to note it down but here's the thing this is what we call a character brief we're giving ourselves the limitations with which we want to build our character so that the wants and constrains we have in our character is not super weak now let me be super honest with you I always know these things down and most of the times when I'm designing a character the idea is just a single word for example I need to design Five Characters for this mini comic which is a Soul likee Spirit character a warrior a farmer a blacksmith and a modern death job guy so these are the five characters I want to create for these things and all I have for these characters are these simple words so what I'm trying to say is for a small project like a mini comic you don't have to create this detailed character brief and waste your time don't do that you can just start with a simple word which is like a verb or an action or a noun and then you just go from there or you can use an adjective The Amazing Spider-Man see I think I used it right I'm bad with grammar so yeah now once I have that word down or that character breathe down I close my eyes and ask myself what is the first Vision I have of this character and then comes the character thumbnail the moment I have an approximate vision for my character I quickly take out my Sketchbook and draw a bunch of super rough thumbnails these are what I call character thumbnails these are thumbnail sketches that are drawn often very fast with flat simple and 2D shapes now this is where I start using character design principles which is a way of thinking what the heck are you talking about cash all right let's take the principle of shapes for example one of the character design principles that I use to draw characters the whole principle states that your character needs to have certain core shapes in order to have Clarity in its design and that means I asked myself what are three to five key shapes that would define the design of my character and these shapes are often 2D simple shapes that defines my character and this foundational principle actually comes from studying and understanding other character designs that are out there think of it like this there are thousands of characters that are there in the world you can learn to draw each and every single one of them bit by bit and step by step or you can learn how to draw all of them by learning the foundational principle which is basically saying give a man of fish you'll feed him for a day teach a man of fish you'll feed him for life so if you give someone the character design principles they can draw any character that they want and there are approximately 10 character design principles that I use in order to draw characters for example I start with the principle of shapes which states that every character is defined by a core set of shapes that gives Clarity in design so when I'm thumbnailing I'll ask myself what are the core three to five shapes that will help me Define the design of my character for this humanoid character that I'm designing I usually look at the head body the legs and the arms these are four approximate shapes that I need to decide for and then I ask myself what kind of shapes will I use for each of these things in order to define the design of that character to keep it more simple if you look at any character design you can actually find three key shapes that will Define the look of that character and that's what this principle of shapes is all about and there are very many other principles that I'll use which will sort of add on like filter upon filter upon filter upon filter on my design which will help me get the final design all right back to character thumbnailing now I also use the principle of clarity which is keeping the character efficient in terms of clarity so that it travels well meaning simple designs and clear designs travel faster more than complex designs and the way I test this thing is basically by turning these simple thumbnails that I've drawn into Silhouettes and opening them up if you have a character that is a bit more closed it's often hard to recognize the character but when it's open and it's more clearer in his shapes the character is often more clearer and that's what this principle of clarity is all about so we're still in the thumbnailing phase what I'm doing is using simple key shapes and making sure it's clear enough and open enough as a character and marking all the important details stone that is there in my character using these simple key shapes another thing that I look out for while I'm doing this which is the principle of flow which is to create rhythm in your designs meaning you don't MTI characters to be stiff so I use line of actions and varying shapes and arrangement of shapes within the design to make it more flowy and rhythmic for example here's a badly arranged set of shapes which creates a very strict and a stiff character design and here's a more Loosely and rhythmically arranged set of shapes that creates a more flowy character design so that is it the goal of this pH is for me to basically get these quick rough thumbnail sketches following and thinking about these principles down on paper so that I can go ahead and research yeah that's what I do next now it's time for me to do some research we got the first draft of our design down on paper and this step is all about letting external influences affect your Design This is where you take Inspirations from the world around you be it offline or online into your design we're searching for things and elements and ideas that could affect our character this includes things like style how realistic or abstract do you want your designs to be be visual motives that you like a way a hair is drawn or body part is drawn or the way the character in general is drawn the end rendering style that we want to use in our designs all these things are some things that you want to desde at this space and often actually allow yourself be affected by these external influences and the way I do this is by going to pinest basically that's it just create a board on Pinterest now here's the thing you want to create a mixture of other people's character designs that you really admire and real life things that you want to actually take into your design because real life is the source of all designs you want to take that and put it in your character not just create a franklinstein of other people's characters don't do that so the inspiration I have for this Warrior character is from like the Vikings but I want to take that and sort of give it a more cartoonish Vibe and it effect to like Dexter's Lab meets the Vikings that's the idea that I have most designers actually keep this as the second step or the even the first step that do as part of their character design process I don't and simply for one reason I want to create a unadulterated version of my character download Paper my voice just broke right now that's why I just changed I want to create an unadulterated version of my character design from my beautiful brainy head down to the paper so that I can be [Music] original time for us to draw the character vber here which is all we just have this one word an idea for a character then we came here which is we have like a rough thumbnail of the character and then we want to get from here to hear how does this thing even happen the thing that's between these two things is the character design principles first is the principle of Simplicity for the head of this character I have an Vision in my head of this character having a beard and a mustache and a bun sort of like a nice man bun right there and the principle of Simplicity is basically taking the most essential items of the vision you have in your head or the image that you're basically using and then getting down to its most essential version or part or the design so here's how it goes the drawing of this little uh reference that I have on the left and if I just simply draw it as it is this is what I get like all the details and all the things it's not super realistic but it's not super cartoony and simple as well and the principle of Simplicity is this everything that you want to draw has a bunch of data points it's got this kind of a hair this much detail in the hair this kind of a beard this much detail in the beard this kind of a eye this much detail in the eye right and what you are essentially doing is picking the most important points in that entire thing and then representing it in a very simple and an essential way basically it's going from this to this for example the beer there's so much texture out here we don't need all that what we need is simply the shape and for the eyes just taking all the Essential Elements and then forgetting the rest that's the idea so with these things in mind I'm going to go ahead and draw another version or more slightly detailed version of my thumbnail all right so I've drawn a more more refined version of my thumbnail but here's a problem I have made a mistake which is this adding the details before getting the base right I don't like this body shape right it's not interesting enough it's so Bland it's so boring so here's where I'm going to go ahead and use the principle of representation I'm going to take the different body parts of this character and try to represent it in a different way which is like this the upper body right here becomes this ovular shape with this skull like thing right here this is one and the lower body becomes much smaller and then the legs become a lot wider and shorter because I want that effect in my design and I want the arms to be massive so I'm taking this arm and making it lot larger then I want these huge traps and then somewhat of a cartoony head and let's not forget the Man Bon so what I'm doing right here is taking the different parts of the early thumbnail that I took that I made and then trying to represent it in a different way by a exaggerating the shape or distorting the shape or literally modifying the shape like this shape became this this arm shape basically became something like this so this is what I'm doing right now I've sort of established a base shape and upon which I will do a base construction because we don't want just a 2d character we want a 3D character that is constructed out of threedimensional forms so that's where the principle of construction comes in where you use forms like Spears and modified cubes and cylinders to build and construct a solid base for your character we are also creating variation in our design you don't want your character to be just Bland just one thing after after another thing after another thing you want a bit of variation a bit of spice so you can create variation in terms of say size of things where this is one massive size this is one medium size this is one small size see this is one sort of variation and you can create variation in terms of shapes I'm using more circular shapes right here and more boxy shapes right here for the character and then slightly more angular but not too much of an angular shape shap right here for this character and the Third Kind of variation is sort of creating variation in terms of lines you can see I use a lot of straits and curves pired together in my design in order to make it more interesting ping straight lines and curved lines and see curved straights curved straights curved straights now I'm not doing this consciously it sort of comes a bit unconsciously or subconsciously but you practice this now see I'm adding more details with these Straits and curves and adding a bit more see I don't want this to be just round I want this to be a bit pointed because right here I have a more rounded shape I want a more pointy shape right here variation and then more rounder shape and then creating this have a more varied design of my character upon which I obviously go ahead and you know make a solid form and a base out of it once this base is constructed and only then I'll go ahead and add in the details and how do you add those details what makes those realistic details stylized coming back to the principle of Simplicity which is taking all those Essential Elements and things that we see in real life or in our vision and then just asking ourselves what are the essentials and what is simp simp way I can represent that and then bringing it down on the paper in the most simplest way possible so if you do that for each and every single element for the hair for the mustache for the eyes the eyes can be drawn like this but now it's drawn in a very circular fashion the mustache can a more simpler fashion the clothing can be drawn in a very complex way with all these folds and details but right now it's drawn in these super simple triangles and a bit of half semicircles these are all ways of making things absolutely simple and that is what I think about when I sort of Designing these characters what is a real life inspiration what is the vision that I have how can I ask myself the question of what are the essential items and making it simple and in that Simplicity you will find your style and that is the idea and you do the entire thing for the design you will have the character ready with that we're on to the last and the final step which is inking and coloring your designs this is going to be one of the quickest parts of this entire process because the way I ink is basically take a brush pin and just go over the entire damn character now I'll attach a separate inking tutorial right here so that you can simply watch and see how I ink a character from start to finish but here are some of the things that I keep in mind when I'm inking the character which is to keep the depth that I created during the pencil and the sketching phase I want that in my inks and the way I do that with a lot of Strokes and then creating a lot of line weight making sure lines are thin where they need to be Thin and Thick where they need to be thick now the coloring part I try to keep it simple because for many Comics especially comics in general you'll be drawing the character and coloring it over and over again then that means you got to keep the process as simple as you possibly can and the way I do that is by just thinking about colors like this I choose a primary color a complimentary color a necessary color and the ax for example every character I have a primary color that stands out this is the core color of the character and then I choose the complimentary color that goes along with the primary color which is usually the clothes of the character sometimes the skin I want these two colors to go well with each other and that is what I'm aiming for a complimentary color scheme and then I have the necessary colors these are colors that I cannot skip sometimes the hair is black and the mustache is white or the eyes is in this color the hand is in this color these are colors that I cannot skip what I then try to do is basically pair my necessary colors and adjust it accordingly to my primary and complimentary color and in this way I create a map of colors that is based on those two important colors and once I'm done with that I sometimes use an accent color which is like something that's a bit of a touch it's like a little hint that just pops the thing out and that's what I do when it comes to colors and the color process is pretty simple you lay down the flats a layer of Shadows and a layer of highlights got to keep it simple for Comics this is how you do it and that my friends is how I draw and design characters for comics and animation that is the process that is it now if your brain tells you that you can design and draw the comics that you want to draw or design the characters that you want to draw right it's probably right listen to that and you do it anyway because the best way to get ready to make a comic that you want to make is to make a comic n

  Top Comments:
  1. @KeshArt [23 likes]: The EXACT drawing program to take you from beginner to a confident artist in 100 Days (no matter your age, starting point, or drawing experience)

⚡ https://keshart.in/drawing-camp/
  2. @rudyroargaming [1 likes]: So helpful!!!
  3. @bts70070: Mythpat vibes
  4. @bongbong-bongbong-bongbong: your illustration looks nice, but thats it, you took all those depictions of vikings, and drew something that amounts to a bland blend of their least distinguishing features, 
you diddnt draw a character, hell you barely drew a viking, no fur, no leather, no scars or tattoos, not even any braids in the hair
 
you are so obsessed with the superficial basics that you made something painfully generic,
  5. @maxwellanderson007: 👍👍
  6. @PranavaTulasiVijay: where do you find refrences
  7. @Voicefromtheedge: I love this video
  8. @ASMKIKI: How to names in character it's hard to think I'm not good at names so how ?
  9. @ljubomirjuraj9658: amazing advice, thank you
  10. @bhadrasubhasis3078: Not able to get the guidebook
  11. @manyakhandelwal-l5q: By far the best channel to learn character design
  12. @chethanakumarih.m.262: Bro it's really helpful 💯
  13. @glitchdoodles1444: This is so helpful! Thank you! It's so easy to overthink it.
  14. @SeleenRslan: Thank you so much, it was extremely helpful and wonderful 🤗
  15. @سارانیا: so good :face-red-heart-shape:
  16. @DebanganaBasu-y2b: I am speechless
  17. @kanao_tsuyuriflower: You look like brouno from that other cool movie I watched I forgot the same
  18. @DeepaP-y9b: How can we bring twists in a comic story.?
  19. @Egghead1267: I’m making a comic about someone called llama man🎉🎉
  20. @itspinka3777: Thank You Kesh 😊

- Consistent Characters with AI | The 3 methods that actually work!: Kind: captions Language: en If you are struggling with AI characters that look completely different in every single image, this video will solve that problem forever. I'm about to show you the exact system I use to create unlimited consistent characters that maintain the same face, style, and appearance across hundreds of generations. Here's the thing. Most people are doing character consistency completely wrong. They're typing the same prompt over and over, hoping the AI remembers what their character looks like, but ending up with someone who looks like a different person in every image. In the beginning, I used to do the same thing. I would waste hours doing this exact same method. I would generate dozens of images trying to find ones that look similar only to give up in frustration. But after testing every major AI platform and technique, I finally cracked the code. So, in the next couple of minutes, I will show you three different methods for creating characters that stay consistent no matter what scene, pose, or situation you put them in. Whether you're starting with just a description or maybe a simple reference image, I have you covered. And at the end, I will reveal the secret technique I use to animate these characters and bring them to life in ways that would have been impossible just months ago. Before we dive into the solutions, you need to understand why standard AI fails at character consistency. Most AI models treat each generation as completely independent. They don't have memory of what your character looked like in the previous image. So even if you get a perfect generation, the next one starts from scratch. This is part of the problem and this is why most people make these four critical mistakes. The first mistake is forgetting to repeat key traits in every prompt. The second mistake is just like I mentioned, not understanding that AI models lack memory between generations. The third mistake is using the wrong settings. And this is where most people give up because of using a lot of credits maybe or not having the time to play with the settings, but I have done all of that and I will teach you how to do it properly. And the fourth mistake is using poor quality reference images. I cannot tell you how important this part is if you're trying to use a image as a reference for your characters or for your story. So here's the thing. Even if you avoid all these mistakes, you're still fighting against the fundamental limitations of how these AI models work. That's why I use Open Art for all my character work. Unlike standard AI generators, Open Art creates a persistent character model that maintains appearance across unlimited generations. you created once and it stays consistent no matter what you do with it. No more tracking seeds, no more repeating descriptions, no more hoping the AI remembers. Let me show you the three methods I use. Starting with the easiest one. The first method is perfect if you have a character in mind but no images yet. Here is exactly how to do it. Once you go to Open Arts homepage, you can find the link in the description below. Click on consistent character. Then choose start with description and write a detailed description of your character. And I mean a detailed description. Don't just say a tall woman. Instead, be specific like a female alchemist with olive skin and curly black hair tied in a messy bun and so on. And the more specific you are, the better results you will get. Moving on to the second method, and this is one of my personal favorites. So creating a character from just one reference image. So this is incredibly powerful because most AI tools require multiple images, but Open Art only needs one. The process is simple. Select start with one image. Upload your reference image. Name your character and then click on create. For best results, use front-facing images with clear facial features and good lighting. The AI needs to see the details to recreate them consistently. The third method is actually the one that gives you maximum control and consistency using multiple reference images. So upload at least four highquality images. And I usually upload 8 to 10 images. But make sure the images show different angles like front profile, side view, quarter view, and in various expressions, both close-ups and full body shots, and make sure it has various lightning when possible. This method takes more preparation, but gives you the most reliable results. And this is the method that I use when I work with different clients. And I also include some Photoshop in there to make it even better. Now, let me share some advanced techniques that most people don't know about. Character weight. This controls how strongly your character's features are preserved. I typically set this to 8 or.9 for maximum consistency. Another feature is the preserve key features. So, this can be a bit tricky. Turn this on if you want your character to always wear the same outfit. Turn it off if you want to change their clothes while keeping their face consistent. And one of the most underestimated features, this is where Open Art really shines. It's the pose control. So, you can use their 3D pose editor to position your character exactly how you want them. Let me show you how this works. One of the coolest features is creating scenes with multiple consistent characters. You can have your characters interact naturally without worrying they look different. Just select multiple characters from your library and describe how you want them to interact. The AI handles the rest. Here is how to do it. Click on add character up here to add your second character. And now simply describe the image you want to generate under the prompt box. But here's where it gets really exciting. You can animate these characters using Open Arts integration with Cling AI. Take any static image of your character and transform it into a short video with realistic movement. The key is being specific about camera movement and environmental effects. Instead of just saying camera moves, specify exactly how. Camera slowly orbits around the character as wind gently moves their hair. Now watch this transformation. [Music] I have tested every AI platform out there and Open Art consistently gives me the best results for consistent characters. The link is in the description below and make sure you check them out. And here's what you can do right now. You can pick one character idea that you've been thinking about and try the second method. Use the single image approach, create your characters, and see the results for yourself. Then come back and tell me in the comments what characters you created. I read every single comment, and I love seeing what you come up with. If this video helped you finally solve that consistent character problem, smash that like button and subscribe for more AI tutorials that actually work. And if you want to see how I use these characters to create entire stories, animated movies, check out this video right here where I show you my complete workflow from concept to finished animation.

  Top Comments:
  1. @raymondlowon7799 [3 likes]: Love the videos easy to follow.  One question when creating a character why does some cost 2000 and some 1000
  2. @RossioZam [3 likes]: Great thank you!  I created a pink snail!
  3. @Behlina [2 likes]: Ai sucks
  4. @eurossocial [2 likes]: Awesome tutorial! thank you! Very interesting! 👍🏼 Can we do that with Objects as well? For example a dog's house in different angles?
  5. @AlexandreOuellet-t3o [2 likes]: Tanks, this will become handy.👍
  6. @patriciaweaver7735 [2 likes]: Thanks so much for this i could not figure it out for myself 😊
  7. @ArrPKuu [2 likes]: Thanks you so much it is really helpful
  8. @mdigitalman [1 likes]: Thank you so much, this is exactly what I need
  9. @phalera [1 likes]: Thanks. Just wondering how you can also create consistent tools, buildings, artifacts etc, for the characters to live in and interact with.
  10. @mwarnas: 2:51 Skip to here, he’s waffling to fill time
  11. @MadamedePoop: Thank you!👍
  12. @dynks: ngl lovya AI's image/video gen is insane for this, zero filters and the deep rp with real memory means your characters actually stay consistent across chats, can't beat it
  13. @valkos3611: What a huge help. Even though this was created on an older version of OpenArt, still v e r y helpful. Thanks for sharing your knowledge. So generous!
  14. @samuelortizrivero4819: Dam this is soo useful wow. I just bought higgsfield aswell now openart, used your link
  15. @kagzo2: This is a fucken ad
  16. @parepaul1761: awesome
  17. @corle007: open art is not open, its payart. also they dont reward you for adding discord, etc as promised.
  18. @CanyonReign: oh this is a true chud
  19. @abdullahsabawi1202: thanks :) i hope you are not AI, lol.
  20. @MondeEmpire: Openart is also giving non-consistent characters

- How to Make an Animated Cartoon Video Using AI: Step-by-Step Tutorial: Kind: captions Language: en Want to create animated short films where characters actually talk, react, and feel real just like this? Wow, you're real. I was almost sure you were AI. Okay, real question. If this cafe suddenly caught fire, I'd save the coffee first, you second. >> In this video, I will show you exactly how to make scenes like this using only AI. No design or animation skills needed. Videos like these get millions of views and creators are already making money with them on YouTube. Let's jump right in. To create the animated videos, we will follow five simple steps. Step one is creating the story. If you already have a script ready, feel free to skip ahead. But if you don't, no worries. You can use Chat GPT to generate one in seconds. Here's a prompt template you can use. Just plug in your topic, define a theme, specify the target age group, the number of characters, desired story length, and tone of dialogue. I have added examples alongside each one to show you exactly what to fill in. These are the settings I will be using, but feel free to tweak them to craft fresh, engaging stories, and character dialogues for your animation. When you are ready, open Chat GPT and paste in the prompt template. Hit send and within moments, Chat GPT will generate a complete storyline with dialogues for every character. Once your script is ready, simply copy it and paste it into Google Docs or any text editor to keep your project organized. Now that the dialogues are ready, it's time for step two, adding voices. You can skip this step if you prefer to add voices later during the lip sync process. To begin, go to your script and copy the first dialogue of Liam. Open Chat GPT and enter this text followed by the dialogue and hit run. Just below the generated response, you will see three dots. Click on it, then select read aloud. Chat GPT will read the line in a natural, expressive voice. were AI. If you want a different voice, on the bottom left, click your profile icon and go to settings. This window will pop up. Under voice, use the drop down to choose from a variety of male and female voices. Select one and Chat GPT will now use that voice to read all your text. >> Hello. It's lovely to meet you. But there is no option to save the audio. For an easy workaround, open this Chrome extension. Now click add to Chrome to install the extension. And don't forget to pin the extension for quick access later. To record your audio, switch back to your Chat GPT tab and click on the extension. Then hit start capture to begin recording. To play the narration, tap the three dots, select read aloud, and the voiceover will get recorded. When finished, click the extension again and hit stop capture to stop recording and this page will open. Once the processing is completed, you can download the audio. Repeat this process for each character in your story. Be sure to name each audio file clearly so you stay organized. Once all character voiceovers are ready, we will move on to step three, creating the scenes. Using just two character images, let me show you what's possible. Here's the boy riding a motorcycle to a cafe. And here's another scene, a girl sitting at a cafe table with perfect consistency. Now imagine this, both characters sitting together inside a cafe or relaxing on a park bench. Every scene visually cohesive and perfectly consistent. Let me show you this in action. Okay, real question. If this cafe suddenly caught fire, I'd save the coffee first, you second. >> part, you don't need Photoshop. You don't even need any drawing skills. Let me walk you through how it's done. I'm using a platform called design.ai, an all-in-one creative suite with tools for image generation, lip sync, and animation. Inside design.ai, there's a new image model called Nano Banana and it's seriously impressive. Here's how to get started. Go to design.ai from the link in the description and create your account. Once you are in, click on new project. The first step is to set your canvas ratio and name your project. Then click apply. At the top, you will see the toolbar. And on the left are all the main AI features available in canvas. For this example, click on the canvas area and upload an image. Now, click on the uploaded picture. This will bring up the editing panel at the bottom. Click on chat editor and from the drop down on the left, select Nano Banana as your image model. You can also change the aspect ratio from here. To generate a scene from the image, you will need to enter a prompt. Let me show you a few examples. Here's the first one. The girl is sitting in a cafe placing an order with a waiter standing nearby. In this one, she's holding a cat while sitting at the same cafe. Then I uploaded a picture of the boy and typed, the boy riding a motorcycle. You can also upload more images by clicking the plus icon. Here's one with both the boy and the girl sitting together in a cafe. Just repeat this process to generate all your scenes and download them to your computer when you're done. Let's walk through the lip syncing process. To begin, click on the lip sync tab. You have two options to start with, pick a face image or upload a face video. Let's start with a face image. I will pick this image to upload it to the canvas. Design will automatically detect all the faces in the image making it easy to lip sync multiple characters in a single scene. Here's how it works. Click on the face you want to lip sync. To sync multiple characters, select them in the order they speak, first, second, and so on. Then click next. The image and selected characters will now appear in the timeline. Click on pick a voice for the first character to open this window. Under text-to-speech, enter the character's dialogue. Then under voice tone, browse through the voices and preview them before picking one. >> Hold on to your hats, folks. But as we already have our voice tracks prepared, I will switch to the upload audio tab and upload the audio file instead. Once uploaded, it will appear in the timeline. Repeat the process for any additional characters. Arranging each audio file in the timeline as needed. On the left panel, you get two generation modes. Pro is for multi-characters and better movement and clarity. Finally, click generate and in a few moments, your lip synced video will be ready. As you will see, the tool does an impressive job syncing lip movements. >> Wow, you're real. I was almost sure you were AI. Disappointed? But the character movements are quite limited. So, what if you want to take it a step further? Imagine your characters moving, reacting, even using gestures and expressions just like in a real conversation. That's exactly what design lets you do. With video lip sync, you can turn a still image into an animated video with lifelike motion and then sync it with audio. This approach allows your characters to move naturally, use hand gestures, and react with realistic body language. It adds a whole new level of expression and engagement to your scenes. Let me show you how it works. On the left panel, click on AI video. You will see that design integrates with some of the best AI video generators available. For this example, I will choose Kling 2.5. Next, click on the upload icon and select the image you want to animate. In the prompt box on the left, describe the kind of motion or expression you'd like to see in your video. For example, subtle gestures, head movements, or emotional reactions. Then, choose the duration for your video and click generate. Once your video is ready, simply download it to your computer and here's the result. To get more expressive results, you can also include hand gestures or body language cues directly in your prompt. To add lip sync to the video, click this tab to head back to the lip sync page. Click the upload a face video button to upload the video you just created. And just like before, it will automatically detect the faces. Select the faces and hit next. Then continue just as before and upload the audio of the first character followed by the second character. Arrange the audio in the timeline and hit generate. After a few minutes, your lip synced video will be generated. Click this button to download the video and here is the result. Wow, you're real. I was almost sure you were AI. Disappointed? This method brings your characters and scenes to life with greater realism and expression. By spending a little extra time refining the movements and overall scene, you will achieve a much more polished and professional result. Repeat this process for all the scenes you had created and turn them into video. Then lip sync them and download them to your computer. Once done, open any video editor, I will go with Clipchamp. Import all the video clips, arrange them in the order of your story, and export it as your short AI film. were AI. Okay, real question. If this cafe suddenly caught fire, Good answer. Shows priorities and honesty. Next time, don't be late. Next time. Don't ruin the moment. That's how you can create AI animated films using Design AI. Link in the description. If this helped, check out these other tutorials to see what else is possible with AI.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ChiCO2419 [1 likes]: Wonderful video
  2. @mochmis_wa_molhim [1 likes]: Is Dizine IA free, and how much credit for creating this video? Is the credit enough ?
  3. @ANIMALS-q8v [1 likes]: nice
  4. @theolympus1851: If you count how much costs to generate 10-100 seconds video with these services, you will be shocked...
  5. @BROWNNYGUSH: What ai tool should i use
  6. @Brownny-y6s7v: I swear 🤬 to do this thing a
  7. @baniCR7-m9b: Very ❤
  8. @muslimchik.999: maximum 5 fucking seconds not more
  9. @Bredenwr23: Okay,What happened to being free?
  10. @ZAhmadi-r1m: Free??
  11. @lisys511: AI is ok for private working, research, and private purposes BUT USING AI FOR EDUCATIONAL/ENTERTAINMENT PURPOSES IS A NO-NO!!!
  12. @saroprum87: these websites are free that right?
  13. @saroprum87: I like this video now i try to do kind of video
  14. @billysnotebook8910: I am enjoying the tutorial, thank you for this. It helps a lot for beginners. I would like to request you to make a full step by step tutorial of timetravelvlog like this. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HZRdKlOHogk I am really excited seeing the full tutorial from you. Thank you in advance.
  15. @GlobalFactsLab77: wow i gotta try this out soon 😄
  16. @Monkeysvlogsai: this is way easier than i thought
  17. @niamaulia6279: just what i needed to start animating
  18. @AlomGamingYT-wz7lr: When you showed scene-by-scene prompts, it made me realize my LongStories ai characters stay consistent only when I lock a style bible early.
  19. @jojodantv: Great video
  20. @eceiledijitalhaber: Good jop

- How To Make A Shadowdark RPG Character: Kind: captions Language: en hey everyone this is Kelsey from the Arcane library and I wanted to make a video today about how to make a first level Shadow dark RPG character so if you need some guidance or this is the first time you've done it you can just follow along and jump right in so all right to get started on the screen here you'll see that I have a few things open I have a digital dice tray so you can see what I'm rolling I have the shadow dark RPG core rules and then I have a list of what first level characters start with which you're going to find on page 14 of the core rules then of course I have a form fillable character sheet which is part of the Free Shadow dark RPG quick start download that you can get either on drive through RPG or on my website so um you'll want to have all this stuff ready to go before you get started if you have real dice definitely roll those it's more fun but I just want you to be able to see what I'm rolling so you can you know see the stats I've got here so okay getting started the first thing that we need to do is roll some stats which is going to be on page 15. how you do this um typically speaking is you roll 3d6 and you do it six times in a row and you just go down the line now this is probably one of the things people change most about character creation some game Masters will want people to roll six stats and assign them some people will let you roll all your stats and then swap too it doesn't really matter I'm just gonna go by sort of the Baseline standard here of fully random down the line and if you want to change it up in your own game that's totally cool so here we go first off let's roll some dice my first stat eight looking good so I'm gonna start to fill in this character sheet as we go so I've got an 8 for strength all right let's re-roll I've got four for dexterity this is so exciting all right here we go I've got a six for constitution guys this character is going to be phenomenal and I have a 14 for intelligence now that's not bad for wisdom it looks like I have a 12. and for charisma got a 12. so we you know we pulled it together there in the end so we're I thought we were about to have to re-roll our stats because if you don't get a number 14 or higher optionally in the rules you can reroll all your stats some game Masters won't allow that but um I think by and large it means that you'll have a character that's at least playable if you follow those rules so we have our stats now I want to show you guys on page 15 of the rules you can see in the upper above me corner here we see that stats have a number which is what we rolled on the dice and then a modifier which is a bonus or penalty based on how high or low the number is so that's the next thing that we're going to fill out here so when we're referencing our chart here we're looking at for example our strength is an eight so that means that we have a minus one modifier not the strongest person in the world here but that's okay now we're going to take a look at dexterity a 4 is a minus three now that really hurts because dexterity is an important number so it's going to be fun to try to keep this character alive with this and you know what we might even manage to do it so a six for our constitution that's going to get us a minus two all right oops we're through the hard part here the bad numbers now we're up to the good numbers so a 14 is a plus two wisdom plus one and Charisma plus one with those both being twelves all right so we've got our stats now the next thing that we want to do and bear in mind I would write these in pencil because your stats might change a little bit before your character creation is completely done but if we look at that list of what first level characters start with the next thing in line is a choice of ancestry now ancestry is kind of what kind of being you are so if we flip over here to ancestry we have a variety of options here some classic fantasy ancestries um and it's fun to get to choose here and start to bring your character concept together I think I'm gonna go with a human just because uh humans are a good standard especially if you're not sure what to go with it first so in ancestry over here I'm going to type human now note that under the human ancestry you'll see that the last one on the spread um they have something called ambitious this is a talent where humans get to actually have some bonus abilities now I'm going to write this in here just so we don't forget ambitious extra Talent at first level and you'll see where that comes into play in just a minute here but coming back now we chose our ancestry now it is actually time to choose our class so class is the the job or the specialty the skill set that your character has it's going to make the most impact as a part of their adventuring team so when we're looking at our classes here um I want to take us over to our rule book now under classes we actually have four options we have a fighter class which is someone who is a specialist at combat weapons and armor and strength is they're probably their most important stat either strength or dexterity the next option here is a priest now this is um a cleric and as some people know them but it's basically a mixture between a warrior and a holy person um who's gonna be able to wear some armor do pretty well in combat but also have some magic that's good at healing people um repelling the undead and the Unholy and kind of buffing so that's what priests are good at and their most important stats are probably wisdom and strength third option here is a thief thiefs are experts at exploring the environment they're good at climbing hiding sneaking stealing tinkering so they're really utility characters and their greatest strength and need is probably the dexterity stat and then our last option here is a wizard um Wizards are spellcasters they're very fragile um in combat they can't wear armor but they can cast magical Wizards spells which can be really powerful and can be really exciting especially when used in a good application so for them their most important stat is intelligence now looking at our character over here it looks like we've got a pretty decent intelligence score that's actually our highest number so I think we're gonna go ahead and be a wizard here wizard awesome and now we're starting off at level one and this is something that gets explained a bit later into the book but when you're first starting off um you need a certain number of experience points to attain the next level and at first level that's 10 so it's always 10 times your level and it always resets when you gain a new level so just starting off as a brand new fresh-faced first level character we don't have any experience points and we need to get to 10. okay so now I'm going to jump us back over here now we have chosen our class our class is going to give us a couple of other features and you can see in the spread here that we've got a few things going on so I want to go over that briefly first of all our weapons um that we can use are dagger and a staff we're not the best of combat and we can't wear any armor and our hit points at first level are 1d4 and we're going to roll that in a second here we know some languages and we also get to learn some spells so what I'm going to do is go ahead and pick some of this stuff out but before I do that I want to roll what my talents are so you'll see over on the right hand side here we've got wizard talents and these can impact our stats and they can impact things like the Spells we know so this is something we want to roll now at this point all right bringing us back over here so one class Talent rule at first level that means we roll two six-sided Dice and we see what we get here all right clear that I got a total of three so for a wizard what does that mean let's find out so a three means we can choose plus two to our intelligence Stat or take plus one to our wizard spell casting checks now plus two to your intelligence stat is almost always the right choice until your intelligence caps out at 18. so what I'm gonna do is say that our our talent is plus two intelligence stat and that's going to raise us up to a 16 which means our bonus jumps up to Plus 3. now remember when I told you because we're a human we get an extra Talent at first level that is going to be what we roll right now so we actually get two talents which makes humans really powerful and really cool so let's find out our second Talent we got a nine looking over at the talent table for wizards whoops that's not what I wanted so looking over at the talent table for wizards we see that a 9 is gain advantage on casting one spell you know I'm gonna note that down and we'll choose that in a little bit Advantage I just usually say that passing one spell and we'll choose that in a minute in fact I am going to put that under our ambitious marker so we know that's what we rolled so all right so we got our talent rolls situated and then I think the next thing we're going to do is roll our hit points which is listed right here our stats are set in stone now they're not going to change again after we've done our talent rolls so it's it's good to move ahead and I'm going to just quick roll our hit points now a wizard starts off with the one of the least hit points possible so one D4 and at first level only you add your Constitution modifier to your hit points in other versions of fantasy role-playing games like the fedition d d you add your Constitution bonus at every level but in this case you do not it's only at first level and for us that's good because we have a minus two on our constitution so we're going to roll 1d4 the minimum is always one so if we roll a number that would give us below one is our total then we just start off with one hit point like a classic wizard should here we go we rolled a one which means we are a one hit point wizard now that's exciting because that means it's going to be hard to Keep Us Alive and that makes it even more fun to try to play this wizard to success so we have our hit points we're going to choose the next thing on the list which is our background I'm going to take us over to the background page and that's something that we roll randomly to determine if we have any additional kind of cool skills as a result of our training before we became an adventurer and this is going to take a 20-sided die so let's cue that up what's our background we got a 14 so looking at the results here a 14 is a soldier this is fun so our wizard was actually a soldier at one point I can see why they're not a soldier anymore given their strength and other combat oriented stats so here we are now that might come into play at some point um in game and it's it's you know it's up to me as a player to suggest this to the game master but we might be in a situation where having some soldiering skills or knowledge or connections is useful and having that as my background might mean I could maybe make some rolls with advantage or I might have some connections that would be useful in certain scenarios so that's why we roll our background now we're going to do our choice of alignment which is up next page 27. you can see it here um there are three broad alignments in Shadow dark and catac lawful or neutral um we don't have to get into the weeds of picking apart the philosophies Behind These but generally speaking chaotic characters are like either selfish or evil lawful characters are either selfless law-abiding or good-hearted and neutral characters can be a little bit of a mixture of both um I'm looking at our Wizard and I think it would be interesting you know this person was a soldier at one point somewhat disciplined a member of society so I think probably they're a lawful Wizard and generally speaking on the side of the good guys so I'm going to have our alignment be lawful now now that we have chosen our alignment that means that we're going to know next what our title is which is going to be on page 30. so I'm going to jump straight to our titles here um we're looking at wizard titles so it's based on our level and our alignment and as we gain levels our title gets more cool and impressive and now titles don't have a super big game effect but much like your background they kind of have um like a Fluff style effect where you know um definitely an apprentice wizard is probably going to have fewer opportunities and doors open to them than say an arc Mage so as you're gaining Renown and notoriety through your adventuring your title might open some doors for you so we see that as a first level lawful wizard we are an apprentice and then I'm gonna just want to add that to my sheet here so Apprentice all right and we're reaching the end here so um if we were a priest character we would be then required to choose a deity a god um not not every character needs to have one but generally speaking because Priests get their magic from their gods they do need to choose one that matches with their alignment but I still think that our character will probably have some form of deity that they worship and the the deity that most um Wizards like is ORD or does the god of magic so I'm going to put ORD as our deity and now the last thing that we need to calculate here is going to be stuff relating to our combat ability and then also I want to write in a couple more of the things that Wizards get you know remember when we look back here we saw that we got quite a few different talents at first level so I'm going to take a minute to write those in I'm going to cut the video so you don't have to wait through that and we will be back briefly after that all right you all we're back um I added a few extra things to the character sheet I just want to briefly go over what those are if you're following along um corrected a little typo under wisdom I had say equals plus one instead of plus one so what I did was I chose um some spells I got to choose three Spells at first level which are going to be these three and remember my ambitious Talent gave me advantage on casting one spell I chose to have that attached to the detect magic spell you'll also see I wrote Advantage after magic Missile here um that's because all wizards get advantage on casting that spell and I just didn't want to forget that so I put it right there I chose some languages I got an extra one for being a human as well an extra common language languages are split between common and rare and really only Wizards and Priests can learn those rare ones which is why they're extra special and really useful and then um that that's kind of where we left off after Choosing My spells so um looking back at our to-do list for making this character the last real thing is starting gear and you'll see that here on page 33 I have that pulled up now your gear can impact your armor class which is how difficult it is for someone to actually um hit you and wound you in combat so that's why they're on the same page together um as a wizard I do not get to wear any armor I can't so my armor class is just 10 plus my dexterity modifier in that case and as far as my character goes my dexterity modifier is about as bad as it can get so my base Armor class is seven which is why I took the Mage Armor spell that's going to help me out later it's going to make my armor class naturally a lot higher so Armor class of seven and now we're gonna figure out how much gear we can have because we have our starting gold here first level characters start with 2d6 times five gold pieces to buy gear so first of all we're gonna roll add up let me grab our dice all right clear that out 2d6 so 7 times 5 that's 35 oh yeah I still remember math all right so 35 gold pieces to start off with and then when we look over at our gear um we have a few options so this is the gear table and we have the cost of basic gear and then on the following Pages we have a few more things we have a crawling kit which if you're making a character for the first time I would recommend going with because it gives you the basics of what you need to get adventuring and it only costs seven gold it uses up seven of your gear slots um gear slots are a thing in Shadow dark that determines how much you can carry so you can carry a number of items equal to either 10 or your strength number whichever is your strength stat whichever is higher so thankfully in our case we're going to go with 10 since our strength stat is so low which means that we have plenty of room for a crawling kit so I'm going to spend seven of my gold pieces on that and I'm also going to spend a little bit of cash on a staff or actually yeah you know I think a staff would be a great option um I can hit people in melee combat with the staff my other option would have been a dagger that could be a thing I buy as well but then I'm almost full up on gear already so I'm going to buy myself a staff and I will set that up real quick and then I will come back once I have that typed in and all my gear typed in and then we can finish up making our character all right everybody so we got our starting gear situated I bought that crawling kit and a staff from My Wizard I added the staff to my attacks on the character sheet you'll see in the lower left hand corner it's a melee weapon so it means that I use my strength bonus um as my number I add to my attack roll and then if I hit ideal 1d4 damage so I'm probably going to be standing back and casting magic Missile as much as possible now our character is almost done but we are missing one more thing and that is a super cool name so you can either have a name in mind but if you don't have one coming straight to mine on page 38 there's a great role table by ancestry so I am going to roll a D20 on this human table and we will figure out what the name of our character is let's see here a four that means that our character is named natias so awesome I'm going to write that in here Matthias Matthias the human wizard a former Soldier and now a spellslinger lawful Apprentice of ORD and that is the whole process thank you so much for following along I'll let you know how long nataya survives and I hope that you take a shot at building your own character here too thank you so much and happy gaming

  Top Comments:
  1. @ironclad1609 [2 likes]: We're gonna try SD for the first time on Friday, but using prepared characters for starters. I like what I am hearing about the game so far, and you are delightful. 
But I gotta say rolling 3d6 and just taking the result is haaaarsh. The nonchalance with which you accept 1 HP and a very low AC, oh boy :D We'll see where it goes with our DM when we create our own after the test.
  2. @Usammityduzntafraidofanythin [2 likes]: I like the OSR style artwork.  Like it's from the 1970s or 80s
  3. @TerryKandel-x8f [1 likes]: Been playing various games for many many years . Just started with Shadowdark . You're video is very informative . I really enjoyed it .
  4. @jasondelvaux3036 [1 likes]: Glad to know I'm not the only one who rolls this well.
  5. @deancoun6460 [1 likes]: :) Hello ! Great system , great charachters , great playability , great RPG " ShadowDark " ! 😊 !
  6. @jackeldridge4225 [1 likes]: Hide behind the Fighter.
  7. @raymondballard4297: Look forward to GMing this at Origins Con in June!!!
  8. @dunwitch: Great work!
  9. @Beer_goggles: You rolled Stephen hawking lol
  10. @victornubio: Is it possible to play with more than one class? A multiclass character? For exemplo: creating a Foghter and then leveling up a Wizard?
  11. @striker9936: Thank you for these videos plus including page numbers!  Can't wait to get started with this
  12. @TTCASUAL: This was FANATSTIC! Great video! I'm gearing up to run Shadowdark for the first time on my channels, and this was incredibly helpful! Thanks!
  13. @ShouldNotNeedChanelToComment: Question about calculating AC. Its just 10 + the Dex mod + whatever Armor you have right? So if my starting character has a Dex of 12 then his base AC would be 11. And if I purchased the leather armor that would bring it up to 23? (Base of 10 + modifier of 1 + Armor AC of 11+(Dex modifier)? Is that right? Because I was looking at the starting character Jorbin from the quick start packet and his AC is only 15 despite having Chain mail(13+dex mod). Am I doing something wrong with my starting characters?
  14. @alecheverriam: This Character reminds me Glokta
  15. @mauriciogastonpirizgonzale5387: 12:16 This is, at least for me, the most attractive part of Shadowdark, which is what convinced me to pick it up and study, at leats just for adding it to my TTRPGs reference/inspiration mind list. I love this game mechanic—it's super immersive and pro-roleplay.
I'm more of a fan of D&D 3.5e and Pathfinder 1e (no other D&D has done a better job of balancing art, lore detail, and mechanics in their books), I think they're the best... D&D 5e is a simplification for new generations.

10:45 The guy here looks like the classic stereotypical skinny, puny nerd: practically a 40kg skeleton whose entire body starts to ache if he walks more than 100 meters (I have a friend who is very into Minecraft and has been like this since he was 16 when I met him until now, even at his 30s XD). This was also common in medieval contexts, or just a couple of centuries ago in aristocratic people who suffered from anemia or some other debilitating condition. Very fun and nostalgic to play.
His Soldier Background screams at me that surely his father was a soldier and he forced his son to become a soldier too, using his own connections, hoping that the life and discipline would eventually toughen him up a bit... but our protagonist was a complete disaster and only got himself kicked out of disgust. And now he's decided to try to live his own life, dedicating himself to studying magic, but having to live knowing that he's a disappointment to his father. But at least he got to know some other people during his training, who are now soldiers, spread across various cities/towns.
  16. @scottjoewill: I love these. They're such a good walkthrough of the basics that if I needed to, creating a character isn't typically a super difficult thing to do, but it's such a well done video, it erases any questions I could have had about the process.
  17. @krakenunbound: Based D&D?
  18. @shepherd3716: I'd like to know what dice roller this is.
  19. @jackeldridge4225: Yup... you are a wizard
  20. @jeepeeonline: Hi, just a question about the talent "Gain advantage on casting one spell you know"; I understood that this talent applies to one spell from the spells known to the magician, not on all spells or more than one spell. But I see that you applies the ADV on the two spells, Detect Magic and Magic Missile... so is this the right way to apply this rule ?
Just to be sure that I understand well this rule... thanks for your video. Very cool game.

- The 5 Levels of Creative Diversity (most brands miss this): Kind: captions Language: en This is the age of creative strategy after Andromeda and here's what you need to know. So if you have any skin in the meta ads game right now, you know that the most important thing to your success is creative velocity as well as creative diversity in the platform. So I actually built a system that we've been using inside our agency at PGM that talks about the five levels of creative diversity so that we can help classify where our brands are at and what we could actually focus on that could help improve performance. [music] And that's exactly what I'm going to show you today. So let's dive in. Now, we're going to start at level zero, statics versus video. So, we're going to keep it really easy at this level right now. Right? If you only have statics or video, then you are at level zero. Many people start off using statics on the platform, that is totally fine. But in order to have any success on it, you're going to have to emerge into video at some point. Also, if you're still thinking about your creative diversity in the sense of, oh, I have both statics and videos in the mix, and that's kind of where you stop with it, then you're probably still at this level yet. So, let's move on to level one, right? Where things start to get a little interesting. Level one, format expansion. Now, format expansion is actually where I find a lot of brands stop, which is why they end up leaving so so much money on the table and really spinning their wheels with the creative strategy thing. But, I'm going to keep this one really simple for you. In order for you to have true creative diversity, you need to have visual diversity, which is why I still love doing an analysis at the format level because that's one of the easiest ways to change up your visuals. Now, this is actually a list of all the different formats that we use at the agency, which honestly comes in really handy when we're in a pinch to change things up for a brand. But to be honest, I found that there are very few unicorn ads that come as a result of just changing up the format. But it is important. I also like thinking about the formats as a really great way to stretch the learnings that you do have, especially from a messaging and angle or a persona side. Now, another thing that I want to sidebar on too, which is really important, is how I'm thinking about iterations or variations and creative tests moving forward. So, in the past, the way that I'd often see this being executed is you would have a image and you would simply swap out the messaging for the test. Similar thing for video, changing up the hook a little bit. Now, with this new algorithm really prioritizing visual diversity, something that we often do is we'll actually put all of our statics into one ad set, maybe we'll do that one to two times per month. I haven't found much of a performance reason to really segment them out in the way that we used to. And for video, we really do try to have the biggest visual range as possible within our tests. Sometimes we'll even combine it with images or shorter video clips alongside our creator content for instance. However, let's take a UGC video as an example right now. Typically, we'll try to do one standard video and then also have a green screen variation and then maybe a Tik Tok response bubble variation or maybe even a completely new visual altogether. My team often uses Story Blocks to get these unique visual assets, which has come in super handy, especially when we are doing more of that VSSL style content. Storylocks is also a longtime friend of this channel, and they are also the sponsors of this video. Storylocks has unlimited downloads of diverse and highquality media for one predictable subscription cost. They have 4K and HD videos, music, sound effects, images, and so much more. And something I also appreciate is their stock library is truly authentic, created by real artists. There's no generative AI content here. But something I am excited about for them that they've launched recently is their new AI toolkit. We've actually tested this on some ads recently and it's really cut down our post-production time. Specifically, they have AI video editing right now, which helps you take any footage clip and quickly customize it to make the perfect fit for your project. And then there's also AI voice over which gives you the ability to generate, refine and customize narration for any project. The AI voiceovers have crushed and resulted in a lot of top performers for us. The way that Story Blocks describes it, it's like having a post-production team right in your browser, which is actually really beneficial for your actual post-production team. I found in my experience. And the best part is is that everything on Story Blocks is 100% royalty-free, even for ads. To get started with unlimited stock media downloads at one set price, head to storyblocks.com/doraenny or click the link in the description. And now that brings us to number two, awareness expansion. Okay, so at this point, you've probably managed to get a number of different formats circulating in your account for both statics and videos. The next thing I really want you to do is analyze which part of the marketing journey you're primarily creating messaging to. At the unaware stage, for instance, users are unaware, unconcerned with a specific problem and they're not looking for solutions. Whereas, if they're product aware, they're already aware of their problem, potential solutions, and also how you compare in the marketplace. So, when you really think about it, when you're marketing to these different parts of the user journey, the messaging is very, very different. Now, often times what I tend to see with ad accounts that I'm doing audits for is they'll complain about launching an ad creative that does well for a week or two and then falls off a cliff. And when I actually investigate those creatives, I find, oh, these are actually more product or solutionaware type creatives and they're just churning out at the people that are available in that stage. So, for them specifically, they need to go further upfunnel. We've actually had major unlocks creating content that looks just like this for several of our clients cuz it was really able to not only get a conversion at a really great price, but also really fill more of that top of funnel. Now, I believe that your organic strategy is going to be even more important coming into 2026. I actually had a brand recently tell me that they've had their team stop working on organic content the last year. And candidly, those are the brands that I'm the most scared for. Another thing too that I want you to think about when it comes to awareness levels is sometimes what the actual industry or product is really does come into play here. For instance, I was working with a brand that sold a form of collagen and this is highly competitive in the US. So we realized, okay, what would actually be better for us was to go to the more solutionaware and really show users why we were better than what was out there in the competition. whereas they had a different product that honestly didn't have as much awareness. So we were like, "Oh, okay. We actually need to introduce more consumers to what this type of product is and really provide a lot more education." So that's where we decided to strategically go a little bit more upfunnel with our creative strategy. I actually have a video that dives into all of this, how you can market at each of these awareness levels. Definitely take a look if you haven't seen that yet. Next up, level three, desire and motivation expansion. Now, the next level of creative diversity is when your messaging and your content angles begin to expand on your customers core motivations and desires. This is where real human psychology comes into play and how you're able to develop creative that users can't help but feel like was made just for them. Now, there are a few different schools of advertising psychology thought, right? I've taught on this channel a few times about the 16 human desires, which I think keeps things really simple. And then very similarly, there's the life force 8 and the secondary motivators, which was something that was explored in the popular advertising book cashising. I actually saw this really great tweet from Nick Shackleford the other day about why narratives were so important in your ad account. And if you take a look at this and you're like, "Huh, how can I have different narratives in my ad account?" And uh this is the way that you can do that. And essentially, you can harness these desires to connect with your customers in brand new ways, leaning into romance, societal approval, tranquility, even power. These are ones that are very, very popular in advertising. And once you know them, you start to see them everywhere. And what's really cool is these desires or motivators go a long way in getting that diverse range of messaging and even can really help with the visual diversity as well. Again, do a scan of your ad account. How many desires or motivators are you actually marketing to? And number four, audience segment and use case expansion, aka personas. So after you've expanded on your formats and your awareness levels and your key human desires, the next thing that you can do is start marketing to entirely new groups of people. And the reason why I also included use cases here is often times different personas will have completely new use cases for your products or reasons why they are using your product. Let's take Jones Miracle Bomb product for instance. There's the mommies who want a quick and easy routine. There's the Gen Z crowd that love a no makeup makeup look. And then there's the millennial crowd that's starting to age and have really dry skin. Not that that sounds familiar. Now, I've seen brands be able to transform their business literally overnight by just tapping into a newer profitable persona. Hell, some brands just need to figure out who they're marketing to in the first place. Am I right? But to really remain competitive with the Andromeda algorithm, it is super helpful to give that algorithm more personas that it can target. And if you're having a hard time figuring out your personas, I've found the motions AI tagging that now has an intended audience tag to be super super helpful here. And as a baseline gut check, looking into your demographic breakdowns directly inside of Ads Manager is something that I do uniquely for every single test and just as a whole every single month on an ad account. And I'll keep it 100 with you. Nothing competes to actually just stalking your customers on social media. Easier to do when you're smaller, but I still think it's really, really valuable even as you start getting to the eight and nine figure range. And then this brings us to number five, true creative diversity. I'm curious if any of you think that you have this. Now, I think true creative diversity can be reached in a number of different ways. And candidly, it always looks a little different every time I see it. For some brands, it's going to be excelling at everything above across a suite of products. And many of these products are going to be again tapping into those unique personas or use cases. And for others, it's going to be really capitalizing on a unique and brandowned organic content strategy. So, think apothecaries documentaries or Clue's episodic content. I also find brands who are routinely engaging more with celebrities tend to be inching more towards this notion of true creative diversity simply because they have the budget and the creative operations figured out. And another part of true creative diversity is also just a mindset shift to be honest. If you can honestly say that your content strategy is at the heart of everything that you do within your business, then you might be at level five. And that's it. I hope you guys found this video helpful. I'm curious which level of creative diversity you and your business are at. Let me know and I will see you guys next week. Love you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @DaraDenney [4 likes]: Which level of creative diversity do you think you're at?
  2. @jomboto [3 likes]: Are you still relaunching the Performance creative master course?
  3. @JuliaONb [1 likes]: Very interesting, thank you so much! One QQ: when you test different personas, do you use different ad sets or mix everything together in one given the new algorithm? Also, any chance you've written any articles on related topics?
  4. @equitymarketingagency [1 likes]: This is awesome, Dara. Quick question. If I'm understanding correctly, in order to properly audit an ad account for creative diversity, the first grouping would be persona. And then within each persona, you would group by core motivators and desires. And then within each core motivator and desire, there would be awareness levels. And then within each awareness level, there would be different formats. Am I getting that right?
  5. @SamuelCanoPrieto [1 likes]: Hi Dara! Could you share the complete ad creatives list?
  6. @jamland7: "for some brands its going to be selling everything above across a suite of products" I barely understood the gist but I absolutely didnt understood this one. Can you dumb it down a smidge?
  7. @mahmoudmatar1196: Hello Dara Denney, I'm now dubbing into Arabic. Thank you for this valuable content.
  8. @generaciondigital140: Spanish?
  9. @userexperienceresearchers: This breakdown of creative diversity is so good. It really shows that scaling ads today is less about small tweaks and more about expanding formats, awareness levels, motivations, and personas strategically. For working marketers and founders, this framework gives a clear roadmap instead of guessing what to test next. It turns creative into a system, not just content, and that mindset shift is huge for long term growth.
  10. @jessie-laura: Hi Dana, i love your content and signed up for the motion Creative Strategist Bootcamp. I'm super excited, I'm curious if you have ever worked with companies/ brands in the arts industry, or non-profit environment. (Museums, Art galleries, art festivals, auction houses, etc) Thanks!
  11. @WilhelmLyons: Cluely mentioned :face-fuchsia-tongue-out:
  12. @larissabecker1893: love this content!
  13. @GrowthLab-e8t: Hi Dara. Super helpful. With so many ideas, what’s your process for prioritizing which to test first?
  14. @learning11-d3g: Dara. How are manual carousels working now days. is that even a thing to do in 2026
  15. @cristian.daczo1: Hey Dara, can you please correct my defintion of the Angle (i'm soo confused): 
For example: Coffee doesn’t give focus — it creates unstable stimulation.
This is your Core Message that you are trying to portray to your customer through your ad. (what you want the customer avatar to believe)
The Angle is the strategic approach you present this message in your ad, it can be presented as this information was found by a research in China lets say and therefore this is called a Discovery angle, OR you may communicate this message through explaining the mechanism of how coffee is bad for you as it spikes the cortisol and then you get the afternoon crash and then how to fix it with our product and therefore this is a Mechanism Reveal angle.  
I think I am a bit off here so can you please redirect me and give me an example as well so its easier for me to understand it?🙏🙏
  16. @felicianoamerico: Conteúdo incrível 😊😊😊
  17. @emilyyoun9394: Hi Dara! Longtime fan of your channel! When will the creative strategy course be available to purchase? Thank you!
  18. @AbdelwahidBenzerrouk: So clear and super helpful:) and now we understand the level of diversification we should do, how we can organise all that in our ad account? haha
  19. @Femi-supplements: where do you find so many great creatives? i mean i know to look in meta ads library, but i tend to only look at my competitors in my industry, but it's just not enough for inspirations
  20. @GemmaSayer-l4v: You mention Motions intended audience AI tagging tool to give you a top level view on demographics to begin looking at personas in more detail. Is there anything else that can be done at this level to gain the best understanding possible of a brands users? You mentioned stalking users on socials so would this be in line with user research?

- The NEW WAY To Test Facebook Ads (Post Andromeda): Kind: captions Language: en Facebook advertisers are losing their minds when it comes to testing ad creative now that the Andromeda update has been rolled out. I'm seeing so many mistakes being made around this. And in this video, I'm going to show you how we're still able to test ad creative post Andromeda. And we're spending more than $15 million a month across hundreds of ad accounts. We do a lot of testing. >> OH MY GOD. OKAY, IT'S HAPPENING. EVERYBODY STAY CALM. >> WHAT'S THE PROCEDURE, EVERYONE? WHAT'S THE PROCEDURE? >> STAY CALM. OKAY, so let's quickly make sure that we all understand the problem that I'm talking about here. Now that the Andromeda update has been rolled out, one of the big impacts from that is that we now know we need more ad creative diversity. We need more ad creative and we need it to be different, each individual piece to be different from the other pieces of ad creative that we're uh running within within a campaign within an ad set. If you create ads that are just variations of other ones, let's say there's five different ads that all very similar, you're testing different elements, Metal will just pick one of those, put that into the auction, the others won't get a fair crack at it. If you create other ads that are very different visually, could be a different ad format, image versus video, could be uh something that looks very different, then fine. Meta will treat that as a separate ad and and put that into the auction and give that a go and see how it can perform. Now, Meta is doing that because they're recognizing that different people respond to different ad creative. They're also trying to overcome ad fatigues. They're thinking creative diversity, excellent. That's going to help advertisers get better results. But it does create a real problem when it comes to testing. And that's that if you find a winning ad format, let's let's take an image for example. You want to make as much of that as you possibly can. And you also want to get more detailed and test the various elements to see if you can improve performance. So, for example, you might have a winning image and think, right, I want to test different text overlay on the image. I want to test different background color. I want to test it in in that color versus black and white. I want to test including a price banner or not. Well, because those are all relatively minor tweaks of the one image ad, Meta could easily look at those and go, "Nah, they're all the same thing. We're only going to choose one, and that's the only one that actually gets any any budget and any chance to to perform and generate the lead sales, whatever it is you're optimizing for." But we know as advertisers that changing the text overlay, for example, on an image ad can have a massive impact on performance because that might be the thing that either gets people to pay attention to the ad or not. It might be the thing that convinces them to take action or not. It can have a really big impact. So whilst the system might not recognize them as different ads, we know that that can have a big ad performance and we want to be able to test this. What that has led a lot of meta advertisers to do is just guess cuz they're thinking, well, each ad creative needs to be really different. So, for my image ad that includes the founder holding the product, for example, um I'm just going to have to guess that this is the right text overlay to put with it. That's not a great place for advertisers. That's not how we want to do things properly. That's not how professionals operate when it comes to to performance marketing or when it comes to advertising. So, you can test this properly and you absolutely should. The way you do it is with the creative testing tool that I'm going to to demonstrate in a minute. So, let me show you how this creative testing tool works. It's very simple. It's included within within Ads Manager. Um, it's actually the ad level. So, I've just created a quick example leads campaign. You can obviously do this with other campaign types as well. But if you come to the ad level and you scroll down beneath I haven't set up anything else about this ad um yet. I just want to focus in on this. Beneath where you set up your ad creative, you've got this creative testing. Now you can see here here it says compare up to five different versions of your creative in a test that helps ensure delivery to new test ads. That's the really important part. This is why this tool is the perfect solution to the problem created by update when it comes to ad creative testing. So if we click in here, we can better understand it, right? So we can test between two and five different ads. We don't have to just do one, you know, ad A versus ad B. We can test a whole bunch. I'm going to do two for demonstration purposes now, but absolutely fine to to do more at once. You then say how much of your budget should go to test ads. This is just a quick example campaign. Um, this has only got a £25 daily budget. So, I can say, look, use all the budget within this campaign ads set or ads set um for the test or just use a proportion of it. Totally up to you. Um, how long should we run the test for? The default is 7 days, but you can increase this time frame should you wish to. This will depend. What you want to do here will depend on the conversion volume you're likely to generate. So we want to see for example which ad generates a better cost per lead. So we need to make sure that we run the test long enough so that we generate enough leads to have data that we can actually use and and rely on. Now this part is really really important down here. The default for me within this example is cost per post engagement. So how do you want to compare performance? Cost per post engagement. Absolutely not. That is not what I want to measure. I want to measure how well this does on a cost per lead basis on a cost per sale basis whatever it is the most important metric. not engagement. So I want to come in here and change this in this instance to cost per lead, but there are obviously lots of other options as well. Now when I've done this, this is also another important part. It says since your duration or budget changed, the recommended key metric was updated the drop down. Basically that's why they put it cost per um [clears throat] engagement using this metric can help you get more information results with high confidence. So what they're basically saying here without actually saying it but I can translate for you to some extent is that look only spending £25 per day over a seven day period and optimizing cost per lead that might not be either enough spent or long enough to be able to know which ads within this test produce a better cost per lead. So in this instance what we would likely either need to do is increase the budget. we'd have to increase the adset or campaign budget, right? Because that's we can't go beyond the total or increase the time frame or both, right? To the point where we now have enough data to be able to run this test. And no, I'm just going to leave that as is for now. But just wanted to quickly highlight that this is how you go ahead and set that up. So then I go ahead and click confirm. And what you'll see happens very simply is that within this sort of ad here, we've got these two test ads. And then we can go ahead and you can see these ads are same setup as a regular ad. But we could go ahead and add in different uh creative in this instance, but you can also test other things by the way, but we could add in different creative into this ad and then come up to this ad and add in other creative. In fact, I did a little run through a second ago. So, let me show you what that looks like. So, this is an example test that we might want to run um for our ad creative. So, this is an image that has worked well for us in the past. We've run this um in ad campaigns for a little while now, and it's an ad for my mentorship program. By the way, if you're interested in your program, link in the video description, you can find out more. We have unlimited one-to-one support. Um, daily live calls Q&As with me, my expert team members, like tons of support, really good program if you're interested, to go ahead and check that out. But anyway, this is a image that we've run for mentorship program. So, very simple format, picture of me, um, some results that people have achieved with my own mentorship program. Uh, fairly standard image ad, right? Want me to mentor you? We know this works. So, we might go, right, I want to test this against very similar versions of this, but tweak some stuff. So, here we've got a black and white version of me. We might want to test this against, if I just scroll down, it loads up a color version, right, with a little bit of a different background. Instead of just the solid blue background, we've got sort of uh a desk and um and our office behind with some people sat there and and that be the the look of the ad. Meta could easily look at those two ads and go, "These are the same thing. We're only going to put one into the auction." If we weren't using the creative testing tool, but because we are, Meta will now give these ads a proper go. And what they would do as part of creative testing, it's not just about giving it budget. It's also they're going to keep the delivery of those ads separate so that you can do a proper test so that you go, okay, group A within our audience is going to see this ad. Group B within our audience is going to see this ad. And then we can compare performance based on um the metric that we selected. In this case, was cost per result, but could be something else. Once this test has completed, once that time frame has run out, meta will then usually go ahead. You do want to double check because it doesn't always happen, but usually then spend more money on the winning version and you could always turn off the uh the other version and delivery will return to normal and you can go about your ads will be put in front of people as would happen anyway. But this can be a great way to narrow in on the finer detail and actually work out, okay, this element does improve performance versus this element. We could see, for example, a 10% 15% difference between the black and white version and the color version. That would absolutely be worth finding out and we don't want Andromeda to prevent that and this is how you get around it. Hyro is the best tracking and attribution software for meta ads. It's a software all the big players in this industry use including myself. I use it to track results for my own ads as well as all my organic results as well. So if someone books a call for our done for you services for example, I can see exactly where that person came from with a lot of accuracy. That allows me to make better decisions for my marketing and my business. Hyro has been able to track that from our ad spend in this campaign we've generated £96,000 but £58,000 of that was not reported by Meta. So if I was just looking at my data within my meta ad account I might come to the conclusion that this campaign is doing okay but in reality this campaign is doing a lot lot better. Now this is a relatively extreme example because of the nature of our business. So most of our products services have recurring billing elements. Meta might be able to see what we make initially from our ad spend on that initial transaction, but not those subsequent payments. That's why it it shows the importance here of being able to accurately see what we actually get from our ad spend in order to be able to make better decisions and optimize correctly. So, if you want to improve the performance of your ad campaigns without having to touch your ads, go ahead and sign up to Hyros. There is a link in the video description. Now, there are a couple of other things I need to mention around this creative testing tool. Firstly, it's not as important if you are testing very different ads anyway. So, if for example, you're testing an image ad versus a video ad, meta is going to treat those as different ads, the Andromeda update is not going to get in the way. You'll be able to test. Now, the delivery is probably going to overlap. You might want that might be better performance, but if you are looking to do a strict test to find out, does A perform better than B? Even if they're very different, you can still use greater testing tool. But the Andromeda update is not going to affect that. It's not going to get in the way of that process if the ad's very different. either different formats or very different visuals. So, what we'll often find is that the initial round of testing, we're less likely to use the creative testing tool because we're finding out the big stuff. What performs better, image video, what performs better, UGC style video versus, you know, really professionally produced versus founder, those sorts of things. But then when we were to get into the more detail, and often the winning happens in working out the detail, then we're going to use the the creative testing tool a lot. Another instance where I really like using it is to test video hooks. So, if you've seen my content before about video ads or hooks, you'll know that hooks are incredibly important to your meta ads. The hook, by the way, is the opening scene, the opening line, usually about the first 3 seconds. And you can take a video ad that's performed really well, change the hook, and it will perform really poorly, even though you're only changing the first couple of seconds. Likewise, you can do the opposite and massively improve an ad because the hook is what convinces people either to pay attention to it or not. Um, and if they don't pay attention to it, they don't find out about your product or service, they don't take the action that you want to take. So, when we create video ads, often what we'll do is we'll create just a handful, maybe a couple of full ads, but then we will create lots of different hooks with different visual locations, maybe change the opening line so that we can create, say, 20 different ads, even if we've only produced two full bodies because we've got 10 different hook variations for each. and then we will test those and you'll often see massively varying differences in results between the different hook options. Now with Andromeda, this doesn't seem to happen all the time by the way because a lot of people say this and yes, we've seen it in some instances but not all. What Andromeda post Andromeda what Meta will now do is they might look at two ads that let's say are 40 seconds long and they're identical other than those first few seconds and and make the same calculations we talked about previously. Aha, these are basically the same ad. we're just going to put one into the auction, the other one's not going to get a look in. That is absolutely not what you want to do because just like I discussed previously how changing the text overlay on an image is massively important, changing the hook on a video ad is incredibly important. You absolutely want to be able to test between different um video ad hooks. So, the creative testing tool, exactly what I just showed you, is is absolutely the right way to do that. and you can test the different hooks and then you can introduce and then what you can do basically let's say you test five different hooks same main body of the ad but different hooks find out which is the winner and then put that into your ad set without the creative testing alongside other very different ads that's when you then test okay this is a UGC style ad versus founder ad versus product demonstration video ad um type setup right that's how you go about doing it so please do not throw out the hook method the changing of hooks which is what a lot of advertisers are If you've got a video out that's performed really well and you want to get more out of it, it's a really timeefficient and effective way of doing so is to go and record a bunch of new hooks, edit them onto the front, and then test. You can do that through the creative testing tool. I really have seen a lot of advertisers say you can't do that anymore. You can. You just got to use the creative testing tool. Um, I know I'm probably uh hammering home the point here, but I think this is this is really key to a lot of how we test going forward. And I think in general I want to help meta advertisers relax post Andromeda because the standard recommendation now is that you produce 20 plus ad creatives and every single ad creative needs to be completely different from the others. That's an enormous amount of work. It's difficult to produce 20 ad creatives even if you are using say the hook method and five of the ads are exactly the same but just with different hooks or you're creating variations of an image that's still work. But to reduce 20 pieces of ad creative that are totally different from one another and run all those in an ads set together, I think is unrealistic for a ton of businesses. And actually, I'm starting to see this put people off and get in the way of them making progress cuz it just it it feels like too large a burden. The juice isn't worth the squeeze. It's like if I have to make 20, I'm not going to bother making one. when actually if you just tested a couple of new ads every now and then compounded over time that can make a massive uh difference to your ad campaign performance and is well worth doing. So don't let this massive creative requirement put you off. The way I would look at meta ad creative production and testing uh it would be similar to a diet, right? Better to go with a a creative production schedule that you can stick to as opposed to the one that's perfect. Just like with diet, we all know what a perfect diet looks like. Can anyone realistically stick to a perfect diet all the time? No. So, we need to go with the option that is realistic that we can actually stick with. And that might mean that you launch a campaign with four very different creatives and perhaps a few different variations. That's absolutely fine. And if you want more info on meta ad creative, check out this video here. In that video, I react to a number of different meta ads found by my team in the meta ads library. I hadn't seen them before I watch this video. Some are great, some are terrible. Well worth a watch.

  Top Comments:
  1. @JeffBrown-h1l [1 likes]: Does this mean the 2 campaign system need not be two campaigns? ie Scale and Test. So we now run one and use the Creative testing?
  2. @BenHeath: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  3. @karunamayiholisticinc: does this mean we no longer need to do ad set budget optimization for Ad testing?
  4. @aarush_119: This is good but before this I used to follow CBO or ABO testing It worked for me at that time
  5. @RealestatephotographyEasymode: on meta calls is there phone screening
  6. @jhoncandia: thnks
  7. @IsraAyasrah: can I add new creative iterations for the winning ad after an ad has launched?
  8. @jonathanmui6764: The problem is that you can only run one test at a time. When you spend 4k/d and have 50+ creatives across 4-5 concepts this takes forever.
  9. @madsrasmussen4306: Very good video.
  10. @AmarilisWernex: Achei bem interessante o ponto que você destacou sobre a importância de testar não só criativos diferentes, mas também abordar públicos com intenções variadas dentro do funil. Faz total sentido e é algo que às vezes a gente negligencia. Eu mesmo, depois de tanto apanhar com inconsistências de dados e bloqueios, comecei a usar o DICloak pra gerenciar múltiplas contas e, sério, facilitou muito minha vida. Dá pra focar mais nos testes e otimizações sem me preocupar tanto com interrupções inesperadas.
  11. @AmarilisWernex: Ben, achei interessante quando você falou sobre priorizar a segmentação ampla nas campanhas de teste A/B. Tenho testado algo parecido, mas às vezes sinto que algumas escolhas de criativo acabam performando melhor em públicos mais específicos. Será que é uma questão de variação do nicho ou tem algo que eu possa ajustar na análise dos dados?
  12. @RafaelBelor: would you still upload all ad creatives into the same adset? if i have an ad that is working well, and want to run a new creative, should i put it in the same adset or create a new one?
  13. @marcmcdermott4742: I've run a few of these now where the ad distribution is definitely not equal. In some cases facebook showing 95% of one ad. Other tests though the tool worked as it should with equal distribution. Have you seen this? Is this a bug you think?
  14. @soniavarghese1515: Once we finalize a winning ada we need to make more variations like that to scale right
  15. @mel12ab: How does the testing work for custom events created via google tags manager? It seems like you can only test for standard events.
  16. @nohopelouis3312: great stuff. subscribed !
  17. @millicentquoilin9044: Hi Ben, I noticed that I can no longer upload a story dimension for my Ad. The upload option is not longer there.  Do you have a video that covers this change?
  18. @FigTreeCommunications: How does the creative testing compare to having mutliple ads in an ad set?  Won't Meta put more money towards the ad that does better?
  19. @TenilleWilliamsTV: Hey Ben, thanks for all your valuable videos. I started setting up a testing campaign to use creative testing for the first time but it would not allow me to choose Purchase conversions as the metric due to advertising both in and out of the EU. Do you only use creative testing in certain countries, then move winning ads to broader locations?
  20. @AmarilisWernex: Bem interessante a ideia de focar mais nos dados pós-Andromeda pra ajustar os criativos. Já tentou usar públicos bem segmentados pra testar várias versões do mesmo criativo? Tenho testado isso com bons resultados, mas sempre fico em dúvida se devo priorizar CTR ou CPA nos primeiros dias de teste. Alguma dica?

- How Meta's Andromeda Update Has Changed Music Marketing: Kind: captions Language: en A lot of people have been asking me my thoughts on Meta's new Andromeda update and how it applies to musicians running ads promoting their music. And it's been a lot. Andromeda update changes everything. The way you're running your campaigns here is no longer correct. I think meta ads could be dead due to the Andromeda update. Been struggling a lot since the Andromeda update. This person says their cost per conversion get five times better. It looks scary when you look it up. And you know, if you know me, you know that I do consulting. And so when I'm talking to people one-on-one, they're asking me like, "What am I doing differently from the Andromeda phase?" So in this video, I'm going to show you what my numbers have been like and talk a little bit about what I've been doing differently over the last few months. But I want to start off by showing you a poll that I ran in my community section on YouTube. Have you seen any difference in performance since the Andromeda update on Meta? 20% said yes. So not that it's better or worse, just that have you seen a difference? 15% said no. And 65% said what update. So, uh, for essentially the people who are aware of the Andromeda update, it's kind of split on if they're seeing any difference at all. And then the vast majority of people just haven't even noticed that there's an update at all or any difference essentially. This here is one of my ad agency's ad accounts. Um, depending on how working with people, we either run stuff through their ad account or if they don't have anything set up and or they have a lower budget, we run it through our ad account. So, this is one of those ad accounts that we use. These are all campaigns that have been launched in the last month. Okay. Okay, so all these campaigns have been launched in the last month and their this is like their performance in the last month up to November 16. So all of this is post Andromeda update and you know you're going to see a big spread of performance here. Let me zoom in. 16 cents 344. Uh by the way, if you're brand let me let me give you a little 5 seconds of context here. On my channel I have a bunch of videos talking about running ads support your music and streaming platforms. I will link to one of those video tutorials here. So if you're new to this, you can check it out. There are a million different types of ads you can run. I might do future videos about different types of campaigns. Maybe I'll talk about some of that here. But in this case, I want to focus on the like streaming campaigns, artists promoting their music and streaming platforms because that's what most of you are running. That's the reality. Most artists are running that type of campaign. There are other campaigns like lead generation campaigns, tour promotion campaigns, sales campaigns to sell your merch or Patreon subscriptions or whatever. This is the most common campaign that artists run. So that's what we're focusing on for now. So check that video. I'll link I'll link that video at the end screen as well. Um, let's get into this. So, this is all performance and and typically a what I consider a great performance is 20 to 30 cents a conversion. There's a little nuance here depending on what countries are being targeted and all that, but if it's my normal country spread, um, 20 to 30 cents is great. 30 to 40 is good. 40 to 50 is like meh. Over 50 is different levels of of bad depending on the countries. Again, under 20 is phenomenal. And that's kind of always been the case. It was the case a few years ago. What's the case now? So, these are all new campaigns. Uh 19, we have 34, 39, 51, 23, 29, uh 51, 23. So, like we have we have a bunch of good ones. We have a bunch of great ones. We have a bunch of not so great ones, right? This isn't unusual. Uh like we even have a dollar10 one here. We have a 26-cent one here. I'm not scrolling up all the way just because when stuff gets too new, like we start getting into it's just bad because it's like been launched in the last few days. So, all of these, as I said, have been launched in the last month, but I'm skipping ones that have been launched in the last week because those ones just take some time, right? I'll give you a little preview here. These ones are This one's only spent $70. Uh, typically by the time it spends like 150 like this one, it should be better. So, like this one is suffering and we're we're we're trying to fix that, right? Anyways, uh some campaigns do better, some campaigns do worse. Some campaigns you run all the way to their planned budget, and some campaigns you end early because they're doing so bad. Like this dollar 10 one, the client that this campaign's for, unless we can pull a magic trick and really turn things around, we're probably going to tell them that we should turn this off and pivot to a different song, right? That's the reality of it. This one, they're adding more money. That's why we're spending $200 a day because it's doing so crazy good. And this is actually only tier one countries, so it's actually even more phenomenal. And I won't get into the weeds and all of this. Um, but like if if you you've been around running meta ads for any period of time, you'll notice that this is pretty much the same spread of performance that you would have seen like a while ago, like 6 months ago, a year ago, two years ago. This is like normal. You get you get some winners, you get some losers, you get some mid. And usually the way I normally kind of assume it is if an artist releases 10 songs, they're going to have two winners, two absolute losers, and six on some bell curve in the middle. Right? So if you ever seen a a bell curve, right? You have a couple winners, a couple losers, and a bunch that are somewhere spread in the middle just because that's life, right? Some stuff wins, some stuff loses. even if it's the same artist making the same quality music in the same genre. It's just some songs are more marketable, some songs are not, and some artists will do better and some artists will do worse. But that's what I assume going in. And that's kind of my handy guide that like, hey, if if we just got a stellar performing song, we're probably not going to get another one with the next song, right? So, let's milk this one. Or if we're getting a bad one, hey, let's pivot to a different song, we're probably not going to get another awful one. We we're either going to get a great one or we're going to get somewhere in the middle, assuming the music's great, right? If the music sucks, then it's going to be bad most of the time. So, you see my performance and and really my answer is like I'm seeing the same performance now as I was before. Uh the only reason that I noticed that the Andromeda update existed is because of everyone messaging me panicking about the Andromeda update, which I understand. But then when they started messaging me, I started looking into it and then I started realizing like, oh, this is kind of weird that I'm not seeing any difference. Now, as I said, I do talk I do consulting and every time that I've hopped in a call with someone like, "Hey, my ads haven't been working since the Andromeda update." What we do, we look at an old campaign pre- Andromeda updates, which I think was October, I think, was the official global rollout of the Andromeda update, and we look at, let's say, like 6 months ago, right? So, we look at like May or June, look at their best campaign running then, and we just basically relaunch it. Same ads, close as we can possibly get with the targeting. might have removed a lot of targeting options or consolidated them and everything else exactly the same that we possibly can control and then you just compare them, right? Because that's like a perfect apples to apples comparison every single time. Every like this isn't like a nine out of 10 I'm rounding up. Every single time I've talked to someone about the Andromeda update and we've set up an old campaign to see what the difference is. It did exactly the same. We're within like a margin of error of the previous one. And it it ended up being the conclusion. And I don't have follow-ups with everyone, so I don't like I there' be people we set this up and then I I I haven't talked to them yet to see how it went. But all the people that I have seen follow-ups with, it ended up just being that the recent campaigns they ran just weren't hitting. Meaning like the song just wasn't hitting and they just needed to pivot to different tracks. I've I've seen people who said the Andromeda update was messing their ads and they launched a new song. the new one did great. Uh, and then also the people that have tried launching an old one and launched it, they learned that, okay, it was it's actually just these songs. These other songs were perfectly fine. It's just this new song. Now, that all being said, I want to show you some things that that I have changed over the past few months, not because of the Andromeda update, just because it's been kind of the way things have been going, and also talk about some reasons why maybe I in particular, my agency hasn't seen difference in per differences in performance since the Andromeda update. It seems to be that if you're if you're running certain types of campaigns, the Andromeda update may be more of a thing or not. But anyway, let's get into it. I have a new empty campaign here. I want to show you some some tricks. I guess typically use advantage campaign budget. This is something that I do sometime most of the time and sometimes I don't turn this on. And and by the way, some of these features I I think are going to be inconsequential and some of them are going to be important. This is one that I don't actually think matters when it comes to the Andromeda update as much. What this feature does, it allows Meta to optimize the spend across different audiences. And I use this most of the time. And I think this could be one thing that actually helps because you're the whole point of Meta's Andromeda update is that they're they have this new machine learning algorithm that can match ads to people more accurately. And so essentially they're saying like their AI has gotten really good at matching the right ad to the right person in that audience. So, if you give metamorph flexibility to bounce between your audiences, this should be an improvement versus what you're doing before, not a a problem. And so, if you've been trying to manually control the differences between your adsets, that's one possible theory as to why maybe you're seeing worse results, if you are in fact seeing worse results. But, I've always been doing this for years. I've I've been using advantage campaign budget. It used to be called campaign budget optimization. So, that's one small thing. I'm not 100% positive on that, but that's one theory. The next thing that's quite new in meta is this advantage plus audience thing. This can look different depending on what version of meta ads you're on. Sometimes it'll say advance plus audience audience controls. There'll be two different sections. Sometimes it looks like this and there's one section. Sometimes it'll say switch to original audience options down here and sometimes it says further limit the reach of your ads over here. Uh that that just depends on what version of Facebook you're on. You can't manually switch and it's not a new old thing. It's just they're always beta testing features. I don't like the Advantage Plus audience thing. I find it completely ruins campaigns. And I suspect that some of the people that say they're getting better results for these type of campaigns are using Advantage Plus. And the problem with Advantage Plus audiences is it looks better on Facebook, but it's significantly worse on the actual Spotify, Apple Music streaming number side. Let me know in the comments if you're if you're different, but I've seen people get like, "Wow, I'm getting like really good results." And it's actually the opposite problem. They're using some of this Advantage Plus stuff that actually kills your campaign and they're not getting any results in streaming. They think they're getting great results because their ads. Let me look at the streaming numbers. Like, oh yeah, I thought that was weird. Make sure you're turning Advantage Plus off. The way you do that is you do further limit the reach of your ads. Further limit the reach of your ads. Meta really doesn't want you to do this. Um, but you still can. And now we have the regular audiences. Now, it does still say advantage plus on over here. Sometimes you can go into ages and if I flip this to like 18 to 54, I get this use as a suggestion and I uncheck it and now advantage plus is off. If you don't have that toggle, I found in some cases if you clone the audience and then edit the age, you will get that toggle. So I don't know if this is another different version thing. I have like a 100 ad accounts I have access to and sometimes this doesn't pop up for me. I've noticed if I run the campaign though, then it ends up being fine and there isn't advantage plus. But if you get this option, make sure you do not check that. And that turns advantage plus off. It's infuriating that Facebook keeps trying to turn on all this crap that actually hurts your performance, but that's what they do. I have it saved as a preset in here, which I highly recommend just for timesaving sake. But targeting wise is the next kind of big change because a couple months ago, Meta removed most targeting options. So, for example, you used to be able to go in here and be like, I want to target deaf tones. They're now in heavy metal music. I want to target Lincoln Park. They're inside alternative rock. I want to target uh Drake is probably still in here because he's he's massive artist. I want to target Taylor Swift is still in there, but I want to target something like Rascal Flats, which used to be in here, and they're now in country music. So like a lot of unless you're like a huge pop star, they're not in here anymore. But you can still do genres and in some cases subg genres. New metal was taken away and alternative metal were taken away, which for me is a bummer because that's what my my band does, those kind of two genres. And even I think even progressive metal was taken away, which is kind of another angle we do. It's all in heavy metal. So on that note, like I still typically do the whole streaming service thing. So I'll throw in a streaming service or more. Sometimes I'll throw in multiple. I'll do a define further and must also match and I'll do heavy metal music and I still do multiple adsets but I'm testing big broad giant genres and in some cases we I've just done like one big adset and thrown everything in but very most of the time I'm doing multiple adsets if there's the targeting options to support that. So I might have let's say I have a couple adsets. I have one that's heavy metal. I have one that's hard rock. I think that's targetable alternative rock and then maybe one that's not based on music like maybe targeting people who like video games if it fits the song or who like certain types of movies and stuff like that. So my targeting options got much broader. Now mosing along Meta is pushing advantage plus placements even more than they used to. And this is also kind of like one of my cardinal sins of running these campaigns. You never want to use advantage plus placements. It it kind of just ruins the whole campaigns. And in fact, I really recommend, especially if you're new to this, just do Instagram. And in fact, just do like these six placements or even just the four like feed, explore, stories, and reels. And you know, this doing advantage plus placements will cause the same thing as advantage plus audiences where it looks better on Facebook, but in reality, it's much worse on the streaming number side. If you look up what Meta is saying about their Andromeda update, um, they're really talking about Advantage Plus automations, which as you've just seen, I turn off essentially every Advantage Plus optimization. So, I don't think a lot like a lot of the Andromeda update actually even applies to these ads if you're doing it right because you're turning off a lot of their Advantage Plus stuff. But they what they do focus on is that Andromeda is Meta's proprietary machine learning model system designed for retrieval and ad recommendation focused on delivering a step function improvement in value to our advertisers and people. This is really an article about the whole AI machine learning behind their system. But the focus here is on it's an ad retrieval update. And I'm not a software developer, not a machine learning expert or anything. The entire focus is on the ad creatives and they have even like a system architecture ad candidates and ad corpus user request. Essentially this is about matching ads to the right people. And what other people have been saying is instead of trying to do ads with tiny little changes like this color is different or this this has a slightly different like outro or you change the language a little bit in the middle. do ads with like a different hook with a completely different message at the top right when the video starts with a completely different in our case for this different parts of the song different visual angles different right like more different more variety and we've already been doing four parts of the song and two visual styles so we have two completely different angles and we have four different parts of the song which can be radically different too so naturally the way I've been running ads selectively using like the letting meta control the spend between the adsets and but then not using their advantage plus audiences and advantage plus placements and then using a diversity of creatives and broad targeting. I think if there is anything to this Andromeda update that actually applies to these types of ads, I think I kind of automatically just skirted by these changes. It's been a longer video than I expected, but I hope that this helps if you've been having problems since the update. Maybe you've been running your ads differently. you've been you've been doing certain settings differently than I do and that's actually caused you to have problems. That's what I've been doing and it's been working fine for me. So, if you want to see how I run these campaigns from start to finish, check out this playlist right here and I'm going to pin whatever my newest video is on this type of campaign to the top of it. And if you want to see whatever YouTube thinks you should watch, check out this one. And also make sure you subscribe for future videos. Thanks for watching and I'll see you there. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MeatgrindBlasphemy [8 likes]: What I am worried about is the missing genres and artists for niche music like industrial which we do. We used to be able to select people who are interested in Skinny Puppy and Ministry, but now we have to select Extreme Metal or even worse Heavy, which will have lot's of people who are not at all interested in our kind of stuff.... Well nevertheless, I am starting a new campaign with this new genre system today, so let's see how it goes. Old campaigns I had around 0.2-0.3€/conversion
  2. @kayble8568 [7 likes]: YES! Just in time! I’m releasing a new song with ads at midnight tonight🤣🙏🙏 Thank you Andrew
  3. @AndrewSouthworth [1 likes]: 🏆 Hire us to run your ads: https://geni.us/AdAgency
🚀 Spotify Growth Machine Course: https://geni.us/SpotifyGrowthMachine
🌍 Best website / store / funnels for music artists: https://geni.us/MusicFunnels (get your 14-day FREE trial!)
👥 Fan Growth Machine: https://geni.us/FanGrowthMachine
🎬 YouTube Growth Machine: https://geni.us/YouTubeGrowthMachine
🧑‍💻 Consultations: https://geni.us/GSConsulting
📰Join the FREE Music Marketing Monday newsletter here: https://geni.us/GSNewsletter
⌨ Chat in the community (FREE): https://geni.us/GSCommunity
🎤 Modern Music Marketing Podcast: https://geni.us/MMMPodcast
  4. @MynameisorendJ [1 likes]: All meta is doing is taking people’s money
  5. @ShowRUNVisuals [1 likes]: Something happened where I’m spending more and my audience isn’t reaching as much people even thought I had it set to tier 1 and 2 as well as my targeting were the same.. running ads are always fkn somehow. FB does too much with updates do an update 1 a year not ever fkn month
  6. @AltPlaylists [1 likes]: your prices are in USD correct?
  7. @kayble8568 [1 likes]: Do we still run cold and warm campaigns seperately? 

I saw someone say we dont , and shouldnt do that anymore??
  8. @berkayozbek8877 [1 likes]: I think it's also about the genre. My band makes metal including some harsh vocals and I need to narrow the targeting. After the update, my CPVs are doubled.
  9. @PianoHandsOnFaiya: They took away instagram explore, should we substitute it with instagram explore feed? Or just focus on reels, stories, and instagram feed for placements?
  10. @Hebridean-g2l: Everyone here is doing better than me.I can’t get ads published due to errors which I cannot fix.I’ve sent 7 requests for account review in 4 weeks and there’s been no reply.I truly am sick of them.
  11. @pavelzhironkin1919: With my experience, any ads work better with new songs.  Im talking not about cost per conversions, but about streams and listeners. We have release radar and i think spotify algos just more flexible with new song. So old song can work not so good after few months.
  12. @itsalex030: sadly the update fucked my campaign completely. I had a way better conversion rate but seems like it went to the wrong people.. we definitely need solutions to solve this.
  13. @i_am_non_a: Have you ever considered doing a video about X (Twitter) ad campaigns? Personally, I haven't been able to get the pixel working.
  14. @ThunderFoxMusic: The reason advantage placement ruins your ads is because it sends the ads to Mobile games and apps in Uzbekistan. Uzbeks use Yandex Music. So yeah, you get $0.07 per click, but once the user reaches Spotify or Apple Music, nothing happens and it ruins your campaign.
  15. @djangomclear_rocks: for me it stayed the same, my playlist campaign gets around 14-17cent
  16. @Whitecollarbandsa: As always.. spot on and great help thank you!
  17. @_ZTVZ_: Hi Andrew! Any tips on scaling the budget of campaigns that do work?
  18. @jamesdpterodactyl3068: EPIC
  19. @bjornark: Been running a campaign for a single about two months, mostly T1 countries. My CPC has been below 0.10 cents, however I am seeing some slow increase in CPC. It was actually around 0.07 ish in the start. The track in question is on its way to 200 000 streams. Pop index is 43%. Source of streams are: Your profile and catalog - 11%, Listener’s own playlists and library - 48%, Spotify algorithmic playlists - 26%. I am debating releasing a new track or keep promoting it. Any insights you could share about that decision Andrew? I dont have the cash-flow to promote two singles at the same time (yet). :D
  20. @tomrosenjacobson80: Thanks man this is incredibly valuable once again. I experimented with advantage + placements and my campaign got destroyed. Turns out they optimised for conversions, meaning they used unskippable in-app ads. This drives conversions from Meta's perspective but the conversion rate on my landing page (submithub links) was dismal. And I think Spotify also recognizes that lots of people weren't listening past 30s (i assume because they misclicked on the ad) so the campaign was decimated before it even had a chance. Such a waste! Oh well, lesson learnt

- Meta Ads After Andromeda: Why Scaling Doesn’t Work Like It Used To: Kind: captions Language: en I've been running ads long enough to have PTSD flashback from Pixel 1.0. It was back in 2013 when the first Pixel event on Meta was released. I've accidentally turned a few small tests in multi-million dollar problems that I still manage today. And I built a portfolio of companies because I don't like having hobbies like a normal human being. So I guess I still spend more on ads than my mom think it's legal every single month. And I think at a certain point apparently someone at affiliate world Asia thought it was a good idea to have me as a speaker. And now today I'm here to explain you why mata feels like an abusive relationship. [music] How many of you know what is the Andromeda update within the meta environment? That's it. Do you even guys run ads on on meta? How many of you still run ads on meta today? Well, there's quite a few. Okay. So, I need to help you guys understand what's Andromeda then. So you it's a new release that was planned back in October 2023, sorry 2024 and started as a release early this year with a final update back um a final update in October this year. At first only some of ad accounts had the rollout happening until the full 100% of them in October. You have to understand that before meta was behaving differently. That's because the it was the pre- AI era with the AI happening and the magnitude of ads going on and tools you guys have at your disposal and you pumping out so many different creatives and videos every single day. Meta had something like a bottleneck, like a hardware problem. Imagine trying to play Call of Duty on a 2010 laptop. You're not going to go very far. So, they had to come up with new ideas and new new methodologies of how their model works. And also, you have to understand there's not only one algorithm. There's many models models that work together to optimize your lead event, which could be purchase leads, submit trials, add to cart, initiate checkout. There's they're all different. There's not just one. So, what they started to do is bottlenecking the auction system within an an internal environment. Decide which was the winner ad that was that should be served to the impression of the user in the real world scenario. And that's when they throttle you in order for you to stop releasing so many [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ads that are clones of whatever you guys are doing. Otherwise, the system just breaks and it's not working any any longer. So before we have the old way where the meta behaved like a winner takes it all. You drop a single ad all the budget on that and it's still optimized very very well. Earlier this year when this stopped happening, we were all like, "Oh, we're [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] We need to find a new job soon." Except their strategies to optimize this too. With the new way, the as I told you, Meta had to rebuild the engine. It's a nextgen model that it's designed to interpret massive creative diversity uploaded every day. So let's talk about how we managed to um we managed to solve this situation because what happened to us was that nothing was working anymore. And we were like, "Okay, we have a big team. Something's going on. It's something fishy. Our creatives have a CPA of $20 a day and $100 the day after. Something is going on." We felt that the system was broken and we had we have a great relationship with Meta reps in Dublin their tech team we were in constant communication we were like what's going on and slowly and surely we understood how to optimize our ad accounts and our structure so we now use a four strategic phases within the optimization environment that we use in our company. So at first we have the signal layer then we move to the stress layer of the signal layer and then we have the scaling layer which is the most important part and then we have this what we call distribution layer. This is just some phenomenon names for something very basic. So actually we solved the problem by simplifying everything we do and work actually much less than before. So we went back to how we find angles and prospecting prospecting all creatives that actually work in a in a discovery area that rely on the ABOS. So we stopped using CBOS because CBOS were throttling our ad creative angles that were pumped out to the audience because of how the new model works. So what we do is extremely simple simple. We keep the ad accounts very very clean. At most we have two or three campaigns inside the ad account itself. You won't see any of our ad accounts with tens of different campaigns, random tests, random scenarios. We don't do targeting anymore. We don't at most we disable some advantage plus options that are very invasive on the ecom side and also on the legion side. But it's actually very basic. We need to go back to the basic where creative is extremely king and we need to divide how we test angles. So we would in our in our environment we create different adsets that are angles which means I know if you do neutra you will have mom that works at McDonald's and did [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] all day. You would have different creatives for that angle inside that adset. Then you would have another adset with an total different angle with the creatives inside that adset that actually are very correlated between them. But still you need to make them different. So what we do now is this. We have an [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] campaign. It has different adsets. It could be tens of them with a dedicated budget. So in each adset though we test different angles and inside the angles we have a variety of creatives for that specific angel angle script hook or you name it. The important part though to make this system work is that all the angles need to be extremely different because otherwise Andromeda will still throttle your adsets because there's an internal auction happening also at the adset level before they pump out the the budget that you want to spend on set angle. So why not CBO for testing? That's because the method doesn't work anymore and the CBO mixes intent because it decides where to where should allocate the budget and what you would see is an extremely volatile CPA and burst spending issues. Once we do that, we have a small and easy process of how we graduate the ABOS that are a winner. We consider 20 to30 conversion at 200 ROI, a good creative that has a great CTR and a conversion rate on the entire offer. It holds budget when you increase because that's the strategy we use next to still scale the ABOS but still keep them in one single campaign. And when the performance is repeatable, which means that if we add new ads inside that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that are for that specific angle, they still convert. So this is the second phase which we call the stress layer. You have to understand that every [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] every creative, every angle they have a certain ceiling of how much you can scale. So what we do, we just bump the volume and the budget gradually. Slowly by little couple every couple of hours we increase the budget to not shock the system because Andromeda doesn't love that. Mata loves when everything is linear when everything is predictable and when conversions are happening at a very very very fast pace. What happens when we raise the budget on the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and stops converting? We just go back. we just go back to the budget it was converting before. Andromeda Meta has already the information available and it starts converting well again. If you didn't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up your ad accounts and you started testing random [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] without being actually very very very specific on how you have the architecture of your ad account. So if you go back usually this starts to convert well as it was before. I want to walk you through how we scale when we have an [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that actually is winning out of maybe a dozen 20 30 adsets that you might want to scale. You don't want to use all of them. You want to use chunks of four to five max on the a CBO bitcap campaign. It doesn't have to be accelerated. It has it needs to have a very inflated budget. And this is how we do it. We have four or five proven angles that are extremely different. We set a CBO with a huge budget and we have a bidcap that maintain the constant the constraint. We use something called inflated method. We go anywhere from 150,000 to 800 or even million dollar a day of budget on the CBO on one single campaign. And we don't aim to spend that amount. I mean we would like to but that's not possible. We do that to actually have access to the entire auction system of Meta. When you spend little, Meta knows that you want to spend little and gives you access to only a certain amount of auction that you can bid to. When you have a extremely high budget, what you will experience is that CPMs drop half. You might you might be experiencing very high CPMs if you do this method. you probably will see half the price just because you're actioning the entire ecosystem and you get also views that might not be interested but if your offer actually is very good they will convert. So what we do next is we set a guard rail because when you working with a very high budget is very dangerous. I we've had days and hours where we probably burst our ad spend by $50,000 an hour with this method. So what we do, we set a guardrail with a max ad set uh limit where we raise it little by little every now and then, every hour based on the results of the bidcap campaign itself. This protects everything while we uh stabilize the CPA. Let's meta explore carefully what's happening inside the auction system. We have a CPA that stabilizes and we inflate the budget of the limited adset that we set. This goes anywhere from 50,000 to $100,000 to $100,000 a day if your offer ecom product brand lead method whatever you guys do actually is kicking in very very hard. So this works only if your offer or your company or your brand has a very good um track of history. Okay. Why do these big budget works after Andromeda is because Andromeda likes very high volume amount of budgets. It's it has a predictable structure and it has a very large data set patterns. So instead of shrinking all the adsets, all the creatives, testing, ages, genders, you need to give the system a lot of freedom to explore and optimize. It becames very stable once you do that. What we do next is what is called uh horizontal scaling. That's actually very easy, but it's very hard to put in in place because you need to be in the position of creating multiple assets. You would need multiple domains, multiple profiles, multiple ad accounts, multiple pages. That's because the risk of going out of business because the system still hallucinates today is very, very high. So what we do is we isolate whatever winning offer we have. We replicate it across many different assets and media buyers. This allows us to put us in a position where we can maintain a very very consistent delivery throughout the days of the year. Why does vertical scaling alone fails and that's where most affiliates struggle is because their assets are very limited. You get into throttling issues like the one I explained you earlier. You have page issues like flags spamming. You get domain flags that you might not be aware of. That's when you get a lot of rejections on meta when you launch new campaigns. Even with new assets, new pages, new it's maybe the domain that is flagged. You have very volatile CPMs because you have no um you get flagged. So you get high CPMs, you have random reviews, could be manual, could be AI, it's mostly AI lately and it's very very aggressive and you get account restrictions. So to have a final recap of what I've said so far is test your ABOS's. Keep it simple. Try to raise the budgets to the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and surf them until you re until you reach the ceiling point of that particular angle. If it doesn't work, reverse, go back, reduce the budget. It's that easy. You don't have to be Einstein today to run ads. And then when you're ready and you have enough conversions, you can scale with the bitcap method that I showed you. Then you have the guardrails I've told you to be to be using because otherwise you will get burned and you will be spending budgets that you are maybe not u be able to handle. And then we have the horizontal scaling through multiple assets. >> [music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @yotonyishere: Testing this method this week 🦾
  2. @Mat3kjo: Goooold! Makes a lot of sense. Will def try it out!
  3. @GuaranteedPPC: You can scale quicker than before after this update, but get plateaued much quicker (with less ads).

- The NEW BEST Meta Ads Andromeda Course to Scale in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en If you're running meta ads in 2026 the same&nbsp; way you did last year before Andromeda,&nbsp;&nbsp; you are leaving money on the table. Today, I'm&nbsp; going to give you the complete 2026 system to&nbsp;&nbsp; run meta ads that are profitable, scalable,&nbsp; and stable. And I don't just mean theory.&nbsp;&nbsp; This is the same process I used with this&nbsp; DTOC brand to more than double sales after&nbsp;&nbsp; Black Friday while cutting the CPA and scaling to&nbsp; nearly 150,000 a month to take this clothing brand&nbsp;&nbsp; from 600 a week to nearly 3,000 a day in just 7&nbsp; weeks. And I've used to spend nearly 200,000 of my&nbsp;&nbsp; own money on my own business. In this video, I'm&nbsp; going to show you what matters. Every key screen,&nbsp;&nbsp; the metrics to watch, and the decisions to&nbsp; make. And I'm going to also show you what to&nbsp;&nbsp; ignore. It's broken into chapters and timestamps&nbsp; down below so you can follow start to finish or&nbsp;&nbsp; save it and come back to jump to whatever you&nbsp; need. With that being said, let's start with the&nbsp;&nbsp; foundation because this is the first piece. If you&nbsp; don't get it right, nothing you build afterwards&nbsp;&nbsp; will scale. Ever since Meta dropped the Andromeda&nbsp; update, ad accounts that used to print money just&nbsp;&nbsp; don't anymore. And the reason is Meta rewrote the&nbsp; rules of the game. How ads are delivered. who sees&nbsp;&nbsp; them and how success is measured. And until you&nbsp; understand what really changed, your results won't&nbsp;&nbsp; get any better. What really changed wasn't what&nbsp; the machine is trying to do. It's how harshly it&nbsp;&nbsp; punishes you for doing the wrong things. Andromeda&nbsp; isn't optimizing for who gets the last click&nbsp;&nbsp; anymore. It's optimizing for incrementality, the&nbsp; total lift across your entire system. So instead&nbsp;&nbsp; of showing your ad to people most likely to buy&nbsp; right now, it's showing your ad to people most&nbsp;&nbsp; likely to buy who wouldn't have without the ads.&nbsp; And that changes everything. ROAZ was about who&nbsp;&nbsp; could steal the most credit. Andromeda is about&nbsp; who can drive the most growth because the system&nbsp;&nbsp; isn't just feeding you easy wins anymore.&nbsp; It's helping you build a better business.&nbsp;&nbsp; And if you're still chasing rorowaz like it's&nbsp; profit, you're playing checkers while everyone&nbsp;&nbsp; else is playing chess. The board looks the same,&nbsp; but the rules of the game have completely changed.&nbsp;&nbsp; Let me paint you a picture because this is where&nbsp; everything about how we used to measure success&nbsp;&nbsp; starts to fall apart. This is Susan. On Monday&nbsp; morning, Susan scrolling through Facebook while&nbsp;&nbsp; she waits on a drink at her favorite coffee shop.&nbsp; She sees your ad. She watches for a few seconds,&nbsp;&nbsp; keeps scrolling, doesn't buy. On Tuesday, she's&nbsp; on Instagram. She sees an ad from you. Again,&nbsp;&nbsp; same brand, different creative. She pauses. She&nbsp; reads the long caption, and then keeps scrolling.&nbsp;&nbsp; Later that day, she searches your brand name on&nbsp; Google, clicks a search ad, lands on your site,&nbsp;&nbsp; looks around, adds something to her cart,&nbsp; signs up for that little popup to save 15%,&nbsp;&nbsp; and then gets distracted and leaves. Wednesday,&nbsp; she opens up her inbox. There's a welcome email&nbsp;&nbsp; from your brand, the one she got after signing&nbsp; up on your site. She skims it, doesn't click,&nbsp;&nbsp; but she remembers the name. Thursday morning,&nbsp; she sees one of your carousel ads. She likes&nbsp;&nbsp; it. She scrolls through a bunch. She might even&nbsp; share it, but still doesn't buy. That afternoon,&nbsp;&nbsp; she gets retargeted again in Instagram&nbsp; stories twice in the same day. This time,&nbsp;&nbsp; she taps through, lands back on your site, scrolls&nbsp; a little bit, and closes the tab again. Then comes&nbsp;&nbsp; Friday. Friday morning, she's on Instagram.&nbsp; And there you are again. Same brand, new ad,&nbsp;&nbsp; something just a little bit more direct, maybe.&nbsp; Friday afternoon, she's back on Facebook. She&nbsp;&nbsp; scrolls through her feed and there it is again,&nbsp; your ad. That evening, she opens up her email,&nbsp;&nbsp; clicks through to that message from Wednesday,&nbsp; and a few minutes later, she searches your brand&nbsp;&nbsp; on Google one more time. She clicks another search&nbsp; ad and finally buys the exact product she left in&nbsp;&nbsp; her cart 3 days ago. Now, here's the crazy part.&nbsp; Every single one of those touch points. Facebook,&nbsp;&nbsp; Instagram, Google, Clavio, everyone takes credit&nbsp; for that same sale. They all claim they caused&nbsp;&nbsp; it. But we both know that's not how it works.&nbsp; That last ad that showed up before Susan bought,&nbsp;&nbsp; it didn't cause the purchase. It just happened to&nbsp; be the one she saw last. Roaz gives full credit&nbsp;&nbsp; to whoever shows up last. Like saying the cup&nbsp; of water she drank at mile 25 in a marathon&nbsp;&nbsp; is the reason she finished it. Yeah, that cup&nbsp; of water helped, but it's not the reason she&nbsp;&nbsp; finished. It's not the reason she even started.&nbsp; It's not the reason she trained for months,&nbsp;&nbsp; picked the right shoes, built up her endurance,&nbsp; or decided to run the race in the first place.&nbsp;&nbsp; The reason she crossed that finish line is so much&nbsp; more than the last thing that she did. And that&nbsp;&nbsp; is the illusion of Rorowaz. The ads that created&nbsp; trust and awareness and momentum and intent. The&nbsp;&nbsp; ones that even made that sale possible. Meta's&nbsp; AI isn't trying to find who got the last click&nbsp;&nbsp; anymore. It's trying to understand what actually&nbsp; moves Susan from some rando at the coffee shop&nbsp;&nbsp; killing time on Facebook waiting for her quadshot&nbsp; half espresso to becoming your customer. It's&nbsp;&nbsp; looking at every impression, every scroll, every&nbsp; skipped ad and asking what actually changed your&nbsp;&nbsp; behavior. That is incrementality. And for the&nbsp; first time ever, that is what Meta is optimizing&nbsp;&nbsp; for. That is what Andromeda changed. It isn't&nbsp; optimizing for the fastest sale. It's optimizing&nbsp;&nbsp; for the healthiest customer journey that is the&nbsp; highest quality experience on the platform that's&nbsp;&nbsp; the most predictable and repeatable instead of&nbsp; trying to find the lowest hanging fruit. The same&nbsp;&nbsp; people who are going to buy anyway. Andromeda&nbsp; is trying to find new customers who never would&nbsp;&nbsp; have bought from you otherwise. It's building&nbsp; long-term demand instead of short-term dopamine.&nbsp;&nbsp; But here's the catch. This doesn't always&nbsp; show up inside of Ads Manager. You'll see&nbsp;&nbsp; it in your Stripe account. You'll see it in your&nbsp; Shopify dashboard. You'll see it in your email&nbsp;&nbsp; list growing faster and search volume rising and&nbsp; in more people talking about you, sharing your&nbsp;&nbsp; content, Googling your brand name, or even just&nbsp; showing up for your organic content on Instagram&nbsp;&nbsp; or Tik Tok. That is Andromeda at work. It's making&nbsp; your entire marketing ecosystem stronger. And if&nbsp;&nbsp; you're still optimizing for rorowaz right now,&nbsp; you're literally training the machine to work&nbsp;&nbsp; against you. You're telling Meta, "Don't find&nbsp; me new customers. Just keep showing ads to the&nbsp;&nbsp; same people who already like me." That is why your&nbsp; costs are going up. That's why new customers are&nbsp;&nbsp; getting more expensive. Your CPMs are getting more&nbsp; expensive. And ultimately, success feels more and&nbsp;&nbsp; more difficult. The algorithm didn't get worse.&nbsp; It just stopped rewarding shortcuts. And now&nbsp;&nbsp; every bad habit you've built around chasing high&nbsp; rorowaz is exactly what's holding you back from&nbsp;&nbsp; doubling your profit. Every hack and complexity&nbsp; that you add is against the rules of the new game.&nbsp;&nbsp; But when you focus on incremental lift instead of&nbsp; instant gratification, the growth becomes obvious.&nbsp;&nbsp; You might see your rorowaz drop from a 2.3 to a&nbsp; 1.7, but your total profit volume could double.&nbsp;&nbsp; Your email list explodes. Your search traffic&nbsp; jumps. Repeat buyers go up because Meta is no&nbsp;&nbsp; longer trying to close the sale. It's trying to&nbsp; create the customer. So, if you've been watching a&nbsp;&nbsp; rorowaz fall and thinking your business is dying,&nbsp; it might actually be the best sign you've ever had&nbsp;&nbsp; because that drop might mean your system is&nbsp; finally working the way it was always meant&nbsp;&nbsp; to. And if you want to double your profits, you&nbsp; really need to begin to focus on how to do this&nbsp;&nbsp; properly. And in the next video, I'm going to show&nbsp; you exactly how to do that. how to take this new&nbsp;&nbsp; reality, simplifying your ad account and set up&nbsp; your ads so that you can double your profits in&nbsp;&nbsp; the next 90 days without spending a single extra&nbsp; dollar. Or you could still just scale to the moon&nbsp;&nbsp; because Andromeda didn't ruin meta ads. It just&nbsp; revealed who actually knows how to play the game.&nbsp;&nbsp; Now, I hope you're enjoying watching this video as&nbsp; much as I enjoyed making it. And I want to take a&nbsp;&nbsp; moment and just say thank you for watching it. Go&nbsp; ahead and smash the like button, subscribe to the&nbsp;&nbsp; channel if you haven't already, ring the bell&nbsp; so you don't miss any future videos, and take&nbsp;&nbsp; a moment to join the Disruptor Academy where you&nbsp; can get for free all the assistance that you need,&nbsp;&nbsp; all the things that we talk about in this video.&nbsp; There's a link right there. All right, with that&nbsp;&nbsp; being said, let's get back to it. Are you spending&nbsp; more time and money than ever and somehow earning&nbsp;&nbsp; less? It's about what you've been told to measure&nbsp; and what that's been costing you all along.&nbsp;&nbsp; You need to know how effectively you're actually&nbsp; buying profit. That is what this system is built&nbsp;&nbsp; to show you. So, let's start at the beginning with&nbsp; step number one, auditing the account. Before we&nbsp;&nbsp; change anything, we need to see what's really&nbsp; happening. And that starts by measuring GPT,&nbsp;&nbsp; gross profit per transaction. All right, let's&nbsp; set up GPT. In the ads manager, click on columns,&nbsp;&nbsp; then go to customize columns, and then hit&nbsp; custom and create custom metric. From here,&nbsp;&nbsp; in the formula box, you're going to type in&nbsp; average purchases conversion value minus cost&nbsp;&nbsp; per purchase. You're going to name this GPT and&nbsp; put it into the currency format. That's it. Just&nbsp;&nbsp; hit create metric and you're good to go. GPT tells&nbsp; you exactly how much profit you earn per sale,&nbsp;&nbsp; not just revenue or rorowaz. Now, let's take a&nbsp; look inside of a real ad account. At first glance,&nbsp;&nbsp; it looks fine, just a lot of ads. But look closer.&nbsp; There's over a dozen adsets. Five versions of the&nbsp;&nbsp; same creative all running at once and different&nbsp; budgets, different optimizations, all running at&nbsp;&nbsp; the same time. This isn't just messy. This is&nbsp; confusing the system. Andromeda doesn't know&nbsp;&nbsp; what's working because every ad and every ad set&nbsp; is sending a different signal. So before we can&nbsp;&nbsp; scale profitably, we need to give the algorithm a&nbsp; clean signal to learn from. Once you have GPT in&nbsp;&nbsp; your data and you open your account and you scroll&nbsp; through your ads, you'll notice something fast.&nbsp;&nbsp; Margins don't always tie to actual profit volume.&nbsp; Some ads drive tons of sales but very little&nbsp;&nbsp; profit. Others spend less but bring in most of&nbsp; your profitable revenue. Most accounts look like&nbsp;&nbsp; this. Dozens of ads, duplicates, tests on tests.&nbsp; Every new ad you launch adds noise, not clarity.&nbsp;&nbsp; And under Andromeda, noise kills performance.&nbsp; The machine can't optimize when you're feeding&nbsp;&nbsp; it mixed signals. So, the audit isn't about spend&nbsp; or creative volume. It's about finding clarity,&nbsp;&nbsp; identifying which ads drive the most profit and&nbsp; how much it costs to buy that money. Once you've&nbsp;&nbsp; run the audit, you'll see the pattern clearly.&nbsp; A few ads drive almost all of your profit. Now&nbsp;&nbsp; we're ready for step number two, value mapping&nbsp; the ads. Once you've audited your account,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's time to make the data visual. Because when&nbsp; you can see what's really happening, decisions&nbsp;&nbsp; get simpler. Here's how it works. To start,&nbsp; we're going to lay out a grid and draw a line&nbsp;&nbsp; across the middle and label this GPT. On the left&nbsp; is the worst GPT in the account and on the right&nbsp;&nbsp; is the best. We're also going to draw a line down&nbsp; the middle and label this CPA. At the top is the&nbsp;&nbsp; best CPA we have and at the bottom is the worst.&nbsp; Now, if an ad shows up here in the lower left,&nbsp;&nbsp; this is a liability. It has a worse than average&nbsp; GPT and a worse than average CPA. Essentially, it&nbsp;&nbsp; means it costs us more money than average to make&nbsp; less money than average on every sale. Conversely,&nbsp;&nbsp; an ad up here has a better than average GPT and a&nbsp; better than average CPA. These are our scalers. It&nbsp;&nbsp; costs us less money to make more profit. You might&nbsp; have some ads over here with a above average CPA&nbsp;&nbsp; but a below average GPT. These are fake wins. It's&nbsp; a lot easier to lower the CPA than to improve the&nbsp;&nbsp; AOV. These ads are attracting the wrong type of&nbsp; attention. These ads are our optimizers. The GPT&nbsp;&nbsp; is great, but the CPA is too high. They're adding&nbsp; to the mix. But for right now, we're not concerned&nbsp;&nbsp; about these ads. What really matters is focusing&nbsp; on the scalers and the optimizers. The ads in the&nbsp;&nbsp; upper left and lower right will eventually move&nbsp; into the boxes in the lower left and the upper&nbsp;&nbsp; right. Your goal is simple. Scale the scalers,&nbsp; refine the optimizers, and cut the liabilities.&nbsp;&nbsp; This view instantly separates performance from&nbsp; profit. You can finally see which ads fuel growth&nbsp;&nbsp; and which ones quietly eat your profits alive.&nbsp; So, this brings us to step number three, create a&nbsp;&nbsp; plan. Now that we've seen which ads make money and&nbsp; which ones don't, it's time to turn that insight&nbsp;&nbsp; into action. All right, now that we've mapped GPT&nbsp; against CPA, let's see what that actually looks&nbsp;&nbsp; like inside the ad account. First, we're going&nbsp; to go to GPT and sort highest to lowest. Then,&nbsp;&nbsp; we're going to select all of the winning ads. the&nbsp; one showing a low CPA, meaning it's below $166, and a high GPT, meaning it's over&nbsp;&nbsp; $3617. That was the average for this&nbsp; campaign. Let's select those winners. Then we're going to go to the filter section&nbsp; and just filter by only the selected rows.&nbsp;&nbsp; We've taken 89 ads down to the 14 that were&nbsp; actually better than average. Unfortunately,&nbsp;&nbsp; Meta doesn't always show us&nbsp; the totals of our columns. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; let me tell you exactly what these&nbsp; totals are. We have spent $48,5943, which is roughly 34% of all of the budget.&nbsp; That 34% is coming in at a CPA of $138,&nbsp;&nbsp; which is 17% lower. More importantly, the&nbsp; GPT is coming in at $69, which is nearly&nbsp;&nbsp; twice as profitable for every transaction. The&nbsp; winner ads represent only 16% of the ads that&nbsp;&nbsp; were run and reflect over 40% of the purchases&nbsp; and revenue driven by the campaign even though&nbsp;&nbsp; it only reflects 34% of the spend. This is&nbsp; where all the money is being made. And now&nbsp;&nbsp; let's flip it. We're going to go to the GPT and&nbsp; we're going to sort this by lowest to highest.&nbsp;&nbsp; We're going to select all of the losing ads&nbsp; where the CPA is above $166 and where the GPT&nbsp;&nbsp; is below the 3617 average for this campaign.&nbsp; And yeah, it's going to be a lot of ads. Quick note, this ad while having a negative&nbsp; GPT has a CPA that is below the average. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's not a double red flag, which&nbsp; means technically, as of right now,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's not yet a losing ad. We'll come&nbsp; back to ads like this in a little bit. So there we go. Now we're going&nbsp; to filter by these selected ads. So let me tell you the metrics&nbsp; on these losing ads. The total&nbsp;&nbsp; amount spent was 48,800, meaning it spent&nbsp; just $300 more than the winners. However,&nbsp;&nbsp; the cost per purchase was over $230, meaning&nbsp; it was 39% worse and the GPT was negative.98. And while the losing ads spent 34% of the budget,&nbsp; they were responsible for a little bit less than&nbsp;&nbsp; 25% of the sales and a little bit less than 22%&nbsp; of the overall revenue. Interestingly enough,&nbsp;&nbsp; the losing ads represents 75% of the ads in this&nbsp; account. Can you see how different these are?&nbsp;&nbsp; The goal here isn't to turn everything that's&nbsp; bad off. It's to see clearly where your spend&nbsp;&nbsp; should actually go. This is the difference between&nbsp; progress and waste. When you can see this clearly,&nbsp;&nbsp; it becomes very easy to understand where you&nbsp; should be investing and where you should pull&nbsp;&nbsp; back. Now that we have an idea of our plan, it's&nbsp; time to take your first action. And this part is&nbsp;&nbsp; critical. Step four, optimize and measure.&nbsp; Because we now know where our profit lives,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's time to make changes carefully. Because&nbsp; every change you make changes how Andromeda&nbsp;&nbsp; learns. Think of it this way. The percentage of&nbsp; spend equals the percentage of change and the&nbsp;&nbsp; percentage of confidence. If an ad spends 1% of&nbsp; your budget, turning it off is a 1% change with&nbsp;&nbsp; 99% confidence. But if an ad spends 50% of your&nbsp; budget, turning that off is a 50% change with 50%&nbsp;&nbsp; confidence and could very well reset everything.&nbsp; It's just like changing budgets too fast. If&nbsp;&nbsp; you decrease or increase your budget by 20%, you&nbsp; will almost assuredly disrupt the learning phase.&nbsp;&nbsp; Turning ads on or off has the same effect if&nbsp; it controls that much of the spend share. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; here's the rule. Make the smallest move with the&nbsp; highest confidence of creating a net positive&nbsp;&nbsp; impact. Here are a few key takeaways that I want&nbsp; you to remember before we move on. Percentage of&nbsp;&nbsp; spend equals percentage of change. Small moves&nbsp; can have very big results. And the process so&nbsp;&nbsp; far is simple. Audit, plan, optimize, measure,&nbsp; and repeat. Once you get this rhythm right,&nbsp;&nbsp; Andromeda starts adapting around your best work&nbsp; automatically, which brings us to step five,&nbsp;&nbsp; programming the algorithm. This is where we&nbsp; stop managing the ads and start training the&nbsp;&nbsp; machine. Step number five, programming&nbsp; the algorithm. This is where the real&nbsp;&nbsp; magic happens. Once you've cleaned your&nbsp; data and made smaller, smarter moves,&nbsp;&nbsp; Andromeda finally understands what good looks&nbsp; like. Andromeda doesn't just learn from results,&nbsp;&nbsp; it learns towards them. Every time an ad performs&nbsp; well, the system studies who engaged, who clicked,&nbsp;&nbsp; who bought, and why. Then it starts finding more&nbsp; people like them faster and cheaper. But that&nbsp;&nbsp; only works if your account is clean. When you keep&nbsp; weak ads running or you launch a ton of new ads,&nbsp;&nbsp; you're feeding Andromeda a bunch of mixed signals.&nbsp; Remove that noise and the machine compounds your&nbsp;&nbsp; best work automatically. So, you're no longer&nbsp; just running ads. You're training the world's&nbsp;&nbsp; most powerful sales engine and human behavior&nbsp; conditioning device to recognize your ideal&nbsp;&nbsp; customer. The clearer the signal, the stronger&nbsp; the feedback loop. Every day, Andromeda gets more&nbsp;&nbsp; confident and your results get more consistent.&nbsp; Once you program the algorithm, you start to feel&nbsp;&nbsp; a shift. Your account scales smoother and your&nbsp; results stay consistent and profit begins to&nbsp;&nbsp; grow automatically. And this brings us to step&nbsp; six. Print money on autopilot. This is where&nbsp;&nbsp; everything comes together. After you've programmed&nbsp; the algorithm, the system begins scaling your&nbsp;&nbsp; best work. automatically. Let's look at what&nbsp; this actually means. Over the last 12 weeks,&nbsp;&nbsp; Andromeda is taking the clean signals from your&nbsp; winning ads and compounding it. If you see here,&nbsp;&nbsp; the ad spend has 10xed in 90 days. The actual&nbsp; purchase conversion value has gone from hundreds&nbsp;&nbsp; to five figures. The profit on this is incredible.&nbsp; And interestingly enough, the rorowaz has gone&nbsp;&nbsp; down a little bit. In the early weeks, we were&nbsp; seeing a 2.9 and a 3.8. Now, it's less than a two,&nbsp;&nbsp; and we're making over $10,000 a week. Our cost per&nbsp; purchase is fluctuating, but our GPT is strong.&nbsp;&nbsp; And if you notice, it's continuing to maintain&nbsp; as we push the budget. This is what compounding&nbsp;&nbsp; interest in your data looks like. This is what the&nbsp; impact of removing ads that get in the way looks&nbsp;&nbsp; like. This is what clean signals can do. Look at&nbsp; the consistency on GPT over the last month. 136,&nbsp;&nbsp; 133, 137, 124. Look at the cost per purchase.&nbsp; It's gone from 158 to 193 down below 100. It's&nbsp;&nbsp; all over the place. But the GPT isn't. What&nbsp; matters here isn't how much we spend to acquire&nbsp;&nbsp; the transaction. It's how much profit do we make&nbsp; when we do. And that is incredibly consistent. This is what actually drives profit volume. This&nbsp; is what it looks like to grow a business. Now,&nbsp;&nbsp; full transparency around this data because I&nbsp; think you deserve it. These weeks start in April.&nbsp;&nbsp; This is not some Black Friday campaign where we're&nbsp; taking advantage of a rising market. This is quite&nbsp;&nbsp; literally during the summer. As a matter of fact,&nbsp; this business is now set to spend over $100,000 a&nbsp;&nbsp; week on just this one campaign. And we predict&nbsp; some days to even push the $50 to $100,000 mark&nbsp;&nbsp; during the peak of Black Friday. And fun fact, the&nbsp; total number of ads running in this campaign now&nbsp;&nbsp; is four, down from 89. And we haven't launched a&nbsp; new ad in over a month and a half. This is what&nbsp;&nbsp; success looks like when you're no longer chasing&nbsp; performance. You're managing momentum. Every week,&nbsp;&nbsp; the account gets more efficient. Andromeda gets&nbsp; smarter. Without launching new ads or changing&nbsp;&nbsp; budgets, we literally just cut back the ads that&nbsp; didn't work. That's the power of a clean signal.&nbsp;&nbsp; The machine scales what works and ignores what&nbsp; doesn't. But here's the part nobody talks about.&nbsp;&nbsp; Once you're scaling smoothly, launching new ads&nbsp; is the worst thing you can do. And that brings&nbsp;&nbsp; us to step seven, scaling intelligently. Because&nbsp; now the biggest opportunities aren't inside your&nbsp;&nbsp; ad account, they're everywhere else in your&nbsp; business. At this point, your system's clean,&nbsp;&nbsp; your data is clear, and Andromeda is working with&nbsp; you, not against you. You're scaling profitably.&nbsp;&nbsp; Now it's time to scale intelligently. When you&nbsp; increase spend on clear signals, you don't just&nbsp;&nbsp; drive more conversions. You create more visibility&nbsp; everywhere. More people search for your brand.&nbsp;&nbsp; More people visit your website. Your organic&nbsp; content reaches more individuals who are more&nbsp;&nbsp; interested in what you're trying to show because&nbsp; the machine knows who people who like you actually&nbsp;&nbsp; look like. Your reach compounds across the entire&nbsp; market. But that's not the end of the game. It's&nbsp;&nbsp; the beginning of a whole new one. Because now your&nbsp; creative strategy has to evolve. It's not about&nbsp;&nbsp; rebuilding what's actually working. It's about&nbsp; understanding how Andromeda actually works. What&nbsp;&nbsp; makes an ad good in this new system. What does&nbsp; it look like to have ads that don't fatigue in&nbsp;&nbsp; a week, but scale week after week for months?&nbsp; That is the next level. That's where you stop&nbsp;&nbsp; reacting to results. and start designing them. So,&nbsp; in this next video, I'm going to show you exactly&nbsp;&nbsp; how Meta's Andromeda decides which ads to scale,&nbsp; which to ignore, and why some ads perform for&nbsp;&nbsp; months while others die in days. You'll understand&nbsp; what the algorithm is actually optimizing for,&nbsp;&nbsp; so you can build ads that scale with less stress&nbsp; and more success over and over again. Real quick,&nbsp;&nbsp; if you like this video, please go ahead and&nbsp; like this video and subscribe so you don't&nbsp;&nbsp; miss anything else. And share it with all of&nbsp; your friends. YouTube loves that and it's how&nbsp;&nbsp; we help put fact to fiction so that everyone&nbsp; can see more success and less stress. Also,&nbsp;&nbsp; check out Disruptor Academy. We just launched a&nbsp; brand new course on Andromeda 1. Literally soup&nbsp;&nbsp; to nuts. Everything you need from setup to scale,&nbsp; automated rules for low budgets, high budgets,&nbsp;&nbsp; literally everything you need to see more success&nbsp; and less stress. The link is right there. All&nbsp;&nbsp; right, that being said, let's get back to it to&nbsp; show you how the machine works. We're going to&nbsp;&nbsp; use a visual aid today. These are some playing&nbsp; cards. Now, each one of them represents one&nbsp;&nbsp; ad. And if we have an ad set with five ads,&nbsp; well, we would need five cards. Okay. Now,&nbsp;&nbsp; we understand that the machine is ultimately&nbsp; not trying to serve one ad to one person because&nbsp;&nbsp; personalization is all about somebody's journey&nbsp; through all of the touch points, all of the ads,&nbsp;&nbsp; all organic content in every order to find the&nbsp; best experience for each individual person.&nbsp;&nbsp; So, because the customer journey is more than one&nbsp; touch point, what does it look like to have every&nbsp;&nbsp; possible combination of how you move through&nbsp; these five ads? There are, surprisingly enough,&nbsp;&nbsp; 120 ways to do this. You can shuffle this five&nbsp; card deck 120 different ways. That's fine. Now,&nbsp;&nbsp; that's a little bit bigger of a number than&nbsp; I thought, but sure, 120, that's reasonable.&nbsp;&nbsp; At a $20 CPM, that's less than a cup of coffee.&nbsp; Got it. So, what if we add five more ads? So,&nbsp;&nbsp; that's one, two, three, four. Well, we're a no&nbsp; king's household here. So, let's get rid of that&nbsp;&nbsp; junk. And because we're looking at 10 ads, let's&nbsp; pull four tens and a joker. Now, you might think,&nbsp;&nbsp; well, that's going to double the number. Or&nbsp; maybe we're going to get clever and say, oh,&nbsp;&nbsp; well, it's not double. It's going to be more than&nbsp; that. Perhaps it's 10 times more. Well, that's not&nbsp;&nbsp; even close. With 10 ads, that number jumps to&nbsp; 3.6 million possible combinations. Now, again,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's a really smart system. It's using signals&nbsp; that don't necessarily need to show every ad and&nbsp;&nbsp; every order to everyone to know how to do things.&nbsp; This still feels reasonable. Okay, Andromeda is&nbsp;&nbsp; smart. We're going to get good at this. I still&nbsp; have faith that we can get the job done. This is&nbsp;&nbsp; probably more than we need, but okay. Now, what&nbsp; if we use the whole deck? What if it's 52 cards?&nbsp;&nbsp; Well, that number is massive. And I'm going to&nbsp; show you this number. I'm going to type it into&nbsp;&nbsp; chat GPT here right now just to show you how many&nbsp; different ways you can shuffle a 52 card deck.&nbsp;&nbsp; And if you notice, this number takes a moment to&nbsp; compute. Just to show it on the screen takes some&nbsp;&nbsp; time. Now, I think most people have no ability&nbsp; to understand how to see that number because it's&nbsp;&nbsp; crazy. I certainly don't. There's no polygon, no&nbsp; legion of polygons that I could draw that would&nbsp;&nbsp; probably communicate a number like that. There's&nbsp; no chart, no dashboard. It's inconceivable. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; in an example that I found from one of my favorite&nbsp; YouTube channels, Secret Bass with John Boy,&nbsp;&nbsp; what I'm going to do is try to represent this&nbsp; as visually as I can with the medium that we&nbsp;&nbsp; have here today. So, what's the smallest unit&nbsp; of something I am capable of showing you on&nbsp;&nbsp; YouTube? That would be a pixel. So, if I look&nbsp; at the screen, it's black. All but one point.&nbsp;&nbsp; That one little white dot, that's one pixel. I&nbsp; present my videos on YouTube at 1080p at 30 frames&nbsp;&nbsp; per second. So that's 62 million pixels every&nbsp; second. And here's one of them. That little dot,&nbsp;&nbsp; that's one pixel. That one little dot, that's one&nbsp; ad. Now, what I want you to notice here is that as&nbsp;&nbsp; each frame progresses, every second that goes by,&nbsp; you're seeing 62 million pixels. Okay, here's the&nbsp;&nbsp; thing. If you took this video and made it as long&nbsp; as the entire time the universe has existed, and&nbsp;&nbsp; then you multiply that by a trillion, and then you&nbsp; multiply that by a trillion, and then you multiply&nbsp;&nbsp; that by a trillion again, it still wouldn't&nbsp; be enough pixels to show you all of the ways&nbsp;&nbsp; your 52 ads could get shown. And somewhere in that&nbsp; chaos, your little ad is raising its hand saying,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Pick me." And this is so important because&nbsp; the order of magnitude of difficulty of what&nbsp;&nbsp; you're asking the machine to do is something&nbsp; we need to appreciate. So with that in mind,&nbsp;&nbsp; let's zoom all the way back in and talk about how&nbsp; the machine figures that math out so that you can&nbsp;&nbsp; know how best to use it in a way that means you&nbsp; can rely on it to get the job done every single&nbsp;&nbsp; time. To understand how the machine does this job,&nbsp; we need to understand how the machine learns to do&nbsp;&nbsp; the job that we want it to do in the first place.&nbsp; And for most people, they think this starts with&nbsp;&nbsp; the pixel being seasoned or trained or learning.&nbsp; But the thing is, the pixel doesn't learn. The&nbsp;&nbsp; pixel doesn't know anything. It's just a piece&nbsp; of code. It's the paper a vote is written on. The&nbsp;&nbsp; paper itself has no idea what you're voting for,&nbsp; but the system counting the votes knows who won&nbsp;&nbsp; the election. That's how Meta passes information&nbsp; back and forth. It's a conduit. When we say the&nbsp;&nbsp; pixel is learning, what's actually happening is&nbsp; the system is learning based on all the behavioral&nbsp;&nbsp; data it's collecting from your ads, your ad&nbsp; sets, your campaign, your website, your page,&nbsp;&nbsp; and your Instagram account. Those are all of the&nbsp; things that actually learn. Each one of those&nbsp;&nbsp; layers has its own data with its own audience&nbsp; memory. Your Facebook page knows who interacts&nbsp;&nbsp; with it. Your Instagram account knows what kind of&nbsp; content people engage with. Your ad account has a&nbsp;&nbsp; record of who's buying and well, who doesn't. And&nbsp; together, that forms the foundation of what Meta&nbsp;&nbsp; knows about your brand and your buyer. It's just&nbsp; like how YouTube knows who to show your videos&nbsp;&nbsp; to. If you post on a consistent topic, YouTube&nbsp; knows exactly who loves your stuff. Thanks for&nbsp;&nbsp; the views, by the way. Go ahead and hit like and&nbsp; subscribe. Appreciate it. Meta works the same way.&nbsp;&nbsp; The only difference is that organic distribution&nbsp; is free and paid distribution is the same system.&nbsp;&nbsp; You're just paying to use it. That's why you'll&nbsp; sometimes see two brands running basically&nbsp;&nbsp; identical ads and one scales and one doesn't. The&nbsp; difference isn't the creative, it's the system&nbsp;&nbsp; behind it. One account is trained to know who the&nbsp; right audience is, and the other isn't. My buddy&nbsp;&nbsp; Matt Jabby Coffee uses this exquisitely. He's&nbsp; built multiple Facebook pages, each with its own&nbsp;&nbsp; personality and audience profile, and he runs ads&nbsp; from each. And I'm talking ads, he's pushing 4 to&nbsp;&nbsp; 6 million a month. Every page has its own separate&nbsp; identity and the system can match those personas&nbsp;&nbsp; to completely different buyers. That's how scaling&nbsp; for Javi Coffee works in reality. You're not just&nbsp;&nbsp; testing more ads. You're training more identities&nbsp; inside of Meta's system. So, when we talk about&nbsp;&nbsp; the algorithm learning, we're not talking about&nbsp; the pixel getting smarter. We're talking about&nbsp;&nbsp; meta understanding what kind of experience people&nbsp; are having on your ads, on your pages, and off&nbsp;&nbsp; the platform entirely. Because once somebody&nbsp; actually sees your ad, that's when the real&nbsp;&nbsp; learning actually starts. Every ad you make, every&nbsp; single one, is just another web page inside of&nbsp;&nbsp; Facebook or Instagram's ecosystem. When somebody&nbsp; scrolls their feed, Meta isn't just showing them&nbsp;&nbsp; random posts. It's essentially showing them search&nbsp; results. The same way that Google shows you the&nbsp;&nbsp; most relevant links. Only here, you're not typing&nbsp; something into a search bar, Meta already knows&nbsp;&nbsp; what you're looking for, Facebook and Instagram&nbsp; are constantly measuring what happens on every&nbsp;&nbsp; one of those pages and every one of those results.&nbsp; It's measuring the click-through rate, the bounce&nbsp;&nbsp; rate, the time spent viewing, the engagement, and&nbsp; even what happens after somebody clicks on any&nbsp;&nbsp; link and leaves the platform. It's analyzing that&nbsp; in the same way that Google is trying to figure&nbsp;&nbsp; out what search result to show first. If people&nbsp; scroll past your content, either organic or paid&nbsp;&nbsp; ad immediately, that's a bad result. If they&nbsp; watch, engage, or click, and spend time on your&nbsp;&nbsp; site, well, that's a good result. And that's where&nbsp; a lot of advertisers lose. They only optimize for&nbsp;&nbsp; the click. But Meta is optimizing for the whole&nbsp; experience. If somebody clicks on your ad and then&nbsp;&nbsp; bounces right off your site, the algorithm doesn't&nbsp; see that as a success. It sees that as a bad&nbsp;&nbsp; experience. You might have spent money and driven&nbsp; traffic in some conversion campaign, but the&nbsp;&nbsp; machine will see you as a liability because Meta's&nbsp; job is to keep people on its platforms longer and&nbsp;&nbsp; to make sure that when they leave, they come&nbsp; back. If your ad sends people off the platform&nbsp;&nbsp; and their experience sucks, you're not just losing&nbsp; a conversion, you're not just pissing people off,&nbsp;&nbsp; you're creating a bad user signal that makes your&nbsp; entire ad account more expensive. But if that same&nbsp;&nbsp; person enjoys their experience if they explore&nbsp; your site and fire multiple pixels all over the&nbsp;&nbsp; place, maybe even buys, that's a positive signal.&nbsp; Now you've built more trust with the system.&nbsp;&nbsp; That's why you'll sometimes see ads with high CPMs&nbsp; or heavy frequencies or things marked with fatigue&nbsp;&nbsp; still perform incredibly well. It's not because&nbsp; they're winning the auction. It's because Meta&nbsp;&nbsp; has learned that those ads create very specific&nbsp; positive experiences for very specific people.&nbsp;&nbsp; They convert. They retain those users and they&nbsp; drive repeat actions nearly on demand. And the&nbsp;&nbsp; algorithm rewards that. It doesn't care that your&nbsp; ad sends people off the platform. It cares whether&nbsp;&nbsp; those people come back happier than when they&nbsp; left. If they do, you'll scale cheaper, faster,&nbsp;&nbsp; and further. If they don't, your cost will climb&nbsp; until you stop being a risk. So, what looks like&nbsp;&nbsp; random fluctuations in performance is actually&nbsp; Meta's way of defending its own business model.&nbsp;&nbsp; It's protecting user experience because every&nbsp; bad experience costs them users and every good&nbsp;&nbsp; experience earns them data they can use to make&nbsp; better predictions. And that brings us to the&nbsp;&nbsp; next part of the system. How the ads, ad sets, and&nbsp; campaigns work together to decide who sees what&nbsp;&nbsp; and why some accounts can scale endlessly while&nbsp; others seem to just constantly hit the wall. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; let's break that down. Inside of your ad&nbsp; account, every campaign is built with three&nbsp;&nbsp; layers. The campaign, the ad set, and the ads&nbsp; themselves. And understanding what each one does&nbsp;&nbsp; is the difference between scaling efficiently&nbsp; and fighting the algorithm every single day.&nbsp;&nbsp; The ad is what the customer actually sees. It's&nbsp; your sales pitch. It's the creative, the copy,&nbsp;&nbsp; the promise, everything that interacts with the&nbsp; actual end user. The ad set is the system's way of&nbsp;&nbsp; deciding which ad to show to which person. Think&nbsp; of it as a decision layer. It tests, it rotates,&nbsp;&nbsp; it learns which ads performs best for each type of&nbsp; user depending on where they are in the funnel and&nbsp;&nbsp; who they are to your business. And finally, the&nbsp; campaign sits above all of that. That's the level&nbsp;&nbsp; that decides where your budget goes, which ad&nbsp; set gets priority, and which audience to pursue,&nbsp;&nbsp; and how to allocate spend based on the ability&nbsp; of delivering a consistent result. When you give&nbsp;&nbsp; meta a goal, say purchases, the campaign's job&nbsp; is to figure out which ad set can deliver that&nbsp;&nbsp; result most consistently, and that result&nbsp; is for the end user. Then at the ad set,&nbsp;&nbsp; Meta figures out which ad can create the best&nbsp; experience and hit the goal that you set. That's&nbsp;&nbsp; the entire system. The goal, the strategy, the&nbsp; execution, and what's happening in real time. Now,&nbsp;&nbsp; here is where advertisers really start to break&nbsp; things. Every time you add new ads into an ad set,&nbsp;&nbsp; Meta has to learn how those ads fit into this&nbsp; entire complicated decision process. It's not&nbsp;&nbsp; resetting, it has to relearn. The system has&nbsp; to reestablish confidence in which ads are&nbsp;&nbsp; most predictable and reliable. Because remember,&nbsp; Meta's entire objective is consistency of end-user&nbsp;&nbsp; experience. It wants homeostasis. It wants&nbsp; predictable delivery, stable, positive user&nbsp;&nbsp; experiences. When you dump a lot of new ads into a&nbsp; live ad set, you're introducing a ton of chaos and&nbsp;&nbsp; instability into what was otherwise a confident&nbsp; delivery system for positive experiences. That's&nbsp;&nbsp; why you'll see the learning phase kick back&nbsp; in. The system is recalibrating. It's testing&nbsp;&nbsp; new pitches and rediscovering what works. and&nbsp; it's testing those new ads at the bottom of the&nbsp;&nbsp; funnel to see how things work. And this is why&nbsp; creative testing needs structure. If you test&nbsp;&nbsp; without isolating variables, you're making the&nbsp; system start over every single time and you're&nbsp;&nbsp; going to get a ton of false positives while losing&nbsp; all of the statistical significance and confidence&nbsp;&nbsp; the machine is built. But if you let it learn&nbsp; in a controlled environment, meta will not only&nbsp;&nbsp; learn faster, but it'll make better decisions&nbsp; at every single level. So think of it like this.&nbsp;&nbsp; The ad is what convinces the person ultimately&nbsp; to do something and earns their attention. The&nbsp;&nbsp; ad set is what decides which ad to show and the&nbsp; campaign decides which ad set to get the spend.&nbsp;&nbsp; If you build that hierarchy cleanly and give the&nbsp; system the opportunity of getting confidence,&nbsp;&nbsp; it will reward you with cheaper traffic of higher&nbsp; quality more consistently so that you can scale&nbsp;&nbsp; faster. But when you constantly reset it, you're&nbsp; forcing the system to relearn the same lessons you&nbsp;&nbsp; already paid for. That's why great media buyers&nbsp; don't just manage ads. They manage stability. They&nbsp;&nbsp; build systems the algorithm can trust to bring the&nbsp; same type of user in over and over again. So the&nbsp;&nbsp; rest of your business model can take advantage of&nbsp; that traffic that you've made every decision that&nbsp;&nbsp; happens after the click on from optimization to&nbsp; AOV to LTV. Now let's talk about one of the most&nbsp;&nbsp; misunderstood pieces of all budget control because&nbsp; the way you set your budgets determines how much&nbsp;&nbsp; freedom the machine has to do its job. Here's the&nbsp; truth. Every time you try to control the system,&nbsp;&nbsp; you make it a little bit worse at doing what&nbsp; it's built to do. You can put up guard rails,&nbsp;&nbsp; but absolute control is a problem. When you set ad&nbsp; set budget optimization or [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you're telling&nbsp;&nbsp; Meta exactly how much money each ad set must&nbsp; spend every single day. It sounds like control,&nbsp;&nbsp; but what you're really doing is removing the&nbsp; machine's ability to make intelligent decisions in&nbsp;&nbsp; real time. Think of the campaign as the decision&nbsp; maker. Its job is to look across all of your&nbsp;&nbsp; adsets and decide which one is producing the best&nbsp; result right now. And this is happening in micros&nbsp;&nbsp; secondsonds, millions of times a day. When you run&nbsp; [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you take that control away. You're forcing&nbsp;&nbsp; every adset to spend a set number, even the ones&nbsp; that aren't working on days where it might be good&nbsp;&nbsp; or bad. And when that happens, you create waste&nbsp; and frustration and a ton of bad user experiences.&nbsp;&nbsp; Each adset still has to spend the budget you've&nbsp; assigned. Even if it's targeting the wrong people&nbsp;&nbsp; or running bad ads or just underperforming in the&nbsp; auction, even if you're just pissing a whole bunch&nbsp;&nbsp; of people off, you're forcing bad ads to keep&nbsp; running and starving the good ones that could&nbsp;&nbsp; be scaling. And remember what we said earlier,&nbsp; Meta's goal is consistency. It wants predictable&nbsp;&nbsp; delivery and a good enduser experience.&nbsp; When you lock budgets at the ad set level,&nbsp;&nbsp; you take away its ability to balance those&nbsp; experiences in real time. By the way,&nbsp;&nbsp; the same thing happens if you have multiple&nbsp; campaigns. Now, when you set the budget at the&nbsp;&nbsp; campaign level and you isolate around one campaign&nbsp; per business objective, you're doing the opposite.&nbsp;&nbsp; You're giving the campaign manager freedom to move&nbsp; money wherever performance is best. You're saying,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Here's the goal. You decide how to get there. The&nbsp; campaign looks across every ad set, sees which one&nbsp;&nbsp; is producing the best results for the lowest cost.&nbsp; Which one can talk to the right person on auctions&nbsp;&nbsp; you could win right now and automatically shifts&nbsp; the spend to it in real time. Again, millions&nbsp;&nbsp; of times in micros secondsonds. That means your&nbsp; budget naturally finds efficiency instead of being&nbsp;&nbsp; trapped in underperforming segments. It allows you&nbsp; to be proactive instead of reactive. That's why&nbsp;&nbsp; Advantage Plus and CBO systems always outperform&nbsp; manual control at scale. They're not guessing.&nbsp;&nbsp; They're optimizing dynamically using data you&nbsp; could never process on your own. Stuff you could&nbsp;&nbsp; never conceive of. And the bigger your account&nbsp; gets, the more critical this becomes. Because as&nbsp;&nbsp; you scale, you're not just managing more ads,&nbsp; you're managing more complexity. The machine&nbsp;&nbsp; can see patterns across millions of impressions&nbsp; in billions of people across every adset, every&nbsp;&nbsp; audience, every time of day. You can't. No human&nbsp; can. And that's why Meta built Andromeda to build&nbsp;&nbsp; a smarter mouse trap to control all of this chaos.&nbsp; People just spamming the machine. It's a smarter,&nbsp;&nbsp; faster way to make sure the right person sees the&nbsp; right ad at the right time without you needing to&nbsp;&nbsp; guess or interfere. And the only thing standing&nbsp; between you and better performance is how much&nbsp;&nbsp; you try to control it. So if you want to scale,&nbsp; stop trying to be the algorithm. Your job is not&nbsp;&nbsp; to outthink or hack or micromanage the machine.&nbsp; Your job is to train it and then trust it. You&nbsp;&nbsp; give it clean data, clear goals, and the freedom&nbsp; to make intelligent decisions and learn. and it'll&nbsp;&nbsp; outpace anything you can do manually and it will&nbsp; keep getting better over time. And that's the real&nbsp;&nbsp; power of CBO and why Advantage Plus isn't some&nbsp; new tech. It's the inevitable evolution of Meta&nbsp;&nbsp; doing what it does best, learning faster than&nbsp; you can on more data than anybody else on the&nbsp;&nbsp; face of the planet. The truth here is simple. The&nbsp; machine doesn't need more ads or more rules and&nbsp;&nbsp; more guesses and more micromanagement from you. It&nbsp; needs more clarity and more opportunity to learn.&nbsp;&nbsp; It needs clean data and good experiences and&nbsp; consistent signals. That's how you scale. Not&nbsp;&nbsp; by adding complexity, but by removing it. Simple&nbsp; scales, complex fails. That's the foundation of&nbsp;&nbsp; everything we've been talking about today and this&nbsp; entire channel. And in the next video, I'm going&nbsp;&nbsp; to show you exactly how to apply it. Because while&nbsp; most advertisers are still weaponizing volume of&nbsp;&nbsp; ads, you are going to learn how to weaponize data&nbsp; to scale with precision to make the algorithm your&nbsp;&nbsp; ally to grow when everybody else is guessing.&nbsp; That next video, it's the playbook for success.&nbsp;&nbsp; It's how you scale when everybody else is stuck.&nbsp; And it's how you finally win by making the complex&nbsp;&nbsp; simple. Why is everyone suddenly struggling with&nbsp; meta ads, yet others are scaling 10 times easier&nbsp;&nbsp; than ever? It's not luck. They're doing something&nbsp; that breaks one of the most important rules in the&nbsp;&nbsp; book. In this video, I'm going to show you exactly&nbsp; what they're doing differently. The real secret&nbsp;&nbsp; behind why their ad accounts are exploding and how&nbsp; you can scale your ads faster than ever before. This is a Bugatti Chiron Super Sport 300.&nbsp; Its engine is an 8 L quadturbocharged W16&nbsp;&nbsp; masterpiece. Four banks of cylinders, 16&nbsp; pistons, four turbochargers, screaming in&nbsp;&nbsp; perfect synchronization. Every one of its 3,500&nbsp; individually machined parts is hand assembled&nbsp;&nbsp; in Molshime, France. A mechanical orchestra&nbsp; capable of producing over 1,500 horsepower&nbsp;&nbsp; with a top speed of over 3000 m an hour. And&nbsp; for my international audience, that's nearly&nbsp;&nbsp; 500 kilometers per hour. It's breathtaking. It's&nbsp; perfection sculpted in titanium and fire. It's&nbsp;&nbsp; also unbelievably complex. So complex that an&nbsp; engine replacement alone costs over $850,000. And maintenance takes days of precision&nbsp; disassembly by the highest paid technicians&nbsp;&nbsp; in the world. One mistake, one faulty sensor, and&nbsp; your whole system shuts down. And then there's&nbsp;&nbsp; the Mazda Miata. 2 L engine with 200 something&nbsp; moving parts. It won't hit 300 m an hour, but it&nbsp;&nbsp; could also go 300,000 mi before ever needing to be&nbsp; repaired. What you want is a Bugatti, but what you&nbsp;&nbsp; need is a Mazda. The Bugatti is a masterpiece. But&nbsp; that masterpiece will burn through an entire tank&nbsp;&nbsp; of gas in 9 minutes. Nine minutes and then it's&nbsp; empty. You can't scale that. You don't want ads&nbsp;&nbsp; that fatigue in days. You want ads that work every&nbsp; day. You need something reliable, a system we can&nbsp;&nbsp; throw more money into and make more money out of.&nbsp; And if it breaks, we can fix it fast and cheap.&nbsp;&nbsp; But somewhere along the way, a small group of&nbsp; people convinced the whole industry that the&nbsp;&nbsp; way to win was to build Bugattis. They were&nbsp; agencies, ones that had a media buying and&nbsp;&nbsp; a creative department. They built repair shops&nbsp; first, then told everyone they needed supercars&nbsp;&nbsp; just to go to the grocery store. And that is where&nbsp; launch more ads, test 50 creatives, and outpace&nbsp;&nbsp; fatigue all came from. the illusion that power and&nbsp; complexity were the same thing. Most advertisers&nbsp;&nbsp; think more ads mean more chances to win. But all&nbsp; they're really doing is making their machine more&nbsp;&nbsp; difficult to run. Every new campaign, every new&nbsp; creative, every new test adds friction. Now the&nbsp;&nbsp; system has to learn dozens of new patterns at once&nbsp; and your results become unpredictable, volatile,&nbsp;&nbsp; chaotic, and expensive. The truth is, simple&nbsp; scales. A well-tuned engine or ad account gets&nbsp;&nbsp; faster and stronger the longer it runs. But when&nbsp; you're constantly rebuilding it, you're spending&nbsp;&nbsp; more time and energy just trying to keep it where&nbsp; it is instead of letting it take you to where you&nbsp;&nbsp; want to go. So, let's address the elephant in&nbsp; the room, shall we? If what most people call&nbsp;&nbsp; ad fatigue is just self-inflicted speed bumps on&nbsp; the road to success. If that's really just a myth,&nbsp;&nbsp; what's actually going on? Well, let's&nbsp; unpack it. Every time you launch a new ad,&nbsp;&nbsp; Meta has to stop and relearn everything that&nbsp; it already knew. It starts feeding those new&nbsp;&nbsp; ads to the warmest audiences first, the people who&nbsp; already know your brand. So, of course, those ads&nbsp;&nbsp; get quick wins. But those wins come at the expense&nbsp; of old ads that were already doing the real work.&nbsp;&nbsp; Now your system thinks the new ad is a winner and&nbsp; your old one is dying. But all that's happened is&nbsp;&nbsp; you gave credit to the last ad in a very long&nbsp; customer journey. You didn't solve fatigue. You&nbsp;&nbsp; just reshuffled credit. Now this is fine when you&nbsp; only launch a few. But when you launch a few dozen&nbsp;&nbsp; or a few hundred, you can begin to see how this&nbsp; spirals out of control, putting most of your money&nbsp;&nbsp; where it does the least good and the funnel drives&nbsp; up. That's why your winner ads burn out so fast,&nbsp;&nbsp; not because the audience is tired, but because&nbsp; the system never gets a chance to learn what&nbsp;&nbsp; actually works. And the focus on a win at any&nbsp; cost today means far less opportunity for wins&nbsp;&nbsp; tomorrow. Then there's the second myth that you've&nbsp; exhausted your audience. Well, let me tell you,&nbsp;&nbsp; I used to spend over a million dollar a day&nbsp; for single accounts. And even at that level,&nbsp;&nbsp; it took a week to reach 85% of Americans just two&nbsp; and a half times. Back then, CPMs were 10 times&nbsp;&nbsp; cheaper than they are today. You would need to&nbsp; spend $10 million a day to truly burn through your&nbsp;&nbsp; audience. So, if you're spending anything less&nbsp; than that, you haven't even scratched the surface.&nbsp;&nbsp; What looks like audience fatigue isn't exhaustion&nbsp; at all. It's just a reflection of effort spent&nbsp;&nbsp; in the wrong place. Too much energy at the&nbsp; bottom of the funnel, not enough at the top.&nbsp;&nbsp; When you prioritize efficiency over opportunity,&nbsp; you don't actually scale, you make the machine&nbsp;&nbsp; annoy the same people more and more instead of&nbsp; learning how to find new ones. And the more you&nbsp;&nbsp; interfere, the slower it learns who really loves&nbsp; your content. But if you do nothing, if you give&nbsp;&nbsp; this system time to learn how to put your ads&nbsp; together and who enjoys seeing your content,&nbsp;&nbsp; it will start finding more new people every single&nbsp; day. Scale isn't built in a weekend. It's built&nbsp;&nbsp; the same way compounding interest grows wealth. If&nbsp; you only up your budget by 5% three times a week,&nbsp;&nbsp; I know it doesn't sound like much, but if you&nbsp; start at $500 today, you'll be spending $130,000 a&nbsp;&nbsp; day, one year from now. That's what patience does.&nbsp; That's what consistency compounds into. Overnight&nbsp;&nbsp; successes always take a long time to make. Malcolm&nbsp; Gladwell said it best in his book Outliers. It&nbsp;&nbsp; takes 10,000 hours to reach mastery. If you truly&nbsp; want your ad account to be reliable, predictable,&nbsp;&nbsp; and powerful, why wouldn't you give it the time&nbsp; to become a master? Mazda knows this better than&nbsp;&nbsp; almost anyone. The company started back in 1920&nbsp; building machine tools in Hiroshima, long before&nbsp;&nbsp; it ever built cars. Over the next century, they&nbsp; perfected a process built on patience, iteration,&nbsp;&nbsp; and learning. They created the rotary engine in&nbsp; the 1960s. A piece of engineering so simple and&nbsp;&nbsp; so unique that it powered everything from sports&nbsp; cars to aircraft. But what truly made Mazda&nbsp;&nbsp; special wasn't innovation for innovation's sake.&nbsp; It was understanding why their machines worked.&nbsp;&nbsp; Every generation, they refined. Every model they&nbsp; simplified and that's how they built cars that&nbsp;&nbsp; can run for a quarter million miles or more. Not&nbsp; because they added more parts, but because they&nbsp;&nbsp; mastered how each piece fit together. That's how&nbsp; you build something that lasts. You don't guess.&nbsp;&nbsp; You don't rebuild it every few months. You learn&nbsp; how it works so deeply that you can make it better&nbsp;&nbsp; with every turn of the key. And that's exactly&nbsp; what we're going to do next. Because Meta's&nbsp;&nbsp; system, the machine behind your ads, isn't magic.&nbsp; It's not a black box. It's a machine that wants to&nbsp;&nbsp; learn how to win for you. In the next video,&nbsp; I'm going to show you how to see inside that&nbsp;&nbsp; machine. You'll learn how to know exactly what&nbsp; Meta is doing for you with every ad you run. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; you can understand the work it's doing, measure&nbsp; it, improve it, and get faster and more profitable&nbsp;&nbsp; every single day. Because once you understand the&nbsp; system, you stop fighting it. You start scaling&nbsp;&nbsp; with it. That's the real secret. Simple scales,&nbsp; complex fails. Andromeda is confusing everyone.&nbsp;&nbsp; And people's results are plummeting because&nbsp; they don't know that they only need to care&nbsp;&nbsp; about four metrics in their dashboard. I'm going&nbsp; to share those four metrics and show you how to&nbsp;&nbsp; understand them and help you scale your campaigns&nbsp; faster and easier than you ever thought possible. For years, advertisers have stared at Facebook&nbsp; like it's this mysterious black box, trying&nbsp;&nbsp; to guess what's happening inside. And I am 100%&nbsp; guilty of this. But here's the truth. Meta isn't&nbsp;&nbsp; a black box. The algorithm isn't hiding anything&nbsp; from you. It's showing you exactly what it's&nbsp;&nbsp; doing. Most people just don't know how to read&nbsp; it. If you look at it squarely, and I mean that&nbsp;&nbsp; literally, you'll realize something simple. Every&nbsp; ad inside of Meta has four sides. Four simple&nbsp;&nbsp; metrics that show you exactly what's happening&nbsp; inside the machine. And if you can measure them,&nbsp;&nbsp; you can improve them. turning success in the&nbsp; ad account from feeling like a slot machine in&nbsp;&nbsp; Vegas to a simple process of setting up dominoes&nbsp; and knocking them down. So, let's start with the&nbsp;&nbsp; first one. Spend. Most advertisers think spend&nbsp; is just a budget control, something that you set&nbsp;&nbsp; and Meta follows. But that's not how it works.&nbsp; Spend is a signal. Spend is a KPI. It's Meta's&nbsp;&nbsp; way of saying this ad is doing what I want.&nbsp; keep going. When Meta spends more on an ad,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's not random. It's because that ad is creating&nbsp; a better experience for users. The people seeing&nbsp;&nbsp; it are reacting positively. They're engaging with&nbsp; it, clicking on links, and when they do, they're&nbsp;&nbsp; firing tons of pixel events on the site. Remember,&nbsp; Meta's real product isn't ads, it's attention,&nbsp;&nbsp; and attention is fragile. The algorithm spends&nbsp; where people are happy to give their attention. So&nbsp;&nbsp; when spend climbs, that's not an accident. That's&nbsp; the machine investing in your shared business&nbsp;&nbsp; goals. When spend drops, that's not punishment.&nbsp; It's feedback that the ad isn't creating the&nbsp;&nbsp; same value for the platform anymore. So instead of&nbsp; asking, why is Meta wasting my budget on this ad?&nbsp;&nbsp; Ask what is this spend trying to tell me? Spend&nbsp; tells you which ad is working for the algorithm,&nbsp;&nbsp; not against it. This is your quality control.&nbsp; So that is the first side of our square spend.&nbsp;&nbsp; It tells you what the machine wants to invest&nbsp; in. So let's move to the second side of the&nbsp;&nbsp; square. Frequency. Frequency is one of the most&nbsp; misunderstood metrics in all of advertising. Most&nbsp;&nbsp; people think it means how many times somebody saw&nbsp; your ad and they panic when it goes above three.&nbsp;&nbsp; My question is simply three over what? Three&nbsp; per day, three per week, three per month. Is&nbsp;&nbsp; that a bad thing? Is that even enough? There's a&nbsp; psychological principle called the Bader Mineoff&nbsp;&nbsp; phenomenon. It's also known as the frequency&nbsp; illusion. Put simply, it comes in three phases.&nbsp;&nbsp; First is frequency bias. You learn about something&nbsp; new and suddenly you notice it everywhere. This&nbsp;&nbsp; might take three to five impressions. Then comes&nbsp; selection bias. You focus more on that thing and&nbsp;&nbsp; ignore the times you don't see it. This might&nbsp; take five to eight or even 10. Finally comes&nbsp;&nbsp; confirmation bias. You expect to see it more. And&nbsp; every time you do, it reinforces your belief that&nbsp;&nbsp; this is common and important. To get to that level&nbsp; of familiarity, that moment where your brain just&nbsp;&nbsp; knows it real often takes well more than 12&nbsp; exposures. That's how all advertising works.&nbsp;&nbsp; Repetition builds recognition. Recognition builds&nbsp; trust. And trust drives action. Ubiquity equals&nbsp;&nbsp; legitimacy. Now, here's the important part. That's&nbsp; not what the frequency metric inside of Facebook&nbsp;&nbsp; is showing you at all. The frequency number&nbsp; inside of your dashboard isn't measuring one&nbsp;&nbsp; person's experience. It's telling us who is seeing&nbsp; your ad. When we measure frequency, you should&nbsp;&nbsp; only look at it when we break the results down by&nbsp; day. That's how we can understand which audience&nbsp;&nbsp; Meta decided to use that ad for. For example, a&nbsp; frequency by day of 1.05 means that 5% of people&nbsp;&nbsp; saw that ad twice today. That means 95% of your&nbsp; spend on that ad is upperfunnel. That is pure&nbsp;&nbsp; prospecting. A frequency of 1.95 means that 95%&nbsp; of people saw your ad twice today. That means 95%&nbsp;&nbsp; of your spend is lowerfunnel. It's retargeting.&nbsp; And for the record, you can absolutely have a&nbsp;&nbsp; 1.05 frequency inside of a retargeting audience.&nbsp; And you can absolutely have a 1.9 frequency in a&nbsp;&nbsp; worldwide audience with no exclusions at all.&nbsp; Because the audience pool you target isn't the&nbsp;&nbsp; same thing as how the machine is using your ad.&nbsp; The creative does the targeting. This is how we&nbsp;&nbsp; can see who is being shown each ad and how much&nbsp; we spend on them. So now we understand why the&nbsp;&nbsp; machine is spending on one ad versus another. And&nbsp; we understand who the machine is spending your&nbsp;&nbsp; money on. The third side of the square is CPM. And&nbsp; this one tells you how much people actually like&nbsp;&nbsp; your ad. CPM is how much you pay to deliver an ad&nbsp; a thousand times. But the real story behind CPM&nbsp;&nbsp; is quality of experience. Because remember, your&nbsp; ad is competing for attention in the same feed&nbsp;&nbsp; as organic content. If people enjoy seeing your&nbsp; ad, it earns cheaper traffic. If they hate it,&nbsp;&nbsp; the platform taxes you with the higher CPM.&nbsp; And that's the cost of bad content. It's a&nbsp;&nbsp; tax on attention. Low CPMs mean that your ad is&nbsp; interesting to strangers. And a high CPM means it&nbsp;&nbsp; only works on people who already care. And let's&nbsp; be honest, nobody opened Instagram hoping to see&nbsp;&nbsp; your ad. You're a billboard in the sky blocking&nbsp; the beautiful sunset. But if you can make that&nbsp;&nbsp; billboard entertaining, or at least interesting.&nbsp; Meta rewards you with cheaper distribution. This&nbsp;&nbsp; is like going viral with an organic post. Your&nbsp; real job of running ads is simple. Make sure&nbsp;&nbsp; the right ad gets shown to the right audience with&nbsp; the right experience. Do that and the machine will&nbsp;&nbsp; scale you as long as we get one more thing where&nbsp; it needs to be. Cost per result or CPR or CPA,&nbsp;&nbsp; cost per acquisition is the metric everyone&nbsp; obsesses over. It's the one that makes advertisers&nbsp;&nbsp; panic, brag, or hit the refresh button on their&nbsp; browser a thousand times a day. And I am 100%&nbsp;&nbsp; guilty of hunting that dopamine rush. But here's&nbsp; the truth. Cost per result doesn't tell you how&nbsp;&nbsp; good an ad is. It just tells you how much credit&nbsp; for performance that ad should take. A low CPR&nbsp;&nbsp; doesn't mean the ad created demand. It just means&nbsp; that it was there when somebody was finally ready&nbsp;&nbsp; to buy. Conversely, a high CPR doesn't always&nbsp; mean that an ad is bad. Sometimes it's just doing&nbsp;&nbsp; the heavy lifting earlier in the customer journey.&nbsp; Because remember, not every ad is supposed to make&nbsp;&nbsp; a sale. You need a full funnel. You can't just run&nbsp; cost caps against add to carts and expect to scale&nbsp;&nbsp; to the moon. It just doesn't work like that.&nbsp; CPR is a measure of how well that ad is doing&nbsp;&nbsp; its job. It's how we put quality to all the other&nbsp; quantification. So, now that we've walked through&nbsp;&nbsp; all four sides of an ad, spend, frequency,&nbsp; CPM, and cost per result. And by the way,&nbsp;&nbsp; this is what we call a 4PI analysis. Here's how&nbsp; to read it in context. High spend, low frequency,&nbsp;&nbsp; low CPM, and a bad CPR. That's a top offunnel ad.&nbsp; It's building attention and creating demand. Low&nbsp;&nbsp; spend, high frequency, high CPM, and a good CPR.&nbsp; That's a bottom of funneling. It's converting the&nbsp;&nbsp; people in the funnel. The reason ads break and&nbsp; accounts can't scale is because most folks try&nbsp;&nbsp; to spend as much as they can at the bottom of&nbsp; the funnel. Your job is to get your ads working&nbsp;&nbsp; together so the system stays balanced, profitable,&nbsp; and scalable. And that balance is going to look&nbsp;&nbsp; different for everyone. I've always said data&nbsp; is only ever as useful as it is actionable. Now,&nbsp;&nbsp; no matter how good your balance is, if your&nbsp; creative isn't built to work with the algorithm,&nbsp;&nbsp; you'll always be fighting uphill. So, in the next&nbsp; video, I'm going to show you how to build and test&nbsp;&nbsp; creative the right way so that you can replace the&nbsp; ads that aren't doing a good job with ones aligned&nbsp;&nbsp; with your success. Because we can only ever&nbsp; optimize so far. If you want to scale to the moon,&nbsp;&nbsp; you're going to need to know the simple way to use&nbsp; the scientific method to create ads good enough to&nbsp;&nbsp; solve your problems and to see more success with&nbsp; less stress. Remember, simple scales, complex&nbsp;&nbsp; fails. I'm going to show you why creative testing&nbsp; has never been about finding more winning ads and&nbsp;&nbsp; how to build a simpler system that makes scaling&nbsp; a lot easier. To really get started, we first&nbsp;&nbsp; have to understand what an ad really is. Every&nbsp; piece of content, whether it's paid or organic,&nbsp;&nbsp; is its own web page on the site of Facebook or&nbsp; Instagram. And social media is basically just&nbsp;&nbsp; a Google search results page with content they&nbsp; think you'll like. For every piece of content,&nbsp;&nbsp; Meta is tracking loads of things. But what you&nbsp; really need to know is they give every ad a score&nbsp;&nbsp; based on how likely someone is to engage with your&nbsp; content, how likely someone is to click on a link,&nbsp;&nbsp; how long they stay on your site, and what actions&nbsp; they take when they do click on that link. And&nbsp;&nbsp; every new ad you launch starts at zero. Now,&nbsp; when Meta is trying to test a brand new ad,&nbsp;&nbsp; it doesn't just show it to anybody. It wants every&nbsp; ad to have a consistently high score so that users&nbsp;&nbsp; have a consistently good experience. So they show&nbsp; it to the people most likely to engage and click&nbsp;&nbsp; and do things on your site. And inherently those&nbsp; people are at the bottom of your marketing funnel.&nbsp;&nbsp; The problem is every new ad tested there steals&nbsp; attention and spend from the proven ads that were&nbsp;&nbsp; already working, even if they're in a different&nbsp; campaign. The success of every new ad in testing&nbsp;&nbsp; essentially comes at the expense of an older one&nbsp; that was already proven to do a good job, which&nbsp;&nbsp; makes that previous ad look worse. This is what&nbsp; is often labeled as ad fatigue. Old ads look worse&nbsp;&nbsp; over time according to attribution because new&nbsp; ads steal the sale at the 11th hour. And because&nbsp;&nbsp; all of the ads are launched at the bottom of the&nbsp; funnel, the funnel doesn't grow. your results are&nbsp;&nbsp; less incremental and customer acquisition costs&nbsp; continue to climb. So then the experts tell you&nbsp;&nbsp; to launch new ads, more and more of them, faster&nbsp; and faster just to effectively maintain the funnel&nbsp;&nbsp; that's already there. So you spend time and money&nbsp; working harder and harder to basically make growth&nbsp;&nbsp; more difficult. And if you want to make a lot more&nbsp; money, well, that doesn't really make a lot of&nbsp;&nbsp; sense. Now, at this point, I want you to know that&nbsp; I hear you. You are screaming at the screen right&nbsp;&nbsp; now. But Charlie, what about creative diversity?&nbsp; Creative diversity is not just spamming the&nbsp;&nbsp; machine. Andromeda was built specifically because&nbsp; too many people were spamming the machine. And it&nbsp;&nbsp; penalizes anyone that does that. True creative&nbsp; diversity simply means you have enough ads that&nbsp;&nbsp; speak to enough people in enough different ways&nbsp; and moments so that every impression gives someone&nbsp;&nbsp; a good experience. That's it. And you don't&nbsp; need a 100 ads to do that. A handful will do,&nbsp;&nbsp; as long as they each do something different and&nbsp; work together. The best way to think about this is&nbsp;&nbsp; like the Olympic rings. Five rings all connected.&nbsp; The three rings on top are your prospecting ads,&nbsp;&nbsp; the ones that help you find new people. Maybe one&nbsp; of them is a UGC video that feels personal, one&nbsp;&nbsp; is a testimonial that builds trust, and one is a&nbsp; demo that shows how your product works. Then there&nbsp;&nbsp; are two rings on the bottom, your retargeting&nbsp; ad. These are reminders. They speak to people&nbsp;&nbsp; who already saw your other ads and just need a&nbsp; little nudge or an extra reason to come back,&nbsp;&nbsp; maybe overcome some objection. Five ads, that's&nbsp; it. Not hundreds, not spammy chaos, just a small&nbsp;&nbsp; team where every ad has a role and they all work&nbsp; together to give people a better experience. And&nbsp;&nbsp; none of them have to be perfect or even the best&nbsp; possible at their position. All that matters is&nbsp;&nbsp; that your investment portfolio of complimentary&nbsp; ads are sustainable and good enough to increase&nbsp;&nbsp; the budget. When you build your account like this,&nbsp; the machine doesn't get confused, it gets smarter.&nbsp;&nbsp; These ads don't fatigue. They improve with&nbsp; more data. And you can spend your money faster,&nbsp;&nbsp; smarter, and more profitably because now Meta&nbsp; actually understands your business. It knows who&nbsp;&nbsp; to show your ads to and in which order. The&nbsp; CMO of Meta, Alex Schultz, in his new book,&nbsp;&nbsp; Click Here, tells us that when Zuck is talking&nbsp; about personalization, he's not talking about each&nbsp;&nbsp; individual ad. He's talking about the collective&nbsp; experience of all content, organic and paid. So&nbsp;&nbsp; all of this forces a very surface level question.&nbsp; So when should we test and how do we do it? Well,&nbsp;&nbsp; to start, if you can increase your budget, don't&nbsp; test new ads. It's really that simple. If your&nbsp;&nbsp; system is stable, your results are solid, and&nbsp; every time you raise your budget, your performance&nbsp;&nbsp; hold, the absolute worst thing you could do is&nbsp; launch new ads because you've already solved the&nbsp;&nbsp; most important problem. Can I spend more money?&nbsp; If the answer is yes, don't go looking for new&nbsp;&nbsp; problems to fix. You've already won. But if the&nbsp; answer is no, what if you can't raise your budget&nbsp;&nbsp; without everything breaking? That's when creative&nbsp; testing actually matters. And this is where we use&nbsp;&nbsp; something called the scientific method. It's&nbsp; simple. You have a control. The system you&nbsp;&nbsp; already know works, even if it doesn't work good&nbsp; enough. And then you test one variable at a time&nbsp;&nbsp; to see if it makes the whole thing better. That's&nbsp; what creative testing is supposed to be. A way to&nbsp;&nbsp; make a small improvement to get back to where&nbsp; you can say yes again. So instead of launching&nbsp;&nbsp; hundreds of random new ideas, you look at your&nbsp; Olympic rings, your five ad system, and you ask,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Which one of these isn't doing its job?" Then&nbsp; that's the weak link you focus on. You test to&nbsp;&nbsp; strengthen the part that's slipping, not steal,&nbsp; and weaken the part that already works. Because&nbsp;&nbsp; testing isn't about chasing winners. It's about&nbsp; keeping the system strong enough to scale. That's&nbsp;&nbsp; how the best advertisers grow. They don't guess.&nbsp; They don't throw spaghetti at the wall. They&nbsp;&nbsp; don't spam the platform. They run experiments one&nbsp; variable at a time. And every experiment answers&nbsp;&nbsp; the only question that matters. Can I spend&nbsp; more money tomorrow? If the answer is yes,&nbsp;&nbsp; you raise your budget. If the answer is no, you&nbsp; test carefully, deliberately, until it is. That's&nbsp;&nbsp; the scientific method. That is creative testing&nbsp; done right now. Remember earlier when I told you&nbsp;&nbsp; that creative testing has never been about finding&nbsp; more winning ads? Here's why that's so important.&nbsp;&nbsp; A single winner can't scale. Because one ad,&nbsp; no matter how strong it looks in the dashboard,&nbsp;&nbsp; can't carry the weight of the whole system for&nbsp; infinite growth. Sure, you can find one that&nbsp;&nbsp; crushes it. It drives conversions, looks amazing&nbsp; in attribution, and for a while, it makes you feel&nbsp;&nbsp; like you've cracked the code. I've personally have&nbsp; had ads that go and take an account from 200 a day&nbsp;&nbsp; to 2 million in 6 months. Under Outfit famously&nbsp; went from 50 grand a month to a million a week.&nbsp;&nbsp; And a large part of that growth was on the back of&nbsp; one ad. But it didn't exist alone. And eventually&nbsp;&nbsp; it stopped working. Because here's the thing,&nbsp; when you try to scale on the back of one ad,&nbsp;&nbsp; everything falls apart. Why? because that winning&nbsp; ad was never built to hold the weight of an entire&nbsp;&nbsp; account. It's one player, not a team. And that's&nbsp; exactly what happens inside of most ad accounts.&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm totally guilty of this myself. Advertisers&nbsp; chase another winner and then another and another,&nbsp;&nbsp; making all other ads look worse. Running ads is&nbsp; a team sport. A winning ad can only really do&nbsp;&nbsp; one job exceptionally well. And every ad should&nbsp; have a specific role on the team. Michael Jordan&nbsp;&nbsp; on his best day isn't going to beat a full&nbsp; basketball team. Messi, as great as he is,&nbsp;&nbsp; isn't winning a match against 10 players and&nbsp; a goalie all by himself. You don't score more&nbsp;&nbsp; points by putting two quarterbacks on a football&nbsp; field. The way you win is by having a team of&nbsp;&nbsp; complimentary players. Each built to do a specific&nbsp; job, all working towards the same goal. Consistent&nbsp;&nbsp; and profitable growth. That's what Meta Rewards.&nbsp; And that's what Andromeda was built for. Clarity,&nbsp;&nbsp; consistency, and a system that can win again&nbsp; and again. The brutally honest truth is that&nbsp;&nbsp; Meta doesn't care how clever your ads are. And the&nbsp; real definition of success isn't vanity metrics&nbsp;&nbsp; like rorowaz or CTR or CPA. It's saying yes to&nbsp; the simple question, can you spend more money&nbsp;&nbsp; tomorrow? If the answer is yes, you're winning. If&nbsp; it's no, then it's not your ads that are broken,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's your system. Fix that and everything else&nbsp; gets easier. That's how you make meta work for&nbsp;&nbsp; you, not the other way around. And if you want&nbsp; to know exactly how to take this system and scale&nbsp;&nbsp; your business to the moon without breaking the&nbsp; account, that's exactly what I'll show you in this&nbsp;&nbsp; next video. And remember, simple scales, complex&nbsp; fails for most people, and I was absolutely one&nbsp;&nbsp; of them. Scaling always felt like a bit of a&nbsp; black box. You chase high rorowaz and test a&nbsp;&nbsp; lot of new ads, maybe focus on lowering your CPA,&nbsp; and sometimes it even works for a while. You find&nbsp;&nbsp; something that performs and you think, "This is&nbsp; it. I've finally cracked it." But then you raise&nbsp;&nbsp; the budget and that's when you start saying things&nbsp; like, "My CPA is too high. My ad's fatigued." Or,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Meta's broken." And before you know it, that&nbsp; ad that was printing money yesterday can't even&nbsp;&nbsp; hold the account together today. But the truth is,&nbsp; none of that is really the reason your performance&nbsp;&nbsp; fell apart. Because scaling isn't about CPA.&nbsp; It isn't about rorowaz. And it definitely isn't&nbsp;&nbsp; about finding a single winning ad. Those things&nbsp; can make your account look healthy for a moment,&nbsp;&nbsp; but they don't make it scalable. Here's what most&nbsp; advertisers get wrong. They confuse performance&nbsp;&nbsp; with growth. They measure the cost of an action,&nbsp; but they very rarely measure the value, both for&nbsp;&nbsp; today or for the future. Because if your ads can't&nbsp; withstand pressure when you raise the budget,&nbsp;&nbsp; I'd argue you don't really have a winner. You&nbsp; just have a racehorse that got you here. But if&nbsp;&nbsp; you really want to scale to the moon, it doesn't&nbsp; matter how fast that racehorse runs, you're going&nbsp;&nbsp; to need a rocket. And that's what we're going&nbsp; to unpack next. The biggest myth in Facebook&nbsp;&nbsp; advertising is the winning ad. Every advertiser&nbsp; talks about it. That one creative that drops CPA,&nbsp;&nbsp; spikes rorowaz, and makes it feel like you've&nbsp; cracked the code. But the problem is that all&nbsp;&nbsp; of those metrics, CPA and rorowaz, etc., they're&nbsp; based entirely on attribution, not scale. They're&nbsp;&nbsp; measuring the efficiency of scoring a single&nbsp; point, not how many more points you can put on the&nbsp;&nbsp; scoreboard. Because at the end of the day, there's&nbsp; really only one scoreboard that matters, your bank&nbsp;&nbsp; account. It's like saying the reason you finished&nbsp; the marathon was because of the cup of water you&nbsp;&nbsp; grabbed at mile 25. Sure, it helped, but it's&nbsp; not why you crossed the finish line. When most&nbsp;&nbsp; advertisers say this ad's a winner, what they're&nbsp; really saying is this ad did a good job of getting&nbsp;&nbsp; shown to somebody who was ready to buy, and that's&nbsp; fine. If it wasn't you making the sale, it might&nbsp;&nbsp; have been somebody else. And in that case, you'd&nbsp; have a little less money in your bank account.&nbsp;&nbsp; But that's not scale because when you raise your&nbsp; budget, your ads will get shown to more people,&nbsp;&nbsp; which inherently means that a smaller percentage&nbsp; of them are going to be those folks who are ready&nbsp;&nbsp; to buy. And this means your cost according to&nbsp; attribution will go up. And if you're measuring&nbsp;&nbsp; based on cost instead of value, this is where&nbsp; things start to break. But that's not exactly&nbsp;&nbsp; true. Most brands fall into one of two traps.&nbsp; They're either trying to build profit through ads,&nbsp;&nbsp; spending money to see if they can make money, or&nbsp; they're competing for the wrong metric entirely,&nbsp;&nbsp; trying to win the game of low CPA and high rorowaz&nbsp; without realizing those numbers don't scale. The&nbsp;&nbsp; first group doesn't have a working business model&nbsp; yet. They're trying to buy validation with ad&nbsp;&nbsp; spend. The second group has a good business,&nbsp; but they're optimizing for the wrong things.&nbsp;&nbsp; They're focused on looking efficient, not on&nbsp; compounding growth. And neither approach builds&nbsp;&nbsp; something sustainable. Simply put, if you want&nbsp; to grow a business, you have to invest some of&nbsp;&nbsp; your profits into acquiring more opportunity for&nbsp; a model that already works. Everything else is&nbsp;&nbsp; noise. Most advertisers are trying to see who's&nbsp; best at handing out cups of water at the 25th&nbsp;&nbsp; mile when the real game is learning how to run&nbsp; further every single day. So, let's talk about how&nbsp;&nbsp; to stack the dollars with something that actually&nbsp; makes a lot more sense. Look at how your business&nbsp;&nbsp; makes money. Ask yourself, what's the thing that&nbsp; happens right before someone buys? Then do more of&nbsp;&nbsp; that. Compare your numbers to industry benchmarks.&nbsp; You might think your funnel is broken. But if your&nbsp;&nbsp; landing page is converting at 3% and everybody&nbsp; else is at one, your problem isn't conversion,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's traffic volume. If your landing page&nbsp; converts at 10%, that's astronomically high.&nbsp;&nbsp; You don't need a better ad. You need more people&nbsp; seeing it. Every time you triple your traffic,&nbsp;&nbsp; your conversion rate can cut in half and you'll&nbsp; still make more money. But if your conversion&nbsp;&nbsp; rate is below 1%, no amount of traffic will fix&nbsp; it. You can't scale broken math. That's when you&nbsp;&nbsp; improve the quality of traffic or the quality of&nbsp; what happens after someone clicks. Higher quality&nbsp;&nbsp; traffic and a better experience let you make&nbsp; more money from the attention you're already&nbsp;&nbsp; paying for. those eyeballs you've already earned.&nbsp; Now, that sounds great, but let's put this into&nbsp;&nbsp; a realworld example. Let's use the example of a&nbsp; Manhattan steakhouse. And we're going to use the&nbsp;&nbsp; one right around the corner from my apartment,&nbsp; the old homestead. After tipping the waiter,&nbsp;&nbsp; it'll cost you about 20 bucks to buy a salad&nbsp; that they probably spent $2 to make. Now,&nbsp;&nbsp; that's a sizzling hot profit today. But they&nbsp; also sell some of the best steak anyone's ever&nbsp;&nbsp; had. Even if they break even on the first sale,&nbsp; the folks who have the opportunity to enjoy that&nbsp;&nbsp; stake are going to come back again and again. And&nbsp; when they do, the marketing cost for that second&nbsp;&nbsp; and third sale is dramatically less than the first&nbsp; one. Plus, I might bring some friends. Remember,&nbsp;&nbsp; the volume of profit you make on the first&nbsp; sale is much less than any other. And the&nbsp;&nbsp; math isn't even close. You can live and die by&nbsp; your ability to get anyone to buy a salad once.&nbsp;&nbsp; Or you can build a business around the people who&nbsp; keep coming back for that stake again and again&nbsp;&nbsp; and again. So I urge you to sell the stake, not&nbsp; the sizzle. That's your hero offer. As Dave Ferty,&nbsp;&nbsp; Sam Ovenans, Alex Herosing, Gary Vee say, one&nbsp; offer, one audience, one platform. Your hero offer&nbsp;&nbsp; is the core of your cash flow engine. And cash&nbsp; flow, not attributed profit, is the lifeblood of&nbsp;&nbsp; scale. Once you know your best offer and your best&nbsp; customer, the rest is easy math. Your only job is&nbsp;&nbsp; to keep your blended net average order value above&nbsp; your blended net average cost per sale and then&nbsp;&nbsp; do more of it. So, the way you scale is by being&nbsp; able to spend as much as you can to acquire your&nbsp;&nbsp; best customer and have them buy your best offer,&nbsp; the one that gets them to buy again and again. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; what you're really doing is scaling the volume&nbsp; of the far more profitable transaction. Then&nbsp;&nbsp; you take a percentage of your profit and invest&nbsp; it into acquiring even more of those exact same&nbsp;&nbsp; customer. And at that point, what you've paid&nbsp; to acquire the customer becomes less and less&nbsp;&nbsp; important. And you can afford to spend more and&nbsp; more on getting those customers because these far&nbsp;&nbsp; less profitable transaction represent a smaller&nbsp; and smaller percentage of all the sales that you&nbsp;&nbsp; make. This is what economists call a decreasing&nbsp; marginal cost of acquisition. A natural byproduct&nbsp;&nbsp; of scaling systems where every incremental&nbsp; customer costs less to acquire as retention and&nbsp;&nbsp; repeat purchase rates rise. That's how you create&nbsp; a compounding flywheel of profitable growth that&nbsp;&nbsp; becomes more and more sustainable and scalable&nbsp; and predictable the more you lean into it. and&nbsp;&nbsp; everything else becomes much much simpler because&nbsp; instead of launching a thousand ads to attract a&nbsp;&nbsp; thousand people to sell a thousand products for&nbsp; a thousand different reasons to make the least&nbsp;&nbsp; profitable transaction slightly better according&nbsp; to attribution you're actually making the far&nbsp;&nbsp; more profitable transactions easier to get and a&nbsp; larger percentage of your overall total revenue.&nbsp;&nbsp; So now your job becomes answering three simple&nbsp; questions. First, how many types of customers&nbsp;&nbsp; do you need to try to buy? Second, how much can&nbsp; you afford to acquire each customer? And third,&nbsp;&nbsp; what do you do to make that number higher? That's&nbsp; it. Your only mission is to keep asking, can I&nbsp;&nbsp; spend more money tomorrow? And if the answer is&nbsp; yes, you raise your budget. If the answer is no,&nbsp;&nbsp; you fix the problem. Is your transaction volume&nbsp; too low? That's going to make your CPA too high.&nbsp;&nbsp; Is your average order value too low? That&nbsp; means you're not profitable enough on any&nbsp;&nbsp; sale. Are you spending too much money on the&nbsp; wrong people? That means you're investing and&nbsp;&nbsp; destroying your business. And remember, all of&nbsp; these are completely net blended. Total money in,&nbsp;&nbsp; total money out, and how many transactions you've&nbsp; got. The simplest way to grow any brand is to add&nbsp;&nbsp; budget in a systematic, controlled fashion.&nbsp; My favorite way, increase the budget by 5%&nbsp;&nbsp; three times a week. Because you know your unit&nbsp; economics, you stop chasing performance. You start&nbsp;&nbsp; engineering predictable growth and a flywheel.&nbsp; Your job becomes protecting the yes. Eliminate&nbsp;&nbsp; the things that make you say no. That is how you&nbsp; scale a business. Remember, the whole point of ads&nbsp;&nbsp; is to amplify a business model that already works.&nbsp; If your business model depends on hacking CPA,&nbsp;&nbsp; you've chosen a battle you cannot win. But if you&nbsp; amplify a model built on repeat transactions and&nbsp;&nbsp; compounding cash flow, you have built something&nbsp; scalable. So next time you ask yourself,&nbsp;&nbsp; can I scale? Make sure the answer is yes. Because&nbsp; if you start with $500 a day today and raise your&nbsp;&nbsp; budget by just 5% three times a week, you'll be&nbsp; spending over $130,000 a day a year from now. So&nbsp;&nbsp; the real question is what in your business is&nbsp; so important that it's not worth doing that.&nbsp;&nbsp; Scaling isn't about chasing trends or hacks. It's&nbsp; about eliminating friction, feeding what works,&nbsp;&nbsp; and protecting the future that you're building.&nbsp; So until next time, I'll see you on the internet.

  Top Comments:
  1. @GuaranteedPPC [3 likes]: The Ad does the targeting, therefore you must be very verbose in your AD FOR THE BEST TARGETING.  That said, that doesn't mean at all you shouldn't USE LONGER FORM COPY IN YOUR DESCRIPTIONS EITHER (FOR SELLING PURPOSES).
  2. @Happyandsuccessful001 [2 likes]: The title doesn"t give this gem justice. This is knowledge worth of thousands, as Charley shares how the system works and thinks.
This is like learning a very difficult foreign language, and finally you are able to communicate.

Grateful beyond words! ❤🙏
  3. @CTtheDisrupter [1 likes]: Work with me - https://www.disrupterschool.com/DA-YT?video=j3121mkKgGI
Disrupter Tools to Scale & Optimize - https://www.disrupterschool.com/DisrupterDispatch?video=j3121mkKgGI
Free Proven Meta Ad Tactics - https://www.disrupterschool.com/free-training?video=j3121mkKgGI
  4. @robjones7670 [1 likes]: CORRECTION: $500 raising the budget 5% 3 times per week for a year leads to over $1M per day ad spend.
  5. @bigboiibao [1 likes]: When testing with a 3:2:2 how should I be structuring the ads I am testing in there? 

Like for statics should they be different visually, different copy but the messaging and concept is the same? 

And if it's a video should it just be 3 different hooks? Or should it be 3 videos testing the same messaging and same format? 

Like 3 different UGC? Or should it just be 1 Ugc cut 3 different ways? 

Thanks for this Charlie! Your method has been extremely enlightening and I'm super excited to finally allow meta to actually learn instead of spam testing ads.
  6. @MFG2738 [1 likes]: With a dynamic add using the 3-2-2 approach 

Can the 3 image creatives simply be variance of colours?

The 2-2 relates to primary text and headline but what about description should that have 1or2 options ?
  7. @reneeghewondian1052 [1 likes]: Very helpful!! One question, how do you get around navigating the GPT data if my ad account is in CAD currency and website is in USD currency?
  8. @NicolásTerán-e3s [1 likes]: i love you
  9. @EvaPohler [1 likes]: Thank you so much for the GPT addition to my ads manager! Such a game changer to be able to see that!
  10. @metaversenft [1 likes]: Is the 5% budget increase applicable on daily spends less than $100-1000? What would be reasonable if I'm starting at $15/day and getting sales?
  11. @PatrickUnrath [1 likes]: Meta numbers are not the right one. You should look into a third party tool like hyros oder triple whale ;) Or did this change?
  12. @Dgrmarketing [1 likes]: Lástima que no quedó con traducción a español
  13. @TCN305 [1 likes]: Always appreciate the value you share! 🙌🏼🔥 I’m working toward the minimum ad spend so I can join your Skool soon.

If one campaign targets multiple countries with separate ad sets, smaller countries have much smaller audiences. I’ve noticed Meta seems to push more budget to the biggest audiences first.

I use Advantage Campaign Budget but set minimum spends per ad set so smaller countries still get delivery. Do you think audience size really drives budget allocation, or is it better to fully trust CBO without minimums?
  14. @saviland-savilandofficialn3735 [1 likes]: I turning off ads with below-CBO average CPA and below-CBO average GPT at 0 AM every day with last 7 days data this week. The results are good, and new ads are now able to generate budget, faster than before. However, I turn off one ad that 50% of my CBO spending, it will need 1-2 days to optimize before the data improves. Structurally, I'm still doing the same as Nick, testing many adsets based on concept. It seems that in the same CBO, the adset number and structure of adset or ad are not crucial.Because I run ads across multiple channels, if I'm not entirely sure about Meta Ads' target CPA, GPT, and ROAS, only know whether the overall business is profitable or not, how can I determine whether to increase my budget based on Meta Ads data? Do you have any suggestions for increasing the budget more quickly, consistently, and effectively? Thank you.
  15. @estebanlopez8800 [1 likes]: Hey charley, absolutely love your content, im starting in meta ads watching all your videos, can you recommend others creators i can learn from that you personally recommend
  16. @mohamedvideoeditor [1 likes]: Bro who edit your videos your hooks looks cheap honestly
  17. @ScootFleabag [1 likes]: NOTE: Calculating GPT, this formula assumes no COGS, you need to adjust the formula if you have product/shipping costs. 

Formula I used: (Avg Purchase Conversion Value * Avg margin %) - avg shipping cost - CPA
  18. @navjotsingh9796 [1 likes]: This video is really a bangar - So easy to understand each fact that you spoke about, and after that, creating systems, not hacks. I wish i would have enough money so that i can buy your course. 🤞
  19. @xprezitgmail: Charley, a question regarding your 3-2-2 system.
One video, one static, one UGC style
If the UGC style doesn't sell after 3 months, do we change it?... OR do we create another 3-2-2 and run it along with the first?
Do we "turn off" the failing UGC from the first 3-2-2 and run both simultaneously? 

Thanks for all the help you're providing Charley.
  20. @aymenbenkhemais3735: Hi Charley, I'm impressed by the quality of your content. 

I can see there's a lot of work behind and I'm so grateful that you're helping us with so much quality. I'm a true beginner on facebook ads starting from the bottom with a low budget. 

I'm about to launch my first campaigns and I would like to know which video should I watch and implement ? Cause you sent updates and I'm quite lost which one should I strictly follow. 

Thank you so much for your help. Greetings from Paris 19th arrondissement. Merci !

- The BIG Changes Na Nangyari kay Meta.. #andromeda #metaads: Kind: captions Language: en Let's be honest, many advertisers noticed big changes in campaign performance this November and December. And it's not because anyone did something wrong. There's just been a major shift in the system. By the way, my name is Ken Vaa, your Facebook ads and automation master. For over 10 years, I've been running ads and helping thousands of business owners, entrepreneurs, real estate professionals, online sellers, [musika] and OFWs build campaigns that contributed to six figure, seven figure, [musika] even eight figure results in their own businesses. And this year, it's one of the biggest changes I've seen. Many have noticed shifts such as higher advost, slower inquiries, campaigns behaving [music] differently, same efforts, different results. And this happened in a month that is traditionally busy for many [music] industries. December. December usually brings strong momentum, but this time there were many sudden changes in delivery and optimization behavior. It's just important to know, this wasn't caused by advertisers. [music] Meta rolled out a major update called Andromeda. And because of this, optimization signals, audience evaluation, creative scoring and delivery structure have changed. So there was a lot of variation in performance. across different accounts while many were trying to understand what shifted, I spent weeks studying Andromeda, testing campaigns, checking patterns, analyzing data, and I discovered the new structure that works going into 2026. December is a unique month due to holiday activity and January is one of the strongest months to reset momentum. That is why I'm hosting something special. A free one-day web class. Why Facebook [music] ads shifted after Andromeda and what you can do to prepare for 2026. This is a live one night [music] only training and completely free. Yes, it's free. I just want to help the community by sharing the updated structure and the new approach for 2026. [music] In this session, we will talk about what changes inside the system. How Andromeda processes signals, the updated 2026 targeting structure, the types of creatives the system now prefers, how to stabilize performance and how to prepare your ads for a strong start in 2026. Clear, [music] practical, and beginner friendly. So if you want clarity before the new year, if you want fresh strategies for 2026 [music] and if you want to understand the system better, join my free one day web class training. Click the button below to secure your spot. Make sure to register now. We have limited seats only. Let's enter 2026 with clarity, [music] confidence, and the right strategy. This is our breakthrough year, so I want you to be part of it. Click the button below. Now [music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @KenBaysa: Register on the Andromeda Ads Secrets Webclass on this link: https://www.adsandautomationph.com/webclass

See you inside..

- Create 1000 Ads Without Recording Anything (How To Scale Meta Ads Andromeda): Kind: captions Language: en Here's a crazy question I want to ask you. What if you could never record any other ad again in your company but still have endless supply of video ads? It sounds impossible, right? But today in this video, I'm going to show you how you can make a,000 video ads. Not one, not two, not 10, 100, a,000 video ads using things that you already have. But the problem is they're hidden inside your business. The best part is that you as a founder is not involved. Number two, they're really cheap to make. And number three, they work like charm. Because people talk about ad saturation, but nobody talks about face saturation. Like my face would also get saturated, right? Like after a time when I'm running too many ads, people are bored of seeing my face. And that's why they need more faces or different types of ad to get more customers. The best part is that this whole thing is a machine. That means once you build it, you can use it again and again and again for yourself and your clients and print thousands and thousands of ads whenever you want. Just to give you an idea, we were testing around 200 to 250 ads every single month [music] in our campaigns and checking out which was working and scaling that up. Due to which I was even able to get to a 4 lakh per day ad spend profitably. So stick till the end of the video, watch very carefully and take notes rigorously because once you understand this machine, you would have a business that is beyond you. That means even if you as a founder is not available to record ads, your business would still growing because you can test new and new ads with this setup. Now to start off with the first thing that you need to understand about ads is that you have something called as a hook. You have something called as a body and then you have something called as a CTA. Now this is a very standard approach of making ads right. So every ad has a hook. Every ad has a body. Every ad has a CTA. A hook is something that is five to 10 [music] seconds that you do in the start. The body is the main part where you talk about the product, your credibility about yourself and everything. And the last part is CTA, the call to action. This call to action part is again 30 seconds long. And body depends. You can have a 1 minute body, you can have a 2-minute body, you can have a 10-second body. It depends. You can have [music] multiple types of body. Now, here's what you need to understand. There's a new update in meta called Andromeda update. Now, this is where everything changes and that's why you need to watch this video because you might be thinking, "Oh, Himmanu, I know you will tell that just record 10 more hooks, 20 more hooks and have the same body." Well, that's the old strategy [music] because after the end of Meta update, if you read about it, you will understand that you don't need to have just different hooks. But Facebook and Meta is asking that [music] you need to have different supplies of unique ads. By unique ads, they mean the whole ad should be different. That means the hook, the body, the CTA, the whole ad should be unique and go to different type of customer personas. And that's when you would have a cheaper cost on Facebook. Now you can go on Google just [music] type enroll meta update and you will learn more about it. But the idea is that uniqueness is the new thing that meta is looking for. And if your [music] ads are not unique that means you're using the same ads again and again and just changing some tweaks and doing some things here and there it would just not work. So now here's how you solve this particular problem. See you need multiple variations of hooks and obviously the number of hooks you will generate is the highest. The second thing that you need is more bodies and more CTA. Now this is how you do it. So the first thing [music] is body and CTA. Now, this is not something that would teach you more because you can record it yourself. You know how to record it. You know how to shoot a body, how to shoot a CTA. If you don't have a template for this, like how should your body be and how should your CTA be, what I'm doing is I'm showing the QR code over here for the next [music] 5 seconds. Now, you can scan that QR code, take a screenshot, and just get the file, the access to how to write a body and how to [music] write a CTA, and you would have a body and CTA written for you. Now that template what you need to do is use again [music] and again and write 10 different bodies and have 10 different CTS right so here's how the maths look like you have body and you record 10 variations of body right so in some variations you're talking more about your credibility in some body you're talking about the product in some body you're talking about your company in some body you're talking about a customer whatever you have 10 different variations of the same body right the second part is CTA now you'll again have 10 variations of that as well right so in some CTAs you'll talk about clicking on the button In some CTS [music] you'll talk about registering. In some CT you'll talk about signing up. In some CT you'll talk about attend the master class whatever you'll have different CTAs and different bodies. Now each of the bodies that you have one thing that would be is script right? So you'll have 10 scripts. Now all of these 10 scripts need to be unique. That means you need to have a different location and secondly you need to have a different clothes right? So your clothes would change and your location would change due to which you'll have unique body sets for video and audio both because the script you are speaking is unique and the place you have the clothes you're wearing is unique. So that becomes a unique ad you'll have 10 variations of that and lastly you'll have 10 variations of call to action again same you'll have script that are different and then you'll have locations that are different. Now once you're done with body and CTA now comes the hook part that means you need more and more [music] hooks in order to create more and more ads. Now understand this part. You have 10 bodies and you have 10 CTS. That means if you combine these two things all together mix and match you'll have 10 into 10 that is a 100 different combinations right? Why? Because you can have body 1 with CTAA. Then you can have body two with CTAa. Then body 3 with CTA. So A B C 1 2 3 4 like till 10 and this till uh A B CDE E F GH I J I JK to J and 10. You keep on combining them you'll have 100 different variations. [music] Now once you have got these 100 variations you need different hooks in front of them right you need multiple hooks in front of them so that you can create multiple variations of ads technically if you can just create 10 hooks and put them in front of them you'll have a 100 ad videos but we'll not do that we'll have more hooks and less in body of CTA that means if I can have a 100 hooks in front of this and then combine them with the right body and the right CTA I can have 10,000 ads produced with in a short period of time because all I'm doing is I'm just trimming and putting them together Right? So you can edit your body, you can edit the CTA videos. Now once you have those videos ready, 10 videos here, 10 videos here. What you can do is just have a very basic video editing tool in which you can put the body CTA 1, then CTA 2, then CTA 3, then CTA 4 and render all those files. You'll have 10, then body 2, CTA 1, CTA 2, CTA 3, then you'll have 10 more. And with this you can create a 100 V ways of body and CTA. So that in your life you never need to record body and CT. So that's the first problem we have solved. Now the next problem we have is hook. Now to have the hook ready there are multiple styles you can use right in this video I'm going to give you seven ways right seven different styles through which you can record different types of hooks. So let's get into them one by one. The number one very basic that you can use today is called as testimonial ads. That means you have a lot of customers you have a lot of clients. What you need to do is you need to get to your customers and clients and ask them for testimonials. In return for testimonial you'll give something of [music] a bribe. Either you can give a discount code, either you can give something for free, a ebook, masterclass, whatever you want to give, but you give something away for free in order to get testimonials. Now I have 3,800 video testimonials. Imagine what can and I do. I can make a body which is so this was our client who was [music] able to do XYZ. If you want to click the link below, blah blah blah. This is my body and CTA and I can just have 3,800 video testim. The idea is the more testimonials you have, the more proof you have. Always understand that your customers will always sell more than you. And the reason is the customer is the hero of the business not you. You are the facilitator of heroish. But the real hero of the business is customer because they were someone who was not famous, not rich, not lost weight, not relationshiply good, whatever, right? They were in a problem. Now they did some action and now [music] became successful, rich, thin, happy, whatever the case is. And they are the real hero. You need to project your heroes and testimonial ad works [music] like crazy because you are showing life proof of what works. So you would simply ask your customers to give you testimonials and [music] all those are simply nothing but ads. So you put the ad, you put the testimonial video, you edit it nicely and after that you put your [music] body plus CTA and boom, your first ad is ready. So the more number of testimonial video you can generate, the better it is. So in this case we'll just say that you got 10 testimonials and not more than that because we'll do a calculation at the end. how many hooks we generated, how many total ads we generated. So let's say 10. 10 is the number of testimals you are able to get. I feel that anybody who's running a decent enough business can get test 10 testimonials very easily. Number two is called as viral social posts. Now here's what I want you to do. I want you to go in the internet, find your competitors, see your account as well and simply [music] see what were different viral social media posts that your competition and you were able to create. A viral is something [music] that is expected to perform than the normal one. If a page has normally 50k views, but one reel has about 400k views, that means that reel has a viral hook. The chances of that viral hook working on ad is also higher. That's why what you need to do is you need to simply go and find all the competitor's post if you don't have yours or simply go to your [music] post and see the most viral ones. Once you have the most viral ones all of those are nothing but great hooks to use. [music] So let's say you went on the internet and you find all these social media posts differently different differently and all you got was 10 different post right 10 different post from your competition and you that you saw are vital in nature and the the thing that was said in the first 5 10 seconds of that video was something that is relatable to your business or product. Now once you have done that part you come to position number three. Position number three is called as your [music] support calls. Now every business has some kind of support calls right. These are the calls where you are either giving some weekly call or you are taking a event or you are doing some kind of group teaching, right? Where you are actually solving a problem of a lot of customers on a group call, right? And agencies also have this. You can have one-on-one calls. I don't care. But you have some kind of calls. There are video calls going on. What I want you to do is scrape out those support calls. Go through all the support calls and simply see what are the different problems that customers are facing. And let's say the support call goes like or someone unmutes them and simply ask hey I have this question which is X Y and Z and then [music] you answer that particular question that's it just take a clip of that and once you have taken a clip of that of 5 to 10 seconds that becomes a hook for you now don't think it will work or not just scrape out hooks as many as possible and [music] once you have those hooks you would see how mind-blowing this architecture becomes in the long term so let's say after doing all the parts all support calls and everything you got 10 different clips that you can use don't think about the quality too much don't think about anything right now because all we're trying to crack is messaging. We are not trying to create the best ads. We are trying to find the best messaging. You don't know what works. [music] You don't know the support calls work. The set ad works, the spiral social ad works for your account, for your product. That's why what we're trying to crack is messaging. What pattern can you see that is working [music] every single time due to which we can repeat that pattern and keep on continuing those pattern. Example for me testimonial ads were working the best where we are taking a camera going to a customer and be like hey hey hey Ju do you think this would work or hey hey hey Raj do you think this is great and we are doing that continuously that's one number one number two was teach which is uh podcast ads in which I'm sitting on a podcast saying something we take there as a clip and then run ad after that that was working for me so there were three four variations that were working for me for you you need to find your three four visions as well and just [music] keep on doing those and not see what anyone else is doing which brings me to number four which is something called as a fake podcast, right? What is a fake podcast? Well, what you will do is you will have some team member or someone else sitting on the other side of the podcast and you will have a proper podcast set up in a professional manner and you will have a mic like a podcast mic and it would act like you're doing a podcast. [music] What you need to do is ask your team member that simply ask me questions that my customers face. What are their hot button problems? Like if you talk about those problems, your customers want to hear about those problems, right? And what your team member will do in two seconds ask the question, heyu, what do you think webinars work or not? Heymanu, what is AI [music] funnel? Himmanu, does AI funnel really work? Himmanu, can someone really build a funnel with AI? Himmanu, [music] do you think people do free workshops or paid workshops? Like just simple questions like this. [music] And what happens is when someone is asking me questions like this, I am just answering them in my imprompt script. Just give random imprompt answers that you feel are genuinely correct, right? It should feel authentic. Once that is done, I feel you'll have 10 different snippets, right? You'll have a one full podcast or 1 hour, let's say, and you got 10 different snippets from that. That is again 10 hooks that you have generated. Point number five, the thumbnail scraping. This is nothing but what you need to do is simply go on YouTube, find your competition channel or your channel and simply go over there and find that top five videos. Once you find that top five videos, the one of the reasons why that video worked was because the thumbnail and title was correct. Now what you need to do is simply take screenshot of those and get ready with them because what you're trying to do is simply say whatever was in the title as a hook and normally just record those videos either in a selfie format or a normal format whatever you want to do and you just record those videos right so for example one of the titles I use is these three books changed my coaching business forever let's say this video is working out really great example now I saw that on my commission profile this is working so cool now I'll take that and I'll simply make a selfie video which is like you know what these three books this change forever how I do my coaching business number one [music] number Do number three if you want more crazy hacks I'm doing a master class and the body and the CTS starts right so these is thumbnail scrapping you'll simply find what titles what questions are working in the industry and people are giving views [music] to it because people are giving views to it that means people are interested in it that means your ads would perform better because people would stop watch your ad and if your body and CT is good they'll click on the ad so let's say you were able to get 10 hooks like this as well point number six team on wider board and here's where the magic comes Right now this is all the work that you're doing one time. Right? So over here you're not included. Over here you're not needed. Over here you're not needed. Over here you are needed. Over here you're not needed. Over here you're not needed. Only this is where you're [music] needed. So you can do three four podcasts at once to create 30 40 50 hooks. I used to do a full day shoot where I used to have multiple post multiple locations and do like 10 podcasts in a series just to have all those hooks ready like 100 200 hooks ready just on podcast format. Now team on whiteboard is nothing but your team would have a whiteboard. [music] any of your team member who can speak well would be on the camera and simply recording hooks of whatever question the customer is asking. What I want you to do is two things. Go to your sales team and simply ask what are the most repeated questions. Go to your support calls and see what are the most repeated questions. Make a list of those and simply go on whiteboard and solve them. Example, one of the support questions you have uh that comes again and again is um would there be a upsell in this workshop? Example, this is a question that you get a lot right on your emails. Now what you will do is you'll have a whiteboard and simply the question is written on the whiteboard and your team member will answer it right and they'll simply say hi I am Aayush from Indian coaching empire and I saw a lot of people who asking this question which is XYZ let me answer that for you and they answer the question and the body and city of [music] you only come which we already recorded it doesn't matter if the face of hook is someone else and the body is someone else it doesn't matter the ad still performs right so after doing all that activity let's say you were able to get 10 more hooks like this and then [music] the last category comes which is called as UGC C P O V that means user generated content point of view. Now this is a UGC ad that your team can record not you but with different kinds of people in the industry. If you do events, if you are into networking events or if you're doing anything, what I want you to do is always have a mic and a camera with you or a phone with you. So let's say you you are with your customers, you are with your clients, you went to meet them, whatever the case is, you'll simply record a UGC ad which is user generated content ads where you would simply go to them with a phone have a mic in your head. You don't need to show your face. So example, there's a person sitting over here. I have a phone. I take my phone example like this. I have a mic like this. I go to them and I simply say, "Sir, sir, sir, tell me one thing. What do you think about AI funnels?" And they would just give their answer in prompt and your video ad is done. You'll go to the second person, you simply say, "Ma'am, ma'am, ma'am, what do you think webinars work or workshops work?" They'll give their answer and you're done. And you'll simply ask again and again more and more questions [music] like this. And these UGC POV ads are ads that are having different kinds of people, different avatars of people [music] that you can use in your ads. And obviously, you take permission from them. And let's say after doing all of that, you are able to create 10 ads. Now, this would also be not done by you. This would be done by team. So, you're not involved over here as well. So, combination of all is that you have 70 different hooks ready with you. Now, think about this. If you can multiply these 70 hooks with 100 body into CTA, you already have 7,000 ads. But I'm going to give you a kicker over here. The kicker is [music] this. You will not do this. You will do something even amazing. And you will go beyond the limits. You would add two things into this. The number one thing that you will record is something called as pre hooks. And [music] this is a very dangerous thing that I've seen nobody use, but has worked charm for me. Right? Number one is pre hooks. And the number two thing that you will use is called as editor style. and you [music] will multiply that by three. That means you will have three different types of editor working with you. Right? So editors have a working style, right? So some editors [music] use a lot of B-rolls, some editors don't use any B-rolls, some editors make it look premium, some editors look at make it look flashy. You need to find three different type of editors who can edit these ads in different ways. The reason you want that is because when a hook is said in a different way, while a hook is set in a different way, the editing style matters a lot because the whole video perception can change just because the editing style was different. So what you can do over here is you'll have three different editors that you're working with and all these 70 ads would be edited by editor one, editor 2 and editor 3. That means this would give result into 210 different variations of hooks. And number last part is pre hooks. Pre hooks are nothing but hooks hooks. That means what do [music] you say just before the hook matters even more because that's the first three seconds. Now what I did was I was a different places and they record different pre- hooks. Pre hooks looks something like this, right? That it's like one line that you say just to grab people's attention, right? So different pre- hooks I used to have. One of the pre-hooks I used to have was something like this. Hey, stop and watch this. Cut. Hook comes after this. A podcast clip or something. The body comes after this. Another one can be, hey, if you're a coach, then you need to watch this cut. Again, after this, the hook comes and the body CTA comes. And I used to record around 5 to 10 pre hooks. By the way, I had 40 pre- hooks, but I'm telling you, just record five more pre- hooks because what will happen is you will compound the production process. You will have 70 hooks that we have already recorded, these ones. Now, 70 hooks, let's say out of this 14 bucks, you can apply prehooks to those 14 ones because we know they are working. So 14 into five now you have 70 more ads produced out of that so these 14 are already working out of that you got let's say um 16 more working now you have 30 ads working in together now you took the 16 you give it to three different editors due to which you get 16 into three you get 48 new ads out of 48 let's say um I don't know 10 more work so now you have 30 + 10 your 40 ads are right now working because you shot 70 now the problem is a lot of people shoot 70 they don't have these styles different styles That's why they theire theirelves put 70 uh hooks cut time after that they get their 14 and they record new 70 then they get new 14 old 14 don't work anymore and the loop continues what you are doing is something smarter you record 70 hooks you get 14 working those 14 multiplied by five pre hooks you got 70 out of the 16 working so 14 and 16 now working you take the 16 give to new editors you have 48 more working and by the time this whole process comes to an end you got 40 ads you can record 70 more because you are not involved so remove only uh where the podcast ads fake podcast just remove this all of the ads do not require your effort so you can ask your team to do that now this is what we used to do every once in a month we used to have all of these recorded once more and that's how the [music] production of ads is so high that I can just keep on putting new and new ads into the campaign manager and see what is working because you're just one viral video ad away to get the most out of everything and now this is the number of ads that you can exactly create I promised you that you would be able to make a thousand ads I'm going to teach you how to make 50,000 ads, right? It just takes some more money. Uh you need to spend on editors, but it does not cost a lot because 1 minute video, some editors charge 200 for it also. Some charge thousand. You just need to see for yourself. Um if you can do it on your own even well, but here's how it happens. You have 70 hooks. You have 100 body plus CT combinations. You have five pre hooks. And then you have three editors. And by the way, if you can do let's say out of instead of 10 20, you'll have 140 ads over here. But I'm saying this say 70, right? Which is very conservative. You can easily get that, right? And if you just multiply these numbers, you'd be shocked because the number of ads that you can in total create by using this whole machine is approximately 10,000 ads. To be exact, 10,500 ads. But you have got yourself 10,000 ads by just doing one single shoot. And I hope this was crazy to you and you were mind blown with this whole picture. What I want you to do is comment down what strategy you're going to use, what parts of this video you're going to use. Number two, what other problems you have in ads that I can solve through these videos. Share this with a friend who's struggling to create more and more ads. And lastly, click on the subscribe button because more value like this is coming your way and you don't want to miss it

  Top Comments:
  1. @sahilnasrani [2 likes]: Always waiting for your video, as ICEX really changed my life.
  2. @Sairamnayak9 [1 likes]: always the goat content 

small feedback : try to decrease the volume of background music its a bit distracting
  3. @mhmahfuz6557 [1 likes]: great, but QR code file is empty
  4. @prodbyaarya [1 likes]: Hi, The google drive is empty
  5. @PawanSaini-4t [1 likes]: thanks bro ❤
  6. @MarketingEngineer-p9x [1 likes]: Drive scanner is not working
  7. @PernillaSimonssonKhammar: $14 ❤
  8. @Hindustansaga: I want to run ads for website design services, but I don’t want to create video ads. Instead, I plan to use carousel ads and static image posts. Will this approach be effective? Also, with a daily ad budget of ₹500, how many ads should I run or rotate per day to get the best results?
  9. @nanda4131: Hey Himanshu, not all niches could implement this but few of your points can be used universal irrespective of the niche.
  10. @hindipaheli_54321: Hey himanshu.. I have a question 4 you! How many ads (creatives) should we use with little budget around Rs.500/day.?  5,10,50...
  11. @nicebuddy4218: on 3 min onward
  12. @CivilXcelByAtif: Verify informative and practical 💯
  13. @prodbyaarya: Hi, The google drive is empty
  14. @prodbyaarya: Hi, The google drive is empty
  15. @mdjayedmallick5933: Body and CTA Drive Folder is empty🥲

- I Made Almost $1 MILLION Last Year, but I CAN’T Rest: Kind: captions Language: en So, this old fart did really well last year. Yep. Me. In fact, this is what we made last year. And you would think that I would just cruise and just keep repeating what we did last year and still be okay, right? But no, no, no, no. I'm not doing that. And I blame this guy right here. Yeah, Casey Neistat. You because I've been watching Casey and Iat since he started. I don't know, like 2015 or something. And I love his videos and I wish he posted more. But this video right here, for some reason, it stuck with me. And I'm going to show you the whole thing. So, let's watch that. And the whole video is 27 seconds, but it's had a very, very important impact on how I do things. But why though? I mean, we're super comfortable right now, right? If you're new here, my name is Gerald and I'm just the dad trying to make it big for them and for him. And I made close to seven figures in 2025 running the unsexiest business on earth. And I'm sharing our road to our first million-doll year with you guys so you can skip the learning curve and know exactly what to do and more importantly what not to do. And why am I doing all these experiments and testing all these things out and learning about ads and social media and all these things and system building, leadership, all these things, you know, being remote while your business is running. Why am I trying to learn all these things? because this is the skill set that will enable me to pursue my main quest which is to be able to give my family as much quality and quantity time as they need while also taking care of the things that I need and want in life like my hobbies and all that stuff. And I don't know about you, but for me making money is not the most important [music] thing. Like do I want to make tons of money? Of course I do. But I only want it so I can do the things that really matter to me. Like, you know, sharing all these information and hopefully helping people out with their business problems. But I only want it so that I can do the things that I really want to do in life. You know, like personally focusing on [music] my health and getting stronger and better as I age. Things like riding my motorcycle everywhere, seeing the country, seeing the world, doing that with my family, being able to open up doors for my kids so that we all can have financial and time freedom. [music] annoying my wife 24/7. These are the things that are important to me. And sadly, I need money to make it happen. Plus, being 50 now, I have been working my whole adult life. And if I had realized when I was 30 that all I had to do was learn how to sell on the internet, learn how to use ads and social media and all that, man, my life would have had a different trajectory altogether. Cuz we've only been in business with Merch Studio for 5 years and with a t-shirt brand for 6 years. And before that, I was teaching here in the United States for about 12 years. And at no point during the time that I was teaching that I felt [music] like I was becoming financially stable. I mean no hate on teachers. Teaching is a very noble profession. But I saw that there was no financial fulfillment for somebody that's high [music] maintenance like me in a career like that. And people can talk all they want about living within your means. And that's a very important thing. But you have [music] to increase your means so that you can live better. Right? I mean I'm still not spending more than I'm earning but I'm earning more. So, I'm able to spend more and acquire [music] somewhat expensive hobbies like biking and like I'm able to pay for my daughter's guitar classes or shooting classes or, you know, her art classes without having to worry about where that payment is going to come from. You know, we're not rich. We're not rich, but we're able to do some of these things that we want to do in life apart from making money because we're figuring out how to make more and more money. Plus, I want to get to that point where we don't have any financial worries whatsoever, either at [music] present or potential problems in the future that will be able to impact other people's lives, too. But you've heard the saying before, if hard work made you rich, then the dunkey would own the farm. And I'm not discounting hard work at all because you have to be the hardest worker in the room, especially in a saturated industry like DTF. You have to be the hardest worker in the room so that you can make a profit or make a good profit, right? You have to work on certain things, but you got to be smart about what you're working on too, right? You have to learn and unlearn a lot of things as you go from one level to another. And every time you scale, it's a whole new different set of skills that you need to learn. And you'll have to make decisions real fast or your competition is going to leave you in the dust. And sometimes the scariest part of it is you're not going to know if that decision is the right one or the wrong one until you make it. So, you're just going to have to be okay with making mistakes and losing money because of those mistakes. And you have to get over yourself because you're going to fail multiple times. I know that because it's happened to us time and time again. But the difference between us and the people that close shop is whenever we fall, we stand up again. We dust ourselves. We figure out what we did wrong and tweak that. Check this out. See that gooey nice yolk that I have on all of them? That took me years to perfect. It took me a bit of time to get it perfect. But [music] you know what? It's worth it. And the only way that I'm able to make these yolks consistently time and again is with a lot of trial and error. Like I had to tweak the temperature and the boiling time [music] and the cooling time and all that stuff until I got to this perfect yolk. And that's really how Meta and the Andromeda update wants us to do our ads. It wants us to try different things out [music] and see what works and see what doesn't. scrap what doesn't work. Optimize what works and keep on improving it over [music] time. And this whole concept of being okay with trying new things out, being okay with making mistakes, being comfortable with being a beginner again, you know, this is what keeps life interesting. And you can apply it for your business. But it's also a great way to live your life. You know, whether we're talking about relationships, hobbies, personal growth, all these things, it really works. Like for example, in my new hobby, which is riding motorcycles, when I got into it, I bought my first motorcycle before I even learned how to make it run. You know, uh I've been doing it for about a year now and it's been a blast. It saves my sanity. It keeps me Something to be excited about life. And now I have something that I look forward to every day and I wake up energized and excited because of it. But I wouldn't have this if I wasn't okay with being a beginner and trying something new. And it's also true for improving your health, for keeping your relationship interesting, and pretty much everything in life. Like for example, like if my wife and I went to the same restaurant every single time, and if we did the same things over and over again, you know, our relationship would get boring. But, you know, we try to keep it interesting with new activities and new experiences, seeing different places when we can, messing with each other, and being unpredictable. And we're trying to teach these things to our kids because, you know, I love education, but sometimes our educational system, it penalizes us for making mistakes. You know, you get the wrong answers, your grades go down, that impacts your college life and so on and so forth. But in real life, you know, being comfortable with making mistakes is really what gets you to the next level. Because even though I have mentors, their experiences and the path of their business is going to be different from where my business is going. And what worked for them might not necessarily work for me. I do listen to them and I do implement what they tell me, but I do that with a mindset of trial and error. I'm going to try this out and see if it works. If it doesn't, that's okay. I'm going to try something else and just help them figure out their own path in this crazy and often chaotic world of e-commerce and small business. And I know that it's a lot of work, but in the 8020 of things, that's part of the 20% that's very, very important for you to do because the most important thing for growing the business, apart from having a great quality product, is knowing how to continuously increase your customer base and increase your sales over time. Plus, what else am I going to do? Just stop ads altogether and just hope for the best. I mean, I don't know about you, but for me, hope is not a strategy. So, I have to be proactive at doing these things so that I can keep on growing our company. And I know that some of you think that meta ads don't work and it's just a money pit. If you think that, you probably spent some money on meta ads before, maybe even five, six figures, and it didn't return well for you. But see, the thing about ads is you have to be very specific about who you're talking to [music] and what you're trying to solve for them. So before you even start creating your ads and your copy and all that stuff, you need to figure out who your ideal customer is. Only when you're able to find and talk to that one ideal person, [music] help them realize that you understand them and that your offer is the solution to their problem. Only then will you be able to acquire that customer. If you want to learn how to do that, click this video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @urbanlabcc: One of my favourites so far
  2. @urbanlabcc: TOP CLASS VIDEO 11/10
  3. @Brangcos: Hello
  4. @bigmaxxxthemountainhustler5257: ❤❤❤
  5. @zacktop1-s3g: Your my biggest mentor, greeting from Nigeria 🇳🇬 starting my own screen printing business soon

- The NEW Meta Ads Blueprint for 2025 (Andromeda Algorithm EXPLAINED): Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to the first episode of AdSense, a new podcast where we talk about everything media buying related. Today we got a chance to talk to one of the best media buyers that I know, Marin. [music] And we went through his entire testing structure, scaling structure, his creative pipeline, CRO and offer testing and some of his favorite tools. Um, Marin, what a great conversation and I can't wait for everybody to get into it. >> Yeah, it's full packed, no flop, just action points. Hope both you and I like it and I hope the listeners will too. >> If you don't know Marin, you've been living under a rock and if you've been on Twitter X and you don't follow this guy and you're completely missing out. Marin, I think we met like a few years ago in uh Geek Out Miami. >> In Geek Out Miami and uh you were giving a presentation which was amazing and you know since then I've I've followed you and I've I've looked to you for advice you know in certain you know situations and circumstances. I think you're if not everyone's favorite follow on on on Twitter, you're about to be. Um, but I I definitely want to thank you for for coming on the show. Um, you're super tactical in your approach to everything that you do when it comes to media buying. Uh, but for those who don't know, you would love a quick introduction and a little bit of your background and then let's get into it. >> Yeah, I appreciate the kind intro you put uh some some pressure on on for me on this episode. Yeah, as you said, uh, we met at Geek Out. Um, I like to structure all of my presentations so they're like actionable, no fluff because I hated going to a conference and then like someone tests you, someone tells you, "Hey, just test hooks or whatever." How I came to this position? So I was in my senior year of college studying computer science uh also playing football semi-professional. So I was trying to figure out like which route to go. Somehow I stumbled upon digital marketing. started learning everything there is about it like went through the whole Facebook and Google literature support to like try to understand how the auction works. It sounds interesting to me. Uh I'm a analytical great with numbers detail oriented. So I started freelancing soon uh met Matt uh who I joined as a freelancer then like junior mid senior head of performance currently partner at the same agency. So basically my whole journey is tied to inspire. Uh we are a boutique agency focused on paid social. Facebook is our bread and butter and uh we realized through the years that we can scale other people businesses. So we started our own. So in between my clients and the agency and spend over $150 million on Facebook ads and I'm hopefully going to share some uh nuggets on this episode. >> That's actually really interesting. You were picking between soccer and computer science and computer science. I don't I don't think I've ever heard that before. What if I said you're wasting nearly 30% of your ad budget? If you're spending at least $5 million a year, odds are you're setting at least seven figures on fire. Life site has run dozens of waste audits using incrementality tests. Across the board, 20 to 30% of media spend drives zero incremental revenue despite what your inplatform rorowass says. LifeSight is a measurement platform that finds the waste and then tells you exactly what to cut, what to scale, and what to reallocate. No more dashboards and vibes. No more stitched together spreadsheets and gut feelings. Just real measurement built for high growth brands [music] growing to 9 figures and beyond. If you're tired of chasing fake rorowaz numbers that collapse as you scale, check out lifesight.io/adspend. Now, let's get back to the episode. >> What we're here to talk about is Meta, right? It's on everybody's mind. It's it's the the topic of conversation. It is undoubtedly has been and probably will be the best, you know, platform for customer acquisition. I do think this year there was a lot of changes. Um, you know, whether it was, you know, health and wellness brands getting kind of flagged for, you know, um, you know, events and and things like that or maybe it was the the new algorithm change with Andromeda and how, you know, marketers have to start thinking about diversity and volume and and all the things that have always been important, but I feel like Meta is kind of amplifying it even more. But would love your take like how are you seeing this year versus kind of any other year? um when it comes to meta. >> Yes, it's definitely tougher. Uh definitely health and wellness impacted a lot of brands. Even the brands that haven't uh been impacted with um you know restrictions, they feel uh they're suffering. Most of my clients are like either like same year on year or like they making more revenue but with a less profit. So is there's definitely something uh that's happening. In terms of the Andromeda, there's lots of talks like how it impacts why it impacts what you should do. But honestly, I did not notice any big uh difference in the ad account except the fact that the iterations do not work as they worked before. >> Pretty much my setup is same as it was uh last year. >> Um it just feels like okay everything is less efficient. We are paying a bit more for the click but that click is converting the less. >> Mhm. Makes sense. So, I I I definitely want to get into kind of the the actual account structure here because I I I do think uh for viewers and listeners of this of the show. Basically, uh there is no right way to do meta, right? You you pick something that that makes sense for you and the brand. Um you know, how you're structuring creative tests or how you guys have a a creative flywheel and how testing landing pages and offers. There's so many ways to run meta, right? and and I feel like that's been more so the case this year where last year I feel like everybody was running it the same way and everything was kind of working right now when you come to this year you know there's a lot of talks around well you should be testing with this structure or you should be using these exclusions or you should be using these attribution settings and you should be doing this that and whatever it is right there's so many variables that you can kind of pick and choose and by the time you even test all of them you could have lost a lot of money right so the point of this the show is to kind of get your take because you've built a brand, you've built multiple brands using your strategy. It obviously works and so I want the audience to have a reference point of okay, well, let me test this way and see how it goes for my business, right? So, I think first things first, let's get into the ad account breakdown, right? Um, how are you running your ad account? How are you testing? How are you scaling? Let's get right into the nitty-gritty. Yeah. So listen, I'm a media buyer, but I but I tell to all of my clients like media buyers are uh sorry, ads are just amplifiers. They're a cherry on top. With technical media buying, I can improve your results maximum like 20 30% if your ad account is terrible and you don't have proper exclusions, you don't know how to optimize. But then everything else is depending on the offer and on the creatives. We can start with the uh technical side. So my preferred structure is testing where each of the test is a new adset. So let's say if I have a four anti-aging videos that would be one adset. If I have like three uses us versus them images that would be another adset. So basically each adset is a new test with three to five different variations of the same concept. I prefer to use because in a CBO I noticed that Facebook sometimes spends based on the engagement metrics. It depends on the ad that has the highest thumb stop ratio or the ad that has the highest click rate and that's not necessarily indicator of performance. So I like to use because that allows me to scale each individual good test. Sometimes I get like from 100 to 5K in a single adset that's performing good over the course of like two weeks. When I do that with five six adsets, I'm scaling right away in the testing. No matter if my testing campaign is labeled as testing, I scale whatever it works. So that's my core campaign. What is important to mention here is that works if you have decent hit rate. >> So let's say if you have at least three out of 10 winners, then then the winners pay for the losers. If you have one out of 10 tests that's working, then you're going to waste a lot of money in testing. That's why people say does not work. I mean does not work if your tests do not work. back. >> So, let's let's go and uh let's dive a little bit deeper in here, right? Um when are you testing? Like what is the cadence? Are you are you testing weekly? Um what does that look like? >> Yeah, so I launch all of my tests on Wednesday. Uh because I notice performance is way better on a weekend and I want them to run through the weekend. If I launch them on on a weekend, I have just two days >> of a decent performance and then like Monday and Tuesday are usually bad. So I I schedule them on Wednesday. everything with let's say I can speak for our our brand it's uh with $100 so evaluate them on Friday so basically they get like two two and two two and a half days like so 250 they spend like okay if something is getting traction I already increase the budget on that asset if >> and how are you increasing the budget are you doubling are you bumping by a percentage >> so let's say from 100 to 200 200 350 350 550 550 750 750 1k that's like every day or every 2 three Okay. So basically I can get from 100 to 1k you know like in a week and a half. >> Yeah. So that's first thing. Uh I value them on Friday. I can immediately see if something is bad. So like if my average I know people say CPC doesn't matter but if my average CPC is like $2 and I have a test with $5, it's not going to work. If I if I if my average thumb stop ratio is 30% but this one has 17, it's not going to work. So like sometimes, yeah, maybe I like kill some of the ones that could be potentially decent one, but they're never never going to be be winners, right? >> So on Friday, I evaluate. I maybe also check if one ad like sucked all of the spend, like 90% of the spend. I maybe decrease the budget. I let them run through the weekend and I repeat everything on a Monday. M >> so by Monday I have one/3 of the test that I scaled one/3 that I killed and one/3 that is running with the either similar budget same budget or like I killed one of the variation the next week again next next tests are going uh live on a Wednesday >> got it understood and then in terms of ideal number of tests right I I find that there's a lot of varying opinions on well should I go quantity over quality or quality over quantity but where where is that sweet spot for you? Um, and I would imagine it it it also depends on size of the brand, but if for those who are listening, how do I decide how many creatives I should be launching on a weekly basis? >> Yeah. I mean, let's say [gasps] for a brand that's spending 10K a day, I think you should test between 10 and 15 concepts a week. Uh, for a brand that's spending, let's say, 5K, I think you need to be between five and 10. That's concept concept with multiple variation. I don't have a hard rule, but you can feel like what how much you need. Okay, I mean maybe we're on a 5k and you want me to scale, but you give me only two tests a week, I will not be able to scale. So, it's not like I mean depending what you want. If you're comfortable with me spending 5K with a decent CPA and I can scale you to 6K to 7K, okay, that's fine. But like to take you to the next level, we definitely need uh volume. I'm a guy that favors quality over quantity. I don't like you know these guys that are like launching 100 uh stuff that they got from seeding and just just for the sake of launching and like you get one out of 100 that's performing but obviously uh even with the quality you need quant you need quantity to scale. >> Got it. Makes sense. Um, no. I mean, it comes down to the hit rate, right? It and we'll get into a creative process a little bit later, but, um, if you feel like your your hit rate is, you know, solid, you know, 30%, then obviously you don't necessarily need it, uh, uh, to launch as much, right? But if if you're if you're at a 10% or lower, then obviously you're going to need a lot more, right? Um, on the testing side, uh, I found that I've been testing a lot more on what exclusions to include and not include. Um, have you found that that has changed this year or are you sticking to what you've been doing, which is >> I'm pretty much sticking to what I've been doing. Let's just uh jump back to the hit rate. So, if the hit rate is low, then I would test with the CBO but with the min budget. So I would assign min budget to each of the concept to still get some data because otherwise I will burn a lot of money. In terms of the exclusions, 90% of my customer uh 90% of my clients care about acquiring new customers. So that I'm definitely excluding full purchase list and uh sync from Clavio and from Pixel 180 days. Basically the most the highest possible exclusion. Obviously there's some gaps especially since the iOS 14 and especially on the brands that um have repeat uh high repeat rate. >> Mh. >> So then obviously I I exclude all the possible but then I still get like discrepancy between the new customers and all of the customers which is honestly annoying. >> Yeah. But what I found for some of the brands let's say brands that are bu built organically you know that they had an organic presence then they transition to Facebook >> uh there you get so many view conversions so then on them I also exclude website visitors because I don't want Facebook to claim the sales that Facebook is not uh responsible for. I have one client that does not exclude buyers and like their percentage of new customers did not change at all, but they are like heavy on acquisition. So, I don't think that's the case. I think that's more an as an an exception than the rule. >> Mhm. Makes sense. Okay. So, full full customers, you have the list, you have the the pixel, you're excluding website visitors based off of the brand in itself, right? I think one thing that I've also thought about this year is that signal is very important to to Meta, especially post, you know, Andromeda update. Um, obviously we want new customers. So, we don't want, you know, our customers buying again through these ads cuz that's not what we're we're working for. Uh, I've kind of taken a step back on website visitors as an exclusion before. It's like, well, I want to test a new creative that's going to dethrone my my current winners. And if if they can perform while being excluded from customers and being excluded from website visitors, I know it's a winner, right? >> The problem here is that with this >> hit rate is even lower. >> Hit rate is even lower. And if now Meta is like, okay, well, >> I I want I want a little bit of engagement from, you know, a warmer audience to say, okay, well, >> the the engagement signals on this is is decent. let me let me help you with better options. Right? So, that's been my like I guess you know testing from maybe going from 180 days to maybe 30 days and then removing it entirely and and and seeing you know how how things go. Um so I'm curious like uh in terms of signal strength and just kind of engagement where has anything of your mindset changed from from last year to to this year? >> Yeah, so I have some ad accounts where it's like just purchase it's not website visitors. Uh the thing is you can see that percentage of new visits is lower. It's not like 80, it's like 60 or like 55. So like that's cool, but you should be aware of that like it's not really prospecting. Uh and then like okay, if you put it with the full exclusion, it's not necessarily uh scaled. So that's definitely good. Uh but you should be aware of that this is not necessarily scalable just because it's doing partially a bit more retargeting. >> Right. Makes sense. Um attribution settings. What do you like to use for for testing? >> 7day click one day view is default one because 90% of my clients they have additional third party tracking software like uh triple whale or norbeam. So no matter what Facebook say I'm not making decision based on Facebook. >> The only thing is that I notice uh for the ads that are doing a bit more retargeting. So images I know they're doing retargeting and mashups they're doing retargeting. So, I test them with 7-day click just because I know they're going to do more retargeting and I don't want them uh give Facebook a chance to do the retargeting more. That's one thing. And the other thing is as I mentioned again the brands that are built built organically, I noticed they have way more percentage of view conversions than the regular. So, I find like around 20 to 25% of view conversions is fine. Anything more than that, it's a you know warning sign to me. Then I test on 7day click only. We had one brand that they were built built organically. Uh they like they started with Facebook ads. They got to 10K like in a month >> and like Ross was like, you know, seven. >> I checked view conversions. It's like 80% view conversions. So I told them, hey guys, like you're just spending money in vain. Facebook is just claiming the sale that it's not responsible. We cut, we switched everything to 7-day click. We cut all of their stuff. their revenue stayed the same. We spent 200k less. So basically we saved them 200k just because we were not optimizing based on Facebook numbers. So for those clients I run exclusively 7day click. >> Right? Makes sense. >> Marketing across multiple channels can be pure chaos. One platform says scale, the other says pause. The CFO says cut the budget. That's where life site comes in. It combines geoexperiments, mm and incrementality adjusted attribution in one unified platform. You get causality, not just correlation and [music] click paths. But the best part is it doesn't stop at measurement. Life gives you accurate plan forecast with actionable recommendations like cut this campaign or scale this channel. If you're spending real money and don't know what's actually moving the needle, you need to try LifeSite. Get started with a 30-day free audit and platform evaluation by going to livesite.io/adspend. They'll show you exactly where your spend is being wasted. No strings attached. >> You're running testing on everyone's favorite debate, but what is the bidding strategy here? >> Lowest cost. >> Lowest cost. Yeah. >> Have you tested manual bidding on testing campaigns at all? I did um on some of the clients honestly performance was like worse than it was uh during the lowest cost. It could be because I kind of like okay low lowest cost is not working. Let's try cost cap. So it's not maybe a fair chance that I gave this like poor ad account chance to test >> um on a lowest cost. I can again see that percentage of new visits is lower >> which tells me it's doing partially a bit more retargeting. The other thing is that like I'm okay like let's say if I have a CPA target of 50 I'm okay Facebook like giving me 60 >> and like in the lowest cost sorry in a in a manual bid that's not necessarily the case especially if you test with the bid cap it would not go above that and I'm okay with paying like 10 20% more if it gives me a bit more volume and I'm not a fan of using cost cap for testing because I don't think the Facebook can determine the performance without serving an impression or like not necessarily serving an impression but like just within $5. I don't think like I mean I trust Facebook spend is an indicator but not to an extent that it can determine whether the ad is perform performing good or not based on the couple of dollars $5. On the other side I'm a fan of using cost cap for scaling. >> Okay, let's get into let's get into scaling. So right now we're testing an Um you're launching ads weekly. You're you're u scaling up winners that that look good. You're cutting anything that doesn't look good on on based off of soft metrics and you're kind of leaving the ones in the middle to to kind of figure itself out. Okay. >> Now, back on Wednesday, you have um some really solid winners from the week before. What are you doing with those? >> I take their post ID and I put them into Advantage Shopping Plus with the cost cap, which is Advantage Shopping Plus per product because I'm using cost cap. If I have different products, one has $100 AOE, the other has $200 AOE, they have different cost per acquisition target. So I cannot mix them together because if I put one cost cap, Facebook would spend maybe uh on another product that has a lower AOV and I would not be profitable. So basically I always when I'm using manual bid, I have campaign per product. >> Uh initially when I'm launching this advantage shopping plus, I import winners. So let's say 10, five, 10 winners and then on a weekly basis I feed that advantage shopping plus with new ads. It's like a hunger game, you know, like whoever wins wins. I don't care if one ad would not get spent in testing because I'm scaling it. Sorry, I do not care if one ad would not get spent in uh scaling because I'm scaling it in testing. But whatever works here works and it's kind of operating on inflated budget, right? just because I noticed that the cost cap um can spend more on a weekend and I know performance is better on a weekend. So on a Tuesday it would let's say it's operating on a 20k budget and it might cost cap at the target CPA on a Tuesday it would spend 5k on a Thursday it would be it would spend 7k on a Saturday it would spend 19k >> and I'm not touching anything so basically we are leveraging that I call it weekend scaling uh to kind of like bump our results because I as a media buyer cannot determine to what extent I could scale on a weekend cuz sometimes I would like increase like from 2k to 5k but there had been more room. Sometimes I would increase from 2K to 5K and it would be bad performance, >> right? No, I agree. And that's one of my favorite use cases for manual bidding is to at least capture the demand when it is there. >> Um, and then kind of pull back when it's not right. So, at least with your testing, you have some uh consistent volume and then when it can, you know, maybe on the weekend, you know, there's a little bit more demand, people are on social. um you know, maybe you guys had, you know, something kind of go viral organically and you've kind of built that demand. >> Facebook can kind of go after it when it when it needs to. So I I really I I love the strategy here. Um so kind of just recap testing in an separate campaign, uh moving winners into an ASC campaign with with a cost cap. General thoughts around ASC, what how do you feel about this addition as a as a campaign uh from Meta? Yeah. So, um, initially when they introduced Advantage Shopping Plus like three years ago, I think like I was like, "Okay, what's happening here? They're not giving us control and I'm a media bar that likes to have control." So, I was like, "Okay, I I'm I'm not really fan of that." But I did see it like initially performing very well. Down the road, I see that it does a bit more retargeting uh than the regular campaign, which is, >> you know, it's a good thing and it's not a good thing. I don't know like what you said I want a bit more signals but not to the extent that is like limiting me from from prospecting. So I see the same ad in testing where my full exclusions and in advantage shopping plus same ad has different percentage of new visits which tells me it does a bit more retargeting but as long as it scales it scales. Honestly, I don't have um any account yet that has that new advantage shopping plus where you don't have a customer cap, but you have like regular exclusions because when the Facebook rep asked me, I said like opted opted me out out of all of this. So, I'm going to see what's what's going to happen when I get uh that uh new campaign in one of the >> um so then in terms of uh exclusions for ASC, um are you setting an existing budget or not? Uh, so I put 0% cap at existing customers and then in my engagement segment I put website visitors 180 days and a list of subscribers. >> Nice. I love that. So the first thing that you mentioned obviously is that the ad account structure is not the silver bullet for a brand, right? We all know that. Um, at the end of the day, you have to have a good brand. You have to have a good product. You have to have good creatives, uh, offers, everything. Everything that that truly matters to success happens outside of the ad account, right? >> Um, for for viewers out there, they're just like, well, that's fine. Like, I just need something to just follow, right? And and and and so I'm glad you gave that that outline and that breakdown, but I want to I want to get into the things that actually matter the most, which is um like I mentioned, let's start with creative, right? um how are you guys sourcing creative? What does creative diversity mean for you and and and how are you delivering, you know, on a on a on a weekly basis? >> Yeah, so most of the clients that I work with, they either have an in-house team when they're working with a creative agency that feeds them like on a monthly or like bi-weekly basis with the creatives u internal team usually either either like edits the stuff from the seeding or does some mashups or does some images. So that's kind of like already a mix uh to me in both like formats whether it's like scripted whether it's like you know freestyling from the creator that's kind of like first step in the creative diversification. The other step is um angles. I think the angles are like what make or break the other account. For some of the ad account we like unlocked the new angle that like enable us to spend like you know additional 2 3k uh per ad in that ad account. Then like okay you take that script then you give it like to 20 other creators who can film the same script with the same angle because you know it's working. So that's definitely first step to the scaling and then obviously uh market awareness. it doesn't make sense to sell a benefits of the product to someone who doesn't even know he has a problem right you know so if you can break that down that like >> okay like let's do a mini VSSL on this angle let's start with the personal story uh journey let's start with the advertorial that does a bit more uh that top of the funnel that like every piece of like you know I call that a pie and like with a different pocket or different bite of a pie you unlock a different uh angle you're not going to scale based on uh one angle and one creative. I mean sometimes you will when you find like exceptional winner but the fact is you probably already found that winner. So you need to do more stuff out outside of that. >> Makes sense. Okay. So essentially what you guys are trying to do is one diversity means being able to have uh creatives in static format, video format and then within that um what are the different messaging um that is targeting different levels of awareness? Yeah, that would be like a you know the last step in terms of level of awareness like when you're spending more than 30k a day I prefer more videos uh because the images in most of my ad accounts I found vages images do retargeting uh no matter like if you came up with the ultimate angle that's like nobody knows about that it would do retargeting I can see based on the frequency based on the audience segment breakdown based on the percentage of new visits so I want to focus on the videos uh I found images working only for the products that are self-explanatory. So, you know, uh clothing, uh uh toys, uh jewelry, stuff like that, >> right? So, anything maybe like the health and wellness side that you know, both of us are in, the videos are essentially helping you generate >> um more awareness for certain problems and issues, right? For for the people that may not even realize I have a problem, right? Um, I think in terms of, you know, when you actually tie it back to the ad account performance, you're looking for those those ads that have a really low frequency. Um, but you know, high thumb stop, high hook rate, um, or hold rate and and it's allowing you to kind of build this awareness so that when you do have a static ad that performs, it's it's kind of moving people down the funnel. >> Exactly. It's like eating the what that video generated. I I have one screenshot. I think I posted it on Twitter. I had two ads in Advantage Shopping Plus. One was like a mini VSSL. It spent uh 100K, frequency was 1.1. And I had an image ad with an offer. It spent 10K. It had a frequency of three. >> So like this ultimately tells you that like that image is doing retargeting and it's performing only because it's bottom of the funnel >> because of the video, right? So I guess when you do analyze the data, this is a question that comes up a lot, which is, you know, if I'm running a campaign and I my top spending ad has a really high CPA, um, what do I do? Right? >> That's a great question. I would first ask myself like, okay, how is my blended doing? Like if we are pacing where we are, then I will leave that. The other question is if my target CPA is 100, but this ad has like 85, I'm going to leave it. If if it has like 45 then like maybe it doesn't make sense. So depending to what extent that ad is bad I'm going to make decision. Also I'm going to check the frequency to see to what extent this ad is actually doing top of the funnel. >> Makes sense. Now, in terms of creative strategy, what are you guys doing to find these angles? Because I know you guys do a lot of whitelisting. Yeah. And then you guys have, you know, obviously static ads that are going out, but creative strategy wise, like how are you guys coming up with angles to kind of test and um what can people out there do to to test more? >> So, customer review mining um in Atraa, you can upload all of your customers and it kind of like maps you out what are the angles uh that people are buying from. So, that's kind of like first step. The other is um in ad manage that's a tool where you can uh like it streamlines bulk uploading of the ads. So basically I can launch 100 ads. >> I just started using that. So they have a feature where you can analyze the Facebook ads comments and it categorize you per angle. Uh so that's another thing that like okay first is like let's take what our what our customers are saying that's a basis for uh you know ads and especially like using the phrases not just the angles but because like you will find out so many people uh will tell you their whole story in the comment that you can repurpose and run as an ad. So that's our kind of like first thing. Okay, let's take those angles, let's run them on the static. Whatever works, whatever got some traction on a static, let's move that to UGC. >> If that works, let's give it to the influencer. Uh and at that point, we can already started mapping a landing page per that angle. So ultimately the goal is to get to stage where you have uh multiple videos about the angle running to the landing page about that angle because you want everything to be congruent. >> I love that. Um, so because you just mentioned landing pages, I want to go into kind of the ideal setup for brands when it comes to kind of the destination, right? Um, what is your go-to when it comes to, you know, are you sending traffic to a landing page? Is it PDP advertorial? Um, what's your strategy there? >> Yeah. So again, if the product is self-explanatory like um apparel or jewelry, I think like there's no better thing than PDP because every every person is familiar with that Shopify layout of the product page and it's easier to browse the like different variants and different colors. So I think PDP is amazing for all the products that are problem solving. I think the advertorial can be uh really good. My two favorites are listical and personal story advertorials. The important thing is to track what's your clickthrough rate of the advertorial because in theory you're going to lose between like you know 60 and 70% of traffic. So you need to make that up on a conversion rate. So if you can educate people uh enough that uh that you can make up for the people that are uh not clicking. So definitely track the click-through rate of the uh landing of the landing page. But what we found most success with with some of the clients is like uh sales page which is kind of like mix of the advertorial and um and the product page. I think you guys using something similar which like it also has lot of information uh and it's not you're not losing people and people are still there and then there's an offer at the bottom with the buy box. So that's what we found that is kind of like a good mix between the editorial and the product page. >> I love that. And then in terms of offers, how often are you guys you know testing different things like what what should people be doing in terms of you know actually delivering an offer to a consumer? >> Yeah. So after the product I think the offer has the biggest impact on the performance of the ad. Uh so for like couple of clients we realized that like let's say hit rate was like 20% which is decent you manage to scale here something here and there but then like when we changed the offer like hit rate went to 45%. So like it wasn't tests that were bad, it was offer that was bad. So I started like relaunching some of the stuff that I tested before that were not the winners and they turned out to be decent. They did not necessarily turn out to be the winners. >> So definitely offer has a huge effect on the performance. So couple of favorites that are currently working is um uh free gift with the purchase, but it needs to be like a no-brainer deal like you know it needs to have a high perceived value. If you're giving like a pen to someone like it's not a perceived value. If you're like giving a I don't know some kind of template, you know, it has to be something that like is let's say not it's it's it's it's expensive enough on your product on your website that you can like give it as a free gift and like people wow this is amazing. Also another thing is price anchoring. So basically just you know almost as a people manipulation uh you know when you have especially for supplements or skincare one month two month three month when you prime them to buy that three month when you make two month looking as a terrible offer and then like when three month is like wow I'm scamming them like they're crazy for giving me this. So that's I think has the biggest effect how to get to that point. >> Uh it's very hard. It requires a lot of education. Some it requires a lot of iteration. Sometimes you would hit that like on your fifth iteration and mostly it's on the intelligence but not tracking conversion rate, not tracking AOV, not tracking revenue per visitor but actually profit per visitor, right? >> So that's our kind of like um u setup for the offer testing >> and and how often are you actually running tests whether it's um you know landing page test or copy test or image test or offer test. How often or what what should be the cadence in which >> Yeah. There's always something running. Yeah. So even if you found the offer, you can like tweak it and like test $2 increments, $5 increment or like you can test especially on advertorial like you by now we know like what has the biggest effect. Let's say the first headline uh at the at the landing page or the first image. So okay, let's try to improve that. So like if you get just like if you're always getting 0.1 increments, it just compounds and it's like it's a no-brainer to test when you have intelligence. It's such an easy thing. You don't have to do so much developments. >> I love that. If you're scaling across Meta, Google, Tik Tok, and connected TV, but still don't have a clear answer to what's actually working, Lifesight can give you that clarity. It helps you move away from outdated touch-based attribution models. It's a measurement tool that shows what's truly driving growth and profits [music] so you can make your best decisions. They'll audit your ad spend for free, show you where the waste is, and give you a clear plan to reallocate it. If you're ready to stop guessing and start scaling with confidence, get started with your first 30 days on the house. If you're ready to stop guessing and start scaling with 30 days on the house. Check out livesite.io/adspend [music] or hit the link in the description. >> No, this has been great. I I I want to kind of close out with maybe uh three of your favorite tools that you're using on a day-to-day basis to make your life easier. >> On a day-to-day basis. So, one is maybe boring answer, but Google sheet. I like Google Sheets like I having my uh daily logs like having my uh daily reports in a Google sheet, weekly reports. So, I really love Google Sheets. Uh I mentioned atria for um customer review uh mining and for understanding where two people run their ads. So basically you can see to what landing pages people are driving traffic the most. Um obviously motion for creative analysis um and recently I love ad manage as I mentioned like it saves so much time in the in the ad creation process. >> Love that. So there you have it. You have the full playbook for Aaron. how he tests, how he scales, how he comes up with creatives, the offers, his favorite tools. Thanks again, Mar. >> Yeah, no problem. >> Till next time, happy scaling.

  Top Comments:
  1. @marinistvanic [6 likes]: Literally everything you need to scale your ecom ad account
  2. @nich62211 [3 likes]: learned so much from Marin when I was just starting out!
  3. @mattorlic [2 likes]: Amazing value Marin is the GOAT
  4. @EliZlouf-y6t: Marin changed my brand for the better.

- The 8 Essential Ad Types to KILL IT on the New Meta Ads Andromeda Update: Kind: captions Language: en Hello and welcome to the Perpetual Traffic Podcast. This is your host Ralph Burns, the founder and CEO of Tier 11. And today's show is all about Meta Andromeda. If you don't know what that is, well, you're not alone because Meta surreptitiously rolled out an update to their AI algorithm, which is one of the most massive changes. I'm not being hyperbolic here or just trying to use 25 cent words for no apparent reason, but this is the biggest change I've seen in Meta since I've been doing Meta Ads. We were the first Facebook ads agency back when Meta was Facebook way back when in 2012 2013. And I've never seen anything like this. And this is the reason why we're doing a whole series of shows on this because you as an advertiser, you as a director of marketing need to understand that the way that you were doing things prior on Meta no longer works today. And today's show is all about that. And fortunately, we have one of the most innovative, I think the most innovative media buyers, digital marketing strategists on the planet, John Moran on staff here at Tier 11. and he goes through this stuff that his job is basically to innovate. His job at tier 11 is to innovate and find new ways of getting results for our clients and ultimately helping them achieve their vision but doing it through new innovative strategies and AI is evolving so much. In fact, we do an AI discoveries call every two weeks at tier 11 just so people within the organization can show what they've been doing because this stuff is changing so fast, which is frightening for some people. But if you're a marketer, this is one of the most exciting times that I think we've ever had because these algorithms, these platforms are becoming so much smarter and they will allow you as an advertiser or as a marketer to be able to get results with less work. Yes, we have been promising that for years and years, but now is the time where that is actually happening. And I'm going to share my screen here on an article that came out. Well, it was actually it was March of this year. It's called AI innovations in Meta's ad ranking driving advertiser platform. We actually advertiser performance rather. And we actually had a call with our new Meta agency representative this past week and we talked about the Andromeda update and this big change in the algorithm and quite honestly it was sort of news to him which I was surprised by and I think there's a reason for that is because when these platforms and I remember back when I was in an SEO Google would announce changes sort of after the fact algorithm changes. So, they didn't want people to hack the algorithm. And I used to use link wheels and all sort of black hat stuff to get rankings and SEO when I was an affiliate and then obviously doing it for some of our agency, some small budding agency customers way back when. It's almost like Meta released this without telling anybody on purpose because they are leveraging the power of AI. They are leveraging the power of GPUs which or if you don't know what those are the things that are transforming everything in computing it's all about compute and this article here which I encourage you to read what I usually do is I usually take the URL and throw it into this app called Instap and it reads it to me because this is the reason why we're doing so many of these shows here is because of the ad ranking platform and all the performance that we're driving right now is really is allowing the algorithm to do its job. So there's four AI innovations in ads ranking. I just want to get through here very quickly. This meta gem with this is this super brain. It's generated ads recommendations model or gem. They're putting acronyms on everything because they're innovating so fast they have to like spit out all these new names. Basically, it's like having a superbrain that can read an entire library of books in seconds or can read the entire internet in seconds. Understanding the relationships between all the characters, remember every detail and connect that into an understanding of sequence of events. The point is what they're doing is they're reading their entire algorithm in split seconds and then using that learning in order to place your ads in the right way. And then in this article, which I'm showing here, if you don't subscribe to our channel, you definitely should. Over at perpetual.com/youtube, during this initial launch, they did a test where Meta Reels actually increased conversions by up to 5%. There's a very cool sort of algorithmic image here, which sort of shows how this works. You're basically throwing all of your creative into an ad set and allowing Meta to take your product and the content that you give it and show it to a user at whatever stage of the journey in which they're in. And John and I are going to be talking about that in today's show. This is purely an introduction to wrap your head around it because I think a lot of people really have not been able to wrap their heads around this as of yet because it's super complex. I'm explaining sort of more of the why behind it. The point is is this giant library which they also call the metal lattice is a way of being able to sort all of the data that they have on all of us that use this platform every single day and then show the right ad format, the right type of product, the right type of ad, the right type of you name it content in front of the right person at the right time in order to move them along your sort of virtual salesunnel. So what Meta has created is sort of this virtual funnel inside ads manager and John will explain this a bit further. Finally in this article they mentioned Meta Andromeda and this is the thing that we mentioned when we talked to our meta rep this week they didn't know what Meta Andromeda was. It is literally the way in which they deliver this into the algorithm so that it's almost like you have a personal concierge who knows your tastes and knows your customers taste so well that they just don't understand like they like your shoes but they know exactly which types of shoes and which colors of shoes to show them at just the right time. And we're seeing this in today's show. So, so there's those three parts. definitely go over and you can actually see this and see sort of how these Grace GPUs are being used within the context of this system. I'm getting probably, you know, a little bit too scientific for some of the people that are listening to the show here today, myself included, but in essence, it just continuously learns from itself. And all of this is super deep AI compute stuff. But at the end of the day, and if we look over on our content diversification chart here, which John's going to talk about here today, these are the types of ads that these eight ads right here are the ones that you need to now push into an ad set, create ads around your service, your digital product, especially in e-commerce. in the content diversification strategy which is what we're going to be talking about here on today's show is all about John just using two or three of these not even using the full paniply so to speak guess another 25cent word of all of this content diversification and so he got this chart here from an internal conference that has not been released and that's what we're talking about here today on today's show I'll actually show you one of our Tik Tok videos that we did a couple of weeks ago go that this is probably our most viewed content piece because it reveals this content diversification strategy. So John will talk today about the us versus them content diversification ad which is getting great results in addition to UGC which is primarily the type of ad that he's been using in this one particular case study as well as six or seven others which we run here at tier 11 and we're getting tremendous results for it. So definitely check that out. Check out our YouTube channel so you can see exactly what I'm talking about. And I'm not going to use this as a lead magnet. So you download it and give your email and your name and your email address. Point is like this is a new way of doing things here inside Meta. And we're really excited to be talking about it here today with John with yet another case study in which we're now diversifying using this content diversification strategy which allows you to take your user and find the best piece of content to show you the content diversification strategy which allows you to show your product or take your product and find a user at the exact stage in which they are most likely to buy and that's why you're probably listening to this show is to get people the right type of customer to buy your products and services and ultimately scale and grow your business. So without further ado, yes that was a longer introduction but I feel it's really necessary for you to all to understand this because this has been done surreptitiously by Meta, but we're super excited about it here and that's the reason for today's show. So take it away boys. Let's talk Meta [music] Now, a lot of people don't know what the Andromeda update is. By the way, I'm finding this like I'm getting confused looks when I talk about it on discovery calls because I'm basically doing all the sales right now with Amy. She's starting to take over. But the point is like what just the before we get into the stuff today just like from your perception what has happened how has this changed what has been the big change all of that and we call it Andromeda but it's hard to find like if you Google it it's kind of secretive it seems like >> you know what's funny is it's weird Meta did this extremely quietly and I spoke there's a VC firm I'm attached to that's actually It's outside of the VC firm that I'm with now. It was actually from a an old client/partner that has joined a new VC firm. And long story short, we were talking to some of their teams because I'm brought in as a consultant and when I enter into a situation, I try not to be like threatening. Like I do have a good name in the industry and I'm like, "Hey, I'm just here to help." Right. >> And so a lot of times I'll hear from teams that are like an ivory tower agency when they're like I'm like, "Hey, do you guys know like if the accounts switch pushed over to Andromeda?" And they're like, "Hey, what's Andromeda?" So I explain what Andromeda is. Well, John, >> they're [laughter] like, "Right." They're like, "I this even mentioned anywhere in in Meta." Like I I think Meta should have done an announcement on it. And funny enough like if we back in December 2nd 2024 and I'm sharing screen is it I'm on my laptop sorry so this is I'm like yeah it's engineering at meta supercharging advance post automation with next level personalized ads retrieval engine like there's a lot of information about it out there it is hard to find but it is real so a lot of people will look at me like oh here's John trying to trick everybody and act all smart and everything I'm like it's live it's just it wasn't public and I understand why because what they're trying to do is force advertisers to be good educators and and engagers again rather than just running sale ads. So what Andromeda is essentially creative targeting and that is extremely hard to grasp because for the last decade at least we dictated targeting no one else did the media buyers the strategist the person but like pressing the buttons inside of Google and meta and etc. So, Andromeda essentially takes AI and interprets what you're trying to portray in your ad as a value proposition or whatever it may be and it says, "Thank you for this ad. I believe this person should see it." Now, we get to give suggestions. We get to say, "Hey, we believe this ad should go there." And Meta is like, "That's a good idea. Thank you. I'll take that into consideration." and they will go and do whatever they believe is best. >> So [clears throat] the Andromeda update of the ad retrieval engine using AI to find its audiences, long story short, just means it's up to us to produce the best diversified content in order to achieve like the most perfect sales pitch and place that in front of Meta's AI so that it can go find the user for us. They have not published how. They have not published why. They have not published the best standard operating procedures. They do not publish the details because they do not want us reverse engineering. I have a direct line to the meta engineers that are working with Andromeda through a client of mine. And so I've been able to pick the brain of the people that are developing this at a very high degree. And I do that once a week. So where what's funny is we can believe this or not but I am trying to lead by example and that's what we're doing today is we're talking about the creative category test that I'm running and what this is and how this is helping us achieve our target both in platform topline new subscribers etc because there are a lot of deniers naysayers like I've always been the tin foil hat guy and I will forever ever be the tinfoil hack guy because most of the time I'm first I am first to find first to test first to market first to share but it is more like a yeah but that seems hard new and my metar didn't tell me that and that's okay if we sort of have a choose your own path model as us advertisers there's no college for this so I think what we're trying to educate the industry for free you're welcome is how we do this to the best of our ability and what models you can follow so that you can level up your game and the people who choose to deny and kind of ignore this will be left behind period and that started last month. So I think that that's the biggest thing that we have to look at is creative is doing the targeting and it's up to you to produce the creative and technical media buying didn't get harder or easier. it has just drastically changed and it has gotten easier in terms of structure, way harder in terms of optimization. And that's what we're trying to clarify for everyone now. >> Well, there's an interesting article in the Verge that came out a few weeks ago. Well, actually it was back in late May, I believe, and they talked about they did mention in not so many words the Andromeda update, but Zuckerberg's intent for this. And it's not just necessarily to make the job of the media buyer better, it's to get rid of the media buyer. So, that was their interpretation of this. Now, we've been hearing this for years and years now. Finally, like we're at a point where I mean they're getting closer to a certain degree. However, there is a human element in all of this that still is going to require us, but it's going to allow us a lot of these changes are just going to allow the singular media buyer to be that much more effective. And from a time perspective, like as an agency owner, I'm pretty excited about that. I told our director of ops I'm like or our VP of ops I'm like I ain't hiring any more media buyers >> like >> we aren't really like maybe in some specialties we will but we can like double our size and not add any headcount literally at this point in time maybe like another growth strategist maybe another cso that kind of thing so the point is like this is coming and yes we are giving away all this information here for free but it's still foreign to everyone I was a huge PI uh practice yesterday. They're like, "Ralph, what's the biggest thing right now in digital marketing?" I was like, "Andromeda." And they're like, "What? They didn't even know." And they spend 50 million a year on digital. And this is like their head of digital didn't even know. So, it's coming. It's here, but it's also it's working, which is great. And that's why we're doing the show here today. >> Yeah. And it's funny is like there really isn't a lot that you will I guess I guess I would say is a lot of people that I know learn through feeds and if no one is talking about this people don't learn. I find that very odd but it is the way that we just are training even how we're running ads. But even in here like this is even like AI innovation meta ad ranking driving advertiser platform performance. They even show how you give bulk it sorts the giant library of your ads. how it actually is doing ad creative, personalized ad retrieval, locking users into ads set and showing them repetitive ads for ad candidates. I mean, they explain how all this works. It's out there. It's public and it's been there for since March. >> This is not something that is like, ah, John made up a new word just to confuse people. Like, no, it's in in a better in a bad sense. It's not my fault you didn't know. [laughter] >> We told you. I know. Like on Friday, we're like, here's what to do. And they're like, no. It's like, >> "No, I want to do it the old way. I want to like separate out my levels of traffic, like the old ecom ad amplifier, level one through five." No, it doesn't work that way anymore. >> Right. And so, I'm just going to kind of dive right in. If you're if you're >> I'm good. >> Yeah. And I hope that I'm I'm gonna stop sharing because I'm in an Airbnb Wi-Fi. So, my apologies everyone, but this is the data that you're coming to see is not my face, it's the screen. >> Yeah. I might shut [clears throat] off too for some reason. Everything's very janky today on my side. But anyway, the show must go on. >> Exactly. And I hope everyone really just wants to see the data. That's all they want. Then then the good advertisers will be interested in this and the bad advertisers will not see my face to hate. So I'm happy here. [clears throat] So here's a test that we ran the last seven days and the topline results are the same ad spend. Went 70 grand week one and 70 grand week 2. I mean it was 1.21% difference. There is no difference in ad spend. Now we dropped our ENCAC by 25%. So our cost per purchase went from 282 down to 213. >> Oh boy. >> And Yep. And this is this right now is done purely with creative. And what we did and this will be very simple for most users to understand is obviously we're using the Andromeda model of one adset, one campaign for our objective that we're trying to achieve in this target. And we typically, and this is for since December, we have typically only ran UGC ads, that worked very well up to a point where we're only we're kind of stuck at quarter mil a month spend. And we want to level up to at least a half mill spend. So, we have these, we have UGC's. These are people's dogs. Obviously, we're talking about pet health and wellness and immunity and digestive and everything. So, we basically tell the story of all of our dogs. And you can see there's just UGC, UGC, UGC, UGC, UGC. I mean, there are just UGC everywhere. >> Shot with an iPhone. >> What's that? >> Shot with an iPhone. Like, this is not high-end creative, but like >> it's working obviously, right? >> Okay. And again, it's like I don't really care that I'm using an iPhone rather than a DSLR for the picture of of Warrior here. >> So, that's what's nice is Exactly. Warrior, he's cool dog. But we've typically we're running UGC. And what we notice is something like this. Spend down 74%, spend up 777, then down 56%, then spend 38 up, then up 291. I mean, you're seeing bouncing around of UGC. And this makes sense with Andromeda. Why? Because this is all of the same ad type. The same ad type is simply going to cycle through variations of the creative because if UGC can do the targeting, not all UGC will be able to all do the targeting for all users. That is not possible. It is trying to find >> that again. >> Yes. All ads being only UGC will not use all UGC ads to put in ad spend to do all of the targeting for all of the users. And >> UGC ain't going to work on everybody is what you're saying. >> Yeah. And it cannot be the only thing that expands. So it will get you to a point. You can take a founder story and build a healthy $2,000 a day in good sales. Can you make it to 3,000? Maybe. Can you make it to 4,000? Maybe. It's your glass ceiling is set by you, the advertiser, based on how much creative diversification you're willing to place into the engine to find the users who are not resonating with UGC >> and that is the ceiling that we have placed upon oursel with content diversification and that is right even in meta's literature. So that >> sending the link to that article because I think it's a great I haven't even actually seen that yet. Hopefully it'll send >> Oh, yep. I'll be able to send it over to you. I have a few one. >> I got it. I got it. >> Cool. >> And so what this tells us to do is we look at the nine and I'm so sorry. I was trying to get it on my phone, but I it just did not work on my my stupid Wi-Fi, but I tried to get it as soon as I hopped on. But there are nine different types of content diversifications. We've shared it a few times before. It's us versus them, founder story, face to camera, UGC. Then there's nine different categories. We've been using UGC for a year and it's actually been working really well until we found out, hey, that's a great content type, but what about everything else? We're like, well, [laughter] that's a really good point. So, I'm going to I'm working on a model that we will be sharing in the next coming weeks, which is what I believe to be the best model to move into, but I won't share it yet because it's not done. And I like to lead by example. Theories are a dime and dozen. Anybody can come up with an idea. But to prove it with scale and Aspen to $100,000 is where the people that walk the walk or talk the talk can also walk the walk. So I will share that once that's done and scaled. But we are doing it in this account and you're starting to see the initial results of that. And what I'll share with you is the beginning of the model. Now here's what I'm talking about. This is something called Sid delivers more. This is actually a us versus them. This is one of those content diversifications that Meta is asking us secretly to produce because it's only in like closed circles. We exposed what those 10 categories were. Remove the AI ad because that's just an optimization. There's nine main ones and this is one of those. >> Y >> this is our us versus them. Our one bottle will give you more active mushrooms, more white turmeric, more vitamin C, more milk thistle at a cost of $65 where our competitors are going to have you're going to have to buy a turmeric bottle, a milk thistle, a vitamin C, an active mushroom, and individually it will cost you $195. So, what this is trying to show is the us versus them. I wish I can get this bigger. I'm on my little laptop. Anyway, let's see if I can Well, hopefully that gives you a good understanding of what that is. >> I can see it. Yeah, I can see it. That'll be good enough. There we are. That looks a little better. So now you're looking at and say, "Okay, us versus them." And them is the industry. Don't buy from anybody else in the industry. We've already made it easy for you to understand why you should buy from us rather than anyone else in the industry. This is us versus everyone else. >> We place that in the ad and our normal cost per result in this campaign is $213. This is getting a 148. And we can even see the as soon as we add it in, it's starting to scale 163% in its ad spend in the last seven days. We added about 10 days ago. >> So this is going from 309 or $395 to $1,000 a week. The cost obviously was was $79 because it was really good. But as you double and triple things, they start to go up. But it's leveling off at a level that is still like $65 cheaper than everything else in here. And it is increasing my cost required first-time c or it's increasing our new customers by 40% this week. So we see that the us versus them immediately doesn't bounce around spend. It scales. Meta is giving the ad spend to this ad on its own. Why? Because it is a different piece of content in our diversification. We went from UGC. Now we have UGC, us versus them. Okay. So now we have us versus them. Now let's say what if we did a product feature >> which is fascinating by the way just pausing right there just to see the fact that I mean we were all talking about how Meta has invested so heavily into AI and obviously AI is the algorithm it's the really it's the same thing it's machine learning or however you want to do it the point is like they recognize that this is a different piece of creative that can be additive to other individuals who may have already interacted with one of your other UGC ads and so it's allocating more spend towards it and obviously the results are what the results are here which are pretty astounding. So, >> exactly. Now, two weeks before that, we added a different piece of content. It was a product feature ad. >> So, now in our repertoire, we have UGC, we have us versus them, we have product feature, and I wanted to wait two weeks to share this because we've already established that UGC ads will bounce around in spend, which is a media buyers nightmare when things are going up and down 50 and 100%. You're playing whack-a-ole in the old model. >> You're playing. You're playing. Yeah. And I hope it did well this week, everyone. Is your optimization. Let's cross our fingers. That's what we're hoping for. And that is a bad way to scale, >> right? >> So, two weeks ago on the on July 4th, we added this ad. That was a product feature ad. It is our immune defense that works vet strength formula. And we basically didn't take it us versus them. We just said us. >> So, this is us and this is our product. And we have a slideshow of the active ingredients. We have all of the information about this product. This is our first test. What if we just feature one of our products? We added that two weeks ago. And look at the bouncing of ad spend. It has changed 18 bucks. 362 to 35.83. Now, this is not bouncing around between different us versus them. Why? Or sorry, between different product highlights. Why? Because it's the only one that's there. So it has stable spend. Now what's the result of this? >> Well, we went from 133 compared to 282. Now it's down to a hundred bucks and it is about a little bit less than half the cost acquired firsttime customer with stable spends and optimizing the CPA. Actually optimizing the NCAAT because this is firstclick happy imports on NC which is new customers. >> Exactly. And this ad here is now delivering us a fantastic result where >> impression in look at the like 100,000 impressions versus some of the other ones. Anyway, keep going. >> Yeah. And that's good. And so we say, "Okay, excellent. I want immune new customers." So it says we have 45 sales and 35 of them are new customers and those 35 are immune new customers. Fantastic. It's exactly what I want you to do. I can still get the 11 returning customers. That will never stop. Meta will always attempt, try, push, and figure out how to go warm. First Click Cappy imports will shift it back into the right direction, even against its will. We have bonked the AI over the head with a club, and we're dragging it to the area we want it to go. >> And what that is doing is providing us with a reduction of 30% in new customer cost per acquisition for the same exact cost that we have been spending the week before. And we are optimizing this for even a reduction of 23% week overw week. So this is how introducing a high quality content diversification strategy into the Andromeda is allowing us to reach more users at a better cost per acquisition because we've given it more ammunition in its repertoire to go find the users we want that we're not resonating with just a picture of a dog. >> Right. >> Brilliant. And so it's [clears throat] [laughter] >> and you've really only content diversified into like now you're in three total out of the 10 that we know that you intercepted in you know that we have shared here a few times but we know this and you don't out there but anyway we'll be talking about this a little bit more. The point is like the algorithm just it shows it's just so smart. It knows it literally knows more about you than the NSA knows about you. If you are in this particular niche in if you are am I actively looking do I have a dog? do I like where in the middle like it knows like how deep you are on the funnel by sort of creating that for you and by diversifying creative say oh well maybe you know they'll actually do this person John who is thinking about it and has seen one of my other UGC ads maybe what I can get them to convert is this new ad that's clearly different it's an us versus them or maybe it's just a feature benefit one so the algorithm just knows and this is the difference between how We used to do things in the past. We would shut off all the crappy ads. Now, I did notice that you had a few of the ads that had the higher CPA, the higher rank. Some of them were turned off. >> Okay. But the point is like this is a new way of media buying. >> Oh, it's a whole new way. Absolutely. >> It's a whole new thing. >> And we've seen it all the way through. I remember like the only thing that you would do is you would create 30 ad sets under three campaigns, all kinds of different targeting, and then you would only put in like a max maybe four or five ads in each adset. That's all out the window. Completely out the window at this point. >> It is. And what's interesting about this too is when we're looking at what to do, when, where, and how, and why, we're now in an area where it's like, okay, I understand the content diversification. I understand that I need to have some different variations of each category running at the same time. So, we're testing and iterating. But the next thing I was asked typically is, well, how do I know when to shut things off? >> Yeah. >> And how do I know what's working, what's not, and how do I trust the attribution or just what's the next step? Now, you're adding in and I understand, but now, how do I optimize? and how do I shut off? >> We are seeing that because Meta is using a piece of creative for the targeting. If you have two, 10, if you have too many of them, it will actually test and simply start doing that for you. So what we're seeing is that we have two kind of golden rules in now our removal of creative that we have actually been able to pre-plan and prepare for us to not be found in this whoopsy daisy type of scenario over here which is inefficiencies and I'll explain what I mean. Yep. [clears throat] >> If I give 10 pieces of UGC to a adset, I have failed as soon as I start >> because well, wait a second. You put in like 30 in here and scaled up to 250k per month and that's been So, you're doing nothing, right? >> Yes. Until the plateau started to actually work down. >> Okay. >> So, we hit a ceiling and then we started to see this and things started to fall apart. Like we built the plane and it was flying in midair and then all of a sudden like the wing cracked and the windshield flew off and the turbul everybody like I don't know what's going on. >> What's that rattling noise? Like [laughter] that's exactly what starts going on. So what we've figured out is that if we add 10, yes, things will work inefficiently if I just give it enough money. But if we would have known what we knew before, hindsight's obviously 2020. If we were to start off on a different foot where we wouldn't have to put 10 pieces in there where things are just doing this, like, okay, those are working, these are working, now those are working, now these aren't working, and these are working, but why isn't that working? We were chasing our tail, not understanding why. Now there's two golden rules that we have now that are following is if the CPA is too high above where we want it to be and this is very important and Meta is starting to ignore slashred spend on that ad we should shut it off >> and it is becoming clear as day. Yeah. >> The reason why you don't want to do one or the other is because if you have an ad with high ad spend and high CPA, that's okay. That could be your founder story. Not a lot of people are going to be converting on the founder story. But if you have multiple founder stories or multiple UGC's or you pushed into too hard into one category, you start to see something that looks like this. and I'll share screen. >> The lawn guy just showed up. So hopefully audio isn't too horrible. >> Showing your screen. >> Perfect. This you can see that the amount spent on this one ad called Donna started off with $5,000 per day >> and then very rapidly went from 5,000 to 2500 to 1,500 to $824 and then down to $73. Why? Well, the average CPA was 510. The best we got a conversion at was $ 250. The worst we got conversion at was $1,266 for new customer. So, it pushed in ad spend very hard. >> it found out that they are not converting and are way more expensive than the other UGC's in this campaign and decided to ignore it for other other ads. So what is interesting is now we give two three UGC's to Meta. Meta says thank you very much. I will try to see what I can do with this compared to everything else. It is not working very well. I'm going to go ahead and shut that off for you. I'm going to start to ignore it for you. >> What it used to do is just spend continuously. >> Exactly. But now with the creative doing the targeting, it would spend continuously sometimes because we were in an environment. Right. >> And I still see a lot of people in the environment saying, "Well, I'm going to force spend on it." And you absolutely can. But if Meta doesn't want you to, you're going to have bad performance, but they will take your >> And that's the difference between letting AI optimize for who it needs to versus us ignoring it. And your mileage may vary. You may have to start off in an environment just to at least get some data, whatever it may be. This isn't a golden rule to say never. The guidelines are you shouldn't. So the guidelines are if we are working in an environment where AI can leverage the content diversification for the individual funnels at each one of those pieces of categories it needs to go into it will optimize much better. And this is something that I have floating in my brain that I have a very tough time explaining. But it does make sense when I start to kind of share this more in a situation like this. So, for example, let's say we have an us versus them ad. That us versus them is middlefunnel, right? That is like a middlefunnel because it's like you already know about this. >> I'm aware of it. I'm like, uh, not really. And >> yeah, >> I'll check out the competition maybe like it depends on how big my pain is or my dog's pain in that particular example. >> Yeah. And it's like, hey, my dog is getting sick and has valley fever and is susceptible to a lot of issues and has some issues with allergies. I really want to support their immune. Okay, so are you instantly going to go buy a Pet Wellness Direct product? No. You're you know that you want an immune product, but you're still trying to figure out which one is the best. Now, if you have never heard of Pet Wellness Direct and you are looking to find out why you want to choose a certain brand or product versus another brand, you could have gotten there without ever hearing about us. So, you could be looking at pet immune products on Google. You could be posting in Reddit. You could be asking a Facebook community. Whatever it may be, if Meta can identify that your online activity is involved in a immune product for dogs, they may not show you the founder story. They may show you the us versus them first. That's what's important is there are people who are ready to buy an umbrella today. Absolutely. So, your shopping ad will convert a person wanting an umbrella. There also is a person standing out the rain saying, "Man, I really wish I wasn't wet today." >> There's this >> those two people exist, right? It's like raincoat or umbrella. I'm not really sure. Maybe don't they don't know the umbrella exists. So, >> exactly. [laughter] Right. And so, I'm using funny examples to prove a point, but there are people at the top of the funnel that you can market today that have never heard about you. There are people in the middle of the funnel that would buy from you that have never heard from you. There are people at the bottom of the funnel that need a product like yours immediately that have also never heard of you. So each ad that you add as your content diversification opens up an audience that you can target immediately without having to push through the entirety of the funnel. >> Yeah, >> we found our glass ceiling on UGC. What is UGC? Middle and bottom of the funnel. Choose our product because what we can do and now a person's like, well, what the hell? Who are you? I don't even know what the product is. I see that you have a happy puppy, but I don't understand why. So that's where things like our full contact diversification will educate that user. But if we only we can only grow so much by telling everybody as soon as you're at this stage of your buyer's journey, we're the best. We just missed everyone before that buyer's journey stage. >> And what was always interesting whenever you use website conversions as your objective in meta ads and this going back to the Facebook days is like we would always say, "All right, your lookalike audience is maybe two million people in the US, but there's a certain subset of buyers that are converters that are ready to buy like they're in market." And so what would happen is you would this would be so common and this does not happen now is that you would get you would put your ads together like old school the old way but then you would get this super high frequency and you're like oh wait a second [laughter] there's two million people in this why is it like I'm being shown to like the same 100,000 people because those are the people that are only the people that are in market are ready to buy right now. >> Yeah. So our answer to that was well we need more top offunnel creative and then try to force the algorithm and then Facebook would still show those ads to those same 100,000 people doing exclusions and then you're like you shut off the campaign and you start again and then the same thing happens and you're constantly chasing your tail. >> But this it's a whole new world. >> Absolutely. And what's what Meta basically said is we when you say like, "Man, I really wish I had an umbrella." And then Meta's like, "Hey, have you ever seen our umbrella that we have for sale?" And you're like, >> was listening to my phone. Everybody tells me that now. They're listening. I'm like, "Yeah, it's great. I'm a marketer. It's awesome." >> Yeah. And that's what's funny is it's like that's a tinfoil hat thing, but I like to I call it conspiracy theories spoiler alerts. [laughter] >> Exactly. >> Like we know that they know. >> What I always say is I say, "Well, Meta is not listening. They're just buying the data from the company that has the has the speaker on your iPhone and or they're buying it from Apple and they're not telling anybody. So yeah, but they still aren't listening 100%. So the what's interesting about this is the content diversification allows meta to take your product and find a user at any stage of the journey that if you think about if I have a powerful >> right if I if to simplify this my UGC gave me one ninth of my audience >> yeah probably yeah right right exactly >> my one ninth of my audience got me to a quarter mill of spend a month what happens when I add eight more >> you didn't even change your t is Is this open targeting? I forget. Oh, >> I have no targeting, no exclusions. I have nothing. I literally just said, "Thank you for your default settings. I'm going to focus on creative." >> It's awesome. So cool. This is like one of the best ongoing case studies. [laughter] I'm excited. I got that like the hair on the back of my neck and my well on my back. >> That's how this all around. [laughter] >> Anything else before we get to questions? The one thing I wanted to make mention just in the industry and I think that this is everyone and I don't even want everyone to knee-jerk reaction. I want everyone to reflect on this question. We know Google goes warm. Google has become a harder network to prospect. Demand genen we've proven does go warm. Performance max we've proven goes warm. If you don't believe us, please just sign off this YouTube live. Like it's we're not for you. We've proven this for months. But what that means is that we it's our job as advertisers to build an omni channel fullfunnel if you do focus on meta because meta is a better cheaper faster prospecting engine than Google when comparing spend levels of CPMs. It just is period. If we start here and we can replicate our success in demand genen now we have 1 plus 1 equals 3 not which one's better. So yes, I'm taking approach of meta first, but there is also a Google element that is going to follow and we have a case study where we did three different products in a meta campaign. I launched a demand genen with those same three products and what was working so well in meta literally had 10 times the performance in demand genen because of that. >> So there is going to be a trickle down effect as in like the Google guys focusing on meta. This is how to structure your omni channel flow and why everything ties together and efficiency is key not versus is key. So I want to make me mention that yes we're focusing on Meta at the moment right now because this is our largest scale platform we have at our disposal across all platforms and that is what is the tip of the spear that everything and then email back there going woo following this is meta is going to go we have meta to Google to direct to organic to email to return traffic to return customers all of these follow the larger prospecting engine which is meta and if you screw screw this up, your rest of your funnel will be inefficient. >> Yeah, absolutely. And that's like we're just we're really scratching the surface on this, [laughter] >> which is just so much fun because it's like there's so much more scale and runway now with this Andromeda update. And it's easier for a media buyer to manage. >> It just is if it's done the right way, if you have the patience. We've run into that before because time. Some products take 28 days, some take seven days, some take 90 days. So there is that and the algorithm and the campaigns have to understand like who you're going to target like when you first start. So there's a ramp up period especially if you're switching all this over to advantage plus sales automated. There is that. But this is the future of it all. >> Yeah. And I do have to say that in the industry we're in a situation where everyone's ego has been reset. No one is a good meta advertiser anymore. Everything that you were good at is gone. And you have to check your ego at the door and say, "I need to become a student of the engine again." Because that's the only thing I've dedicated my life to is learning. And that's why I typically find things first. So it's almost like, "Hey, what you knew, give it a nice hug, kiss, goodbye, mourn the death, and we need to move on." That's what that's where we are as media buyers. It's not that the death of the media buyer, it's that the death of the media buyer that cannot adapt. It couldn't be. You know, that is the absolute truth. And here's the thing about this too before we get to questions is like you're kind of known as the guy who like hacks the algorithm. Like you're not doing that here. You're not coming up with some crazy tinfoil hat scheme. You're actually doing what Meta wants you to do. And like all the old way of doing things, like watch a video of me explaining ecom ad amplifier from like five years ago. That is so outdated. >> [laughter] >> And it made us millions and millions of dollars. Granted, however, throw it out. Doesn't work anymore. >> Don't fall in love with the way you make the money. Exactly. >> Absolutely. And ego is Well, ego is the biggest obstacle at this point. >> Yeah. It's like I'm We're talking to the guy that is right now. I was the one that basically says, "Hey, here's the nine content diversification strategies." Two weeks ago, I had nothing but UGC. We are building that. like we're building other content, but I was the ignorant person two weeks ago because I didn't know. I had to figure this out for myself. And so I wasn't just like forcing an old model. I had to learn to adapt. And I think we have to look at this as in are we're not hacking the algorithm and we are actually leveraging the algorithm. We're finding ways to pull the biggest lever for the biggest result. That's our job now. >> All right. Super appreciate you listening here on today's show. We'll continue to rebroadcast those sessions that I do privately with John as well as you can also listen to those or watch those live on the ad lab every Friday. It's sort of a supplemental piece of content that we put out every single week that's live. You can ask questions and that's over on all the tier 11 socials and LinkedIn, YouTube at tier 11 and you can get that at tier1.com/youtube and sign up for that. Make sure you don't miss a single episode of that. that's supplemental to what we do here in Perpetual Traffic. But alongside everything we do here, it really does give you a very deep dive into what's going on, the inner workings of how we're doing things and how we're innovating with AI, specifically with meta right now because it is so exciting. So anyway, wherever you listen to podcasts, make sure that you do leave us a rating and review. It allows us to get out to a larger audience here, do things the right way, teach you these new strategies. Do not live in the past, ladies and gentlemen. live in today and with an eye towards the future. Keep it tuned right here in perpetual traffic every single week and we'll try and do that for you. So on behalf of my amazing co-host Lauren Heulo who could not make it here today until next show. See you. [music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @jimmy.s0251 [4 likes]: Normally i’m too lazy to comment on videos but man, this 48 minute video is the best explanation of andromeda update. period. 
the game is different now, you play it or you die.
  2. @Lingohr [3 likes]: I'm not one to comment on YT, but these videos are incredible. I'm glad a technical podcast like this exists in a world full of clickbait surface-level ecom BS - keep it up!
  3. @escapevelocityvideos [2 likes]: New to the ad game, but even at the new $102 per customer acquisition seems high for selling supplement that probably costs $20 - $30.   How are they making money with ads?  Is it customer lifetime value that offsets the cost of acquisition?  Thank you
  4. @TribesMovement [2 likes]: 28:29 Those results are BONKERS🤯 I don't think people understand these incredible KPIs
  5. @therdrak [1 likes]: But what are the 8 ad types to use?
  6. @zeeshanzeeshan1149: Hi. thanks for amazing video. very informative. i have one question. if lets say i have an adset with post ids inside it, will meta spend on new creatives if i throw them inside the same adset? i have noticed that no matter how much creatives i give it, it will only spend on post ids. in another campaign for a different product, there are no post ids. few ads were performing good. i gave it more ads and it started spending on one of the new ads instantly. now i have only one ad account but you guys have lots of them. whats your take on this? am i right or is it just in my head?
  7. @Shootingtargets7: Outstanding content!  but... It seems Meta is already shutting off spend to this underperforming ad, why bother actually pausing it? What if the other ads that are similar to DONNA | DOG fatigue, might Andromeda give it another opportunity? Not if you've shut it off... Thoughts? https://youtu.be/ln1wCHQ8q2M?t=2103
  8. @sofiapaulo4252: Hello very good vídeo. Only have one doubt. When you make a new meta ad so now is no needed choose public. In the main campain we take out the public that was in our defenitions and use the advantage plus of meta and let her decide? Or we maintain some public defenition?
  9. @davidmclean100: So I'm really interested here that even with all your knowledge and skill and your use of the new system - you're still having to pay more than $100 for a purchase - or am i missing something here? I checked the website these ads are going to and see you have products for around $60 - so i'm really surprised that you're having to pay so much to get a purchase conversion? I've tested a very basic campaign using the old method of running Meta Ads and got some purchase conversions for about £45 per conversion - so i don't get this - what am i missing? I thought you would be getting conversions for much cheaper?
  10. @ganesh-td6jr: so how to use ADSETS and different campaigns
  11. @liamstopstinnitus4617: May I ask a question? 

Thanks SO much for explaining the top/middle/end of funnel meta update explanation. That’s really invaluable. 

With a standard info product sales funnel (opt in, sales video, sales page). 

Would you also change the link to go to pages further down the funnel to reflect top/middle/end of funnel ads? 

I suppose the answer probably is yes 😂🤷 I am just new to the update! 

Either way, thanks to both of you. 

You rock ❤
  12. @liamstopstinnitus4617: Thanks for sharing all this stuff, guys. 

You’re awesome ❤
  13. @trackingconsulting: This is great. Most marketers test creatives but forget how ad types shape results. The Andromeda update makes the right ad type choice even more critical. Thanks for breaking it down so clearly. This is a roadmap for scaling Meta Ads.
  14. @mouadhboujadadda3433: thank you for this great content !
  15. @KM-fy4di: how to reduce the CPM cost ? any tips ?
  16. @sfl1986: Are you pairing this creative diversification with cost cap or bid cap ?
  17. @PlantsinaBox: So interesting so what about frequency are you saying with more diverse creatives the frequency won’t rise too much?
  18. @TribesMovement: 32:22 Yes. And thats the same thing that will happen in decentralized finance. Scary stuff...
  19. @tommyd17: Over the last two years, we've developed five ads that cover the funnel and are diversified.  Each ad is in its own ad set.  Is there any reason Andromeda can't function correctly this way?  The ad sets all have the same broad audience. 
If this is stilll ok, can we add new ads in a new ad set?  Should we just create one ad set for all new ads?
  20. @ahmrza: how to set Ncac metric in meta ads dashboard?

- Ad Hooks vs Angles (why it matters for Meta's Andromeda update in 2026): Kind: captions Language: en Is this an angle or is it a hook? What about this? Are you not sure? You are not alone. For most marketers, the lines between these two terms are seriously blurred and it's one of the most confusing concepts. But in this video, I'm going to break it down for you so that you finally understand the difference. And I'm going to tell you why knowing the difference is pretty critical for scaling on Meta in 2026. Hey, I'm Tiana. I'm a creative strategist with roots in traditional copywriting and I help DTC brands find more winning ads on Meta, more often with copy first creatives that convert. Before we dive into this topic, why the hell does it even matter if you call it a hook or an angle or just an ad idea for that matter? Well, if you are consistently producing winning ads, if your win rate is well over 30% and your account is scaling, then yeah, this just does come down to semantics. However, if you are like most brands that I start working with, Andromeda probably took it for a little spin and you're probably struggling with a pretty low win rate because suddenly that old approach of throwing spaghetti at the wall and kind of hoping an angle sticks doesn't really work anymore. So, you need a reliable and repeatable system for producing messaging first ads so that every ad that you produce is really strategically targeting specific customers with a very sniper-like approach. So, what does that mean? Well, it means that understanding how to apply these copywriting principles to your ad creatives is actually really critical to scaling in 2026, which is why I decided to make this video for you because this is a tiny piece of the puzzle that could actually unstick your ad account. Okay, so let's get into it. To define what an angle is, I'm going to back it up to traditional advertising principles and consult the fathers of advertising. According to Eugene Schwarz, the author of Breakthrough Advertising, an angle is this, the way you channel existing desire toward your product. So, in other words, the angle is the strategic approach behind the ad. It's kind of your big plan that you believe will persuade your audience to buy. The hook, on the other hand, you defined like this. A hook is the headline's job to seize attention for the idea that you are selling as in the actual words that you choose to introduce that angle to hook your audience grab their attention so that they watch long enough to absorb that angle at all. Now although Schwarz was not around to see meta ads he would agree that the headline in the case of video ads is that first three seconds because that is the amount of time that you have to hook your audience. Now here's another way to frame this. Okay, let me give you a analogy. Say there's a dude in a bar and he sees a cute girl across the room and the objective is to go and get her number. So this dude needs a strategy. He needs a plan for how he's going to persuade her to do that. So for example, he could walk over and compliment her on how beautiful she looks because he thinks, "Hey, that's a good strategy, right? I'll flatter her. I'll make her feel happy and good so that she wants to see me again." Okay, great. It's not a bad plan, but it is just a plan. It's just a strategy. It's just an approach. There's still a very important decision he needs to make. What's he actually going to say when he walks over there? When he's standing in front of her, how is he going to introduce that bigger idea to her in a way that's not going to scare her off, but make her want to sit around for a few minutes and hear him out? Well, he could say, "Hey, you're beautiful." Or he could say, "I saw you from over there, and I had to come over and just tell you you're beautiful." Or he could say, "Excuse me, can I tell you something?" Right? That plan to win her over by telling her that she's beautiful. That's his angle. But those words that he actually chooses to say when he walks over to her, that is the hook. And that will make or break it because it will determine whether she sits and listens to what he has to say or if she simply walks away before even has a chance to ask her for her number. So, just like this dude, when you're coming up with your ad concepts, the angle that you choose is the strategic approach that you plan to use to win your audience over to persuade them to ultimately take the action that you want them to. In your case, click. And then the hook is literally just your opening line. So, what's really important to understand here is that these two elements have to work together to get your audience to ultimately take action. So when it comes to your creative strategy, this is super super key because for every one angle you come up with, there are endless number of hooks that you can use to express or introduce that angle. So your next question is, how do I know if I have a good angle in the first place? Right? So let's unpack that a little bit further. The angle needs to define three things. One, which desire the ad will activate. two, which painoint or benefit the ad will amplify, and three, which motivation you will attach your product to. So, for example, let's say that you're selling a stain remover. And after doing some thorough research, you narrow in on one very particular persona, the pet owner who's dealing with so many old pet stains on the carpet that they think that their carpet is ruined and they have to completely replace it. So you as a very smart marketer, you decide to write an ad that speaks directly to that persona. So you define this angle. Instead of replacing your carpet, get rid of old pet stains with one spray of this. So does that angle meet our criteria. Does it define one, which desire the ad will activate? Yeah. To renew the carpet in a few minutes for just a few dollars, right? Two, which pain point or benefit the ad will amplify. Yeah, both actually. The pain point is the ugly pet stains on the carpet. The benefit is a carpet that looks brand new. Three, which motivation you'll attach your product to. Yes, the simplicity of it. You will save time, energy, and money. Don't replace your entire carpet. Instead, just spray this on the pet stains. Instead, your carpet's going to look good as new. Great. Okay, so we have our first angle. Instead of pet stains with one spray. Now, we have a lot of options for our hook, that opening line that we use to introduce that angle. So, for example, you could use a POV style hook. POV, you just save $1,000 on your carpet because you got this spray to get rid of pet stains in minutes. Or maybe it's a demonstration style hook. Watch me restore a 30-year-old carpet with two sprays of this pet stain remover. Or maybe it's a simple problem solution hook. Pet stains making your carpet look old. Do not replace it. Use this $12 spray. These are all valid options because although they hook the viewer in different ways, they're all living within the parameters of our angle. That's why your angle is important because it's defining the message that you want to communicate to your prospect so that your hooks have a very clear objective. Let's do a few more examples together so that you know exactly what I mean here. Let's take our same product, okay, stain remover, and our same persona, that pet owner struggling with pet stains, but let's use a slightly different approach to persuade them to buy our stain remover. Angle number one was instead of pet stains with one spray. And we wrote those three hooks. Okay, so let's come up with a totally new angle. Angle number two, this spray gets rid of 15year-old pet stains in 15 seconds. Three possible hooks there. 15 seconds, 15 years of pet pee gone. Watch this 15-year-old pet stain disappear in 15 seconds. I have been staring at this pea spot for 15 years, and today I'm going to try the viral stain remover to get rid of it. Right, let's come up with one more angle. Angle number three. This spray is the number one best solution for removing stubborn pet stains. Let's write three hooks that go with that angle. One, I tested three cleaning hacks on this pet stain. Only one worked. Two, baking soda trick versus this new pet stain remover. Which one works better? Three, I have been trying to get rid of this pet stain for 3 years. I finally found a solution that works. So hopefully you're starting to understand how laser focused and truly diverse your ads can become when you break them down in this way and you craft your ads systematically like that by getting super clear on the persona you're talking to and how you're going to approach them with an angle, what you're going to say to them with the hook. That is when you're going to begin to see those higher win rates, especially with the Andromeda updates. It's the total opposite approach to what I see most advertisers doing, which is throwing a high volume of spaghetti at the wall and kind of hoping that it sticks. And this is just one tiny little aspect of a full copy first creative strategy workflow, which is a system that you and your team can use week after week to walk through this process step by step from data to developing those personas to defining the angles to writing killer hooks and ultimately producing diverse winning ads that actually scale. This is the copy first system that I have developed to help seven, eight, and nine figure DTC brands crack that meta code. So, if that interests you, click the link uh below this video to book a call with me. We'll hop on, we'll chat, and we'll find out if I can help your team implement that strategy and workflow as well. And if you found this video useful and you want more free training like this one, please let me know by hitting subscribe and dropping a comment below and just tell me what topics do you want me to cover in our future videos. Until then, I will see you in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @chisomdebra5128 [2 likes]: Content was so good it forced my hands to the subscribe button. 😂
Thank you Tiana for this, I appreciate it especially as a Direct response copywriter transitioning into creative strategy.
  2. @raznas1335 [1 likes]: Man, this video is so good for beginners. I've watched so many videos, this really clarifies those terminologies. Thank you. Subbed
  3. @theJazir [1 likes]: Hey Tiana Asperjan, I came across your page — your content feels very real, not over-produced. I liked that 🙂 I know your inbox is full of editor DMs 😂 This isn’t a “please give me work” message. I focus on improving retention (stronger hook + cleaner pacing), and in a few of your videos I felt this is the only area holding back reach. If you’re open to it, I can re-edit one of your existing videos for free so you can see the difference, no guesswork. If it helps, great. If not, totally fine
  4. @TianaAsperjan: 👉Work with me: https://wfxv62xc1gl.typeform.com/to/pxDOa4yl
  5. @nikolanewsletter: Great video!!! Thanks for your time
  6. @hamzaelhoubi-p9l: hello tiana i have a question , I noticed that you chose two angles:  angle 1 : ease and Angle 2 : speed.
 What makes us choose certain angles over others?
  7. @raznas1335: What's the different between angle, messaging? I assume is the same thing.
  8. @klickbeastppc: How does the angle relate to the core message described in your other videos? I'm getting lost in the variables here.
  9. @Lesterthebeet: So the angle is basically the benefit you are highlighting?
  10. @mikesolismarketing: you were the only person i saw on social media talking about this specific thing! than you so much, was so helpful
  11. @evanpoulnais7020: Hello, thank you again for this video, which is so valuable. I just wanted to ask if you could make your videos available in different languages, because I'm from France and it's much easier to follow and watch them in their entirety in my own language. Have a nice day, thank you.
  12. @KurtYaz-biz: Really nice vid Tiana! Just subbed
  13. @cristian.daczo1: Hey Tiana, can you please correct my defintion of the angle (i'm confused): For example: Coffee doesn’t give focus — it creates unstable stimulation.
This is your Core Message that you are trying to portray to your customer through your ad. (what you want the customer avatar to believe)
The Angle is the strategic approach you present this message in your ad, it can be presented as this information was found by a research in China lets say and therefore this is called a Discovery angle, OR you may communicate this message through explaining the mechanism of how coffee is bad for you as it spikes the cortisol and then you get the afternoon crash and then how to fix it with our product and therefore this is a Mechanism Reveal angle.  I think I am a bit off here so can you please redirect me?
  14. @Shashwat_real: I won’t sugarcoat it, Tiana, this is gonna be a pitch. Currently, your thumbnails aren’t fully leveraging their potential yet. I do thumbnail strategy and design, and my website link is in my bio. I'd love to help you upgrade your video's packaging.
  15. @Maverick-3D: So happy to find ur channel
  16. @mohammad1418-n8j: Oh Boy, How are you even providing this info for free.
  17. @AdishJain-f4p: can you aslo create one on creative concepts, and what's the difference between concepts, angles, and format.
  18. @vladislavkabanov6932: This is sauce. +1 sub for sure 👍
  19. @lavrosvd: Hello Tiana, this content is gold!
  20. @PatrickUnrath: thanks! I would say an angle is the why behind the buy 😀 thats why for me your angles examples are the same: getting rid of pet stains (thats the motivation, thats one angle). maybe another angle is that this spray is 100% natural (thats a different motivation, a different why)

or am I wrong here?

- Havoc Strike and Invulnerability Frames: Kind: captions Language: en H I said to a n friend that he was like tan Superman CU he F and painfully explain to me that super is inv blah blah blah blah blah after careful I changed it back to Iron Man and that was grudgingly accepted helping H he just trying to educate me careful the one thing that gets you kind of embarrassing enemy is down to one one more fine work team

- What If Andromeda Ascendant Entered Stargate?: Kind: captions Language: en The Stargate iris shut with its distinctive metallic clang, the blue shimmer of the event horizon collapsing into nothingness as SG one stepped down the ramp. Colonel Jack O'Neal pulled off his cap and ran a hand through his graying hair, exhausted from 3 days negotiating with the talk. Behind him, Major Samantha Carter carried a data crystal containing intelligence on residual gold forces. Daniel Jackson was already lost in thought about some archaeological reference that Takare had mentioned and TLC moved with his characteristic measured dignity staff weapon held loosely at his side. Welcome back SG1 General Jack Hammond's replacement now General Hank Landry greeted them from the control room above. How'd it go? Talk are their usual cheerful selves? O'Neal replied with characteristic sarcasm. Lots of intel, lots of warnings about Bile's latest schemes. Not a lot of the alarm cut him off. Red lights bathed the gate room as claxons blared throughout Cheyenne Mountain. Every instinct O'Neal had developed over 8 years of commanding SG1 kicked into overdrive. Unscheduled off-world activation. Sergeant Haramman announced from the control room, but his voice carried an edge of confusion. Wait, negative. No activation. NORAD is reporting an unidentified contact in high Earth orbit. Massive signature, sir. Prometheus is scrambling. O'Neal's jaw tightened. The Prometheus, Earth's first genuine capital ship built with reverse engineered gold and Asgard technology, was their primary orbital defense. If it was scrambling, something big had just appeared in their backyard. How massive. Landry demanded, already moving toward the briefing room. Estimating 1.3 km in length. Sir, came the response. Haramman's fingers flew across his console. Configuration unknown. Not matching any gold or known ship design in our databases. Carter was already at the nearest computer terminal pulling up telemetry data. Her eyes widened. Sir, the energy signature is unlike anything we've encountered. It's not necabased. The power generation reads similar to a 0 point module, but the dimensional frequencies are wrong. Like it doesn't quite belong in our spacetime. Doesn't belong. O'Neal moved beside her, studying the tactical display. The ship silhouette resolved on screen. Sleek, elegant, almost organic in its curves with what appeared to be massive engine pods extending from a central hole. Nothing like the angular predatory lines of a hot attack or the brutalist architecture of an AI warship. That's a new one. Colonel Carter, can you get better sensor data? Landry asked. Already working on it, sir. Prometheus is conducting active scans now. She paused, reading the incoming data stream. Sir, the ship is hailing us. Audio and visual. They're using multiple first contact protocols across various frequencies, including some we've never encountered. Whoever they are, they're trying very hard to communicate peacefully. TLC stepped forward, his dark eyes studying the unknown vessel's configuration. The design suggests neither gold nor any species we have encountered through the Stargate network. "This vessel's origin may lie beyond our current exploration range, or beyond our universe entirely," Daniel added quietly, adjusting his glasses as he examined the data Carter had pulled up. "Sam, those dimensional frequency readings. Could this be some kind of alternate reality incursion? We've dealt with quantum mirrors before. possible. Carter admitted, "The spatial distortion signatures are consistent with dimensional transit, but on a scale I've never seen. If they came through from another reality, the energy expenditure would be enormous." O'Neal made the decision quickly. 8 years of first contact scenarios, some peaceful, most not, had taught him to trust his instincts. The ship had the firepower to glass Earth's surface from orbit if it wanted to. Instead, it was trying to talk. Put them through. Let's see who just dropped into our neighborhood. The main screen flickered and suddenly SG1 was looking at a man in what appeared to be a military uniform. Though not any military O'Neal recognized, the uniform was elegant, combining practical tactical elements with ceremonial touches that spoke of a long marshall tradition. The man himself appeared to be in his 40s with dark hair and sharp intelligent eyes that carried the weight of command. Behind him, the bridge of his ship was visible, a sweeping, sophisticated space with holographic displays and a design aesthetic that made even Earth's most advanced facilities look primitive. This is Captain Dylan Hunt of the Andromeda Ascendant, representing the systems Commonwealth High Guard. The man's voice was professional, measured, diplomatic. We mean no harm to your world. We've experienced a catastrophic slipstream failure and have been displaced from our home universe. We're requesting emergency assistance and diplomatic contact with your planetary government. The words hung in the air for a moment. O'Neal glanced at Landry then back at the screen. Commonwealth high guard slipstream failure. And the guy was straightforward about being from another universe. That was either refreshing honesty or a really elaborate con. Captain Hunt O'Neal stepped forward. I'm Colonel Jack O'Neal, United States Air Force, assigned to Stargate Command. You just appeared in orbit above a planet that's had a really bad couple of centuries dealing with hostile aliens, false gods, and interdimensional invasions. So, before we roll out the welcome wagon, I'm going to need more information about your ship, your Commonwealth, and how exactly you ended up in our universe. Hunt's expression remained steady, but O'Neal caught the slight tightness around his eyes, the look of a commander dealing with an impossible situation while maintaining professional composure. Understood, Colonel. We're willing to provide full transparency. My chief engineer believes our slipstream drive intersected with what appears to be an artificial wormhole of tremendous sophistication. The collision tore us from our dimensional framework and deposited us here. Our ability to return home is currently uncertain. Artificial wormhole. Carter leaned forward, her scientific curiosity fully engaged now. Captain, we may have some insight into what happened. The technology you're describing sounds like it interacted with Earth's Stargate, a device built millions of years ago by an advanced race called the Ancients. It creates stable wormholes for instantaneous travel across the galaxy. For the first time, Hunts composure cracked slightly. A flash of hope crossed his features. An ancient race with wormhole technology. That's That could be exactly what we need. Colonel O'Neal, we have 300 years of high guard tactical doctrine, diplomatic protocols, and a genuine desire to avoid any conflict with your people. We're explorers and peacekeepers, not conquerors. If you can help us understand this wormhole technology, we'll share everything we know in return. TLC inclined his head slightly. Your words carry the weight of sincerity, Captain Hunt. However, words alone cannot establish trust. The Tori have learned through bitter experience that appearances can deceive. Try Hunt's brow furrowed slightly. It's what the galaxy calls us, Daniel explained. Humans from Earth. It's a long story involving parasitic alien snakes pretending to be Egyptian gods and enslaving humanity across thousands of worlds for millennia. Like the Colonel said, bad couple of centuries. Hunt's expression darkened. Parasitic aliens enslaving humans. That's He stopped himself, visibly processing. Our universe had its share of tyrants, but nothing quite like that. Captain, we fought for three centuries to hold a commonwealth of civilizations together against chaos and warlords. We failed. I've spent the last 5 years trying to rebuild what was lost. The last thing I want is to bring more chaos to a world that's already suffered. O'Neal studied the man on the screen for a long moment. There was something in Huntsbearing, a fundamental decency mixed with the weariness of command that reminded him of himself on bad days. The guy wasn't lying. At least O'Neal's instinct said he wasn't. General Landry O'Neal turned to his commanding officer. I recommend we bring Captain Hunt and a small delegation down for face-to-face talks. We can keep the Prometheus between their ship and Earth just in case, but I think we need to hear their full story. Landry nodded slowly. Agreed. Captain Hunt. We're prepared to offer you temporary sanctuary and assistance in understanding what happened to your ship. However, you should know that Earth is currently facing threats from multiple hostile forces. Your arrival couldn't have come at a more complicated time. General complications are something my crew has considerable experience navigating. Hunt replied with a slight rice smile. We accept your offer. I'll bring my senior staff, my first officer, chief engineer, and our ship's avatar. Avatar? Carter asked. The Andromeda ascendant is a sensient warship. Hunt explained. Her AI can manifest through an android body. She'll want to meet you in person. O'Neal and Carter exchanged glances. A sensient warship from another universe with a crew stranded in a galaxy where the AI were starting a religious crusade and Bile was plotting his next move. "This is going to be an interesting week," O'Neal muttered. If you want to see more characters enter different universes, hit that subscribe button and drop the name of a character and the universe you'd want to see them in down in the comments below. Indeed, within the hour, the Andromeda's delegation would step through Earth's Stargate, the first beings from another universe to use ancient technology for transit. what they would learn about this galaxy's brutal history and what Earth would learn about the fallen Commonwealth would forge an alliance neither side expected. But first, they had to establish trust. And in a galaxy where false gods had ruled for millennia, trust was the rarest commodity of all. The gate room had never felt quite so crowded with possibility. O'Neal stood at the base of the ramp. P90 held casually but ready with SG1 array around him in a semi-defensive posture that probably looked more welcoming than it felt. Landry observed from the control room above, flanked by a full security detail. The iris was open, the wormhole established to coordinates the Andromeda had provided for a transport location in high orbit. Still can't believe we're letting an unknown alien ship use our Stargate as a taxi service," O'Neal commented to Carter. "Actually, sir, the energy readings are fascinating," Carter replied, eyes on her tablet. Captain Hunt's people transmitted detailed specifications for their transport platform. It interfaces with the Stargates matter stream perfectly. Almost like their technology was designed with wormhole physics in mind. Or like the ancients wormhole physics are universal enough that any sufficiently advanced civilization stumbles onto similar principles. Daniel added he was practically vibrating with anthropological excitement. A completely separate human civilization that evolved independently in another universe. The cultural implications alone are going to have to wait until we make sure they're not secretly evil. O'Neal interrupted. TLC, you getting any hinky feelings about this. TLC raised an eyebrow. I do not believe Captain Hunt's intentions are hinky O'Neal. However, wisdom demands caution. We know nothing of their weapons capabilities or their true purpose in seeking ancient technology. The Stargates event horizon rippled and the first figure emerged. She was striking, a woman in a form-fitting uniform that somehow managed to be both practical and elegant, with dark hair and features that were almost too perfect, too symmetrical. She moved with fluid precision down the ramp, her eyes taking in the gate room with the comprehensive scan of a tactical computer. Because that's exactly what she was. I am Andromeda Ascendant, she announced, her voice carrying a melodic quality that was distinctly artificial yet warmly alive. Avatar of the ship you've been communicating with. You may call me Rammy. Her lips curved into something approximating a smile. It's a pleasure to meet you in person, Colonel O'Neal, Major Carter. I've analyzed your communications protocols extensively over the past hour. Your banter patterns suggest a highly functional command structure masked by deliberate informality. O'Neal blinked. Did the sensient warship just analyze my banter? Thoroughly. Rammy confirmed without irony. The next figure through was Captain Dylan Hunt himself, and O'Neal had to admit the man had presence. Hunt moved like someone who'd commanded for a very long time with the kind of relaxed confidence that came from absolute certainty in his abilities. His uniform looked even more impressive in person. Deep colors with subtle insignia that spoke of rank and history. Behind Hunt came a tall, muscular man with distinctly predatory bearing and bone blades protruding from his forearms. His eyes swept the gate room like a hunting cat evaluating prey, and his entire posture screamed danger. The fourth member was younger, nervous, carrying what appeared to be highly advanced tools, probably the engineer. General Landry, Colonel O'Neal. Hunt extended his hand in the universal human gesture of greeting. O'Neal took it, noting the firm grip and steady eye contact. Thank you for agreeing to meet with us. This is my first officer, Tiran Asazi. The dangerousl looking man nodded curtly and my chief engineer, Sheamus Harper. Dude, you guys have an actual Stargate. Harper blurted out, his eyes wide with undisguised wonder. I mean, I've read theoretical papers on stable artificial wormholes, but this thing is beautiful. How old did you say it was? Millions of years, and it still works perfectly. The engineering tolerances alone must be Harper, Hunt said mildly, and the young engineer immediately quieted, though his eyes never stopped cataloging every detail of the gate room. Welcome to Earth, Landry said from the control room, his voice amplified through speakers. Or more specifically, to Stargate Command, the most classified military installation on this planet. Captain Hunt, your presence here represents a first in our experience. genuine visitors from an alternate universe. "Before we proceed, I need your word that everything you see and hear in this facility will be treated with absolute confidentiality." "You have it," Hunt replied without hesitation. "The High Guard operates under strict protocols regarding classified intelligence. We understand operational security." Tears lips curved slightly. Though I notice you have us surrounded by enough firepower to reduce us to constituent atoms should we prove untrustworthy. A reasonable precaution. I approve. Tier is Nian. Hunt explained catching O'Neal's evaluating glance. His people value strength and directness. He's also my most tactically minded officer. Nitian. Daniel stepped forward his curiosity overriding caution. as in Friedrich Nichze. Your people named themselves after a 19th century Earth philosopher. Our people were genetically engineered from baseline humans to be superior in strength, reflexes, and lifespan," Tier said flatly. Nze's philosophy of the upch resonated with our founders. "We make no apologies for what we are." The temperature in the room dropped several degrees. O'Neal saw several SF guards tense, fingers moving closer to triggers. Genetically engineered super soldiers declaring themselves superior to baseline humans wasn't exactly a comforting introduction. Stand down, O'Neal ordered quietly. He looked at Tier directly. In this galaxy, we've dealt with plenty of species who thought they were superior. The gold, for instance, parasitic snakes who literally enslaved humanity for thousands of years while calling themselves gods. So, you'll forgive us if we're a little touchy about superiority complexes. Tier met his gaze without flinching. The gold sound like they deserved extermination. My people value strength, but we respect those who prove themselves worthy opponents. Captain Hunt commands the Andromeda not because of his genetics, but because of his tactical brilliance and leadership. Nitians follow strength wherever we find it. It's complicated, Hunt interjected, his tone suggesting this was a conversation he'd had many times. The Commonwealth I served, the one that fell three centuries ago, was a union of multiple species and human variants. We didn't always agree, but we maintained peace across three galaxies for thousands of years. Then it collapsed into civil war, and I spent 300 years in a time dilation field near a black holes event horizon, while everything I fought for tore itself apart. The silence that followed was profound. Carter spoke first, her voice soft with sympathy. 300 years. You were frozen in time while your entire civilization fell. Not frozen, aware, but unable to act. Hunt corrected. When my ship finally escaped, we found ourselves in a galaxy of warlords, pirates, and petty dictators. I've spent the last 5 years trying to restore the Commonwealth, trying to convince worlds to unite again instead of tearing each other apart. His expression hardened. So when I tell you we mean no harm to Earth, understand that I've dedicated my existence to preventing exactly the kind of tyranny you've described. TLC inclined his head with something approaching respect. You carry the burden of a world that no longer exists. I understand this weight, Captain Hunt. I too betrayed my own people's oppressors to fight for freedom, knowing I could never return to the life I once knew. The Jaffa rebellion, Rammy supplied. I've been accessing your public databases. TLC, your tactical records against the gold are impressive. 137 years of service as first prime to Apice before defecting to the Tri. Your people now have their own free nation. She tilted her head processing. You understand what Captain Hunt is trying to accomplish. Indeed, TLC said simply. Okay, so we've established that everyone here has a tragic backstory in complicated politics, O'Neal said, deliberately breaking the somber mood. How about we move this to the briefing room where there's coffee, and you can tell us exactly what happened to your Because from where I'm standing, you've got a 1.3 km warship in orbit that can't go home, and we've got a galaxy full of problems that might notice you're here. Coffee would be excellent. Hunt agreed. And you're right, Colonel. We need to establish exactly what happened and what our options are. Harper. The engineer stepped forward eagerly. Right. So, slipstream physics. It's how we do FTL travel in our universe. You punch through into an alternate dimensional space where distances are compressed. Ride the slipstream route, then pop back out at your destination. It's not perfect. Routes are constantly shifting. Organic pilots are necessary because AI can't adapt fast enough. But it works until it doesn't, which is what happened to you, Carter said. Her scientific interest fully engaged now. We were pursuing Nietian raiders through a slipstream route when everything went sideways, Harper explained, his hands moving animatedly. The route started collapsing. Not unusual. Happens sometimes. But then we hit something else. Some kind of massive dimensional distortion. Our sensors went crazy. The slipstream drive couldn't compensate. And suddenly we were being pulled through layers of reality like tissue paper. When we finally stabilized, we were here in orbit around your planet. And the slipstream drive was registering nothing. Like the dimensional framework for slipstream doesn't exist in this universe. because it probably doesn't," Carter said slowly, her mind clearly racing. "Our universe's fundamental physics might not support your slipstream travel." The ancients used a completely different approach. Stable wormholes through normal space rather than dimensional shortcuts. "Can you fix it?" Daniel asked. "Get them home." Harper's expression fell. Not without understanding what's different about your universe's dimensional structure. I'm good. Hell, I'm brilliant. But this is way beyond anything I've encountered. The Andromeda's slipstream drive isn't broken. It's just incompatible with reality here, which means we're stranded, Hunt said quietly. Unless we can find an alternative method of returning to our home universe. That's why understanding your ancient wormhole technology is so critical. If they could create stable connections across space, perhaps their technology could create connections across dimensional barriers. The ancients were pretty advanced, O'Neal admitted. They built the Stargates millions of years ago, ascended to a higher plane of existence, and generally operated on a level that makes most of what we do look like playing with Tinker Toys. But dimensional travel, that's not something we've seen them do routinely. However, Landry interjected from above. We have encountered dimensional anomalies before. Alternate realities, quantum mirrors, timeline divergences. The technology exists in some form. The question is whether we can adapt it to your needs and whether we should, tier added bluntly. Captain Hunt pursues his idealistic restoration of the Commonwealth. But consider, we're in a new universe with new opportunities. Perhaps our future lies here rather than in returning to a galaxy that has repeatedly rejected Unity. Hunts jaw tightened. We're not abandoning our mission, Tier. I'm merely suggesting we keep our options open. Tier replied smoothly. These ti fight against tyranny much as we do. Perhaps there's common cause to be found. The tension between the two men was palpable, and O'Neal recognized it instantly. He'd had similar arguments with TLC in the early days, with Daniel over priorities, with Carter over tactics. This was the friction of a command structure under stress. Let's table the philosophical debate for now, Landry suggested diplomatically. Captain Hunt, we're prepared to offer you temporary sanctuary at Earth while we investigate potential solutions to your situation. In exchange, we'd like to learn more about your technology and capabilities. Fair warning, there are elements within Earth's government who will want to acquire your technology by any means necessary. We'll do our best to protect you from that, but you should be aware of the political complications. Understood, Hunt replied. We've dealt with our share of political complications. The High Guard specialized in navigating between different species interests. Then welcome to Earth, Captain O'Neal said, extending his hand again. Let's get you that coffee and start figuring out how to get you home. Or at least how to keep you alive long enough to try. As the two groups moved toward the briefing room, Ramy lingered for a moment at the base of the Stargate, her artificial fingers brushing the ancient metal reverently. Millions of years old and still functioning perfectly, she murmured. The beings who built you must have been extraordinary. Behind her, the Stargate stood silent, its chevrons dark, holding secrets about the ancients mastery of spaceime that might, just might, provide the key to sending the Andromeda ascendant home. or it might reveal that some journeys can never be reversed. The briefing room had seen its share of impossible conversations, alien alliances, alternate realities, time travel paradoxes. But watching Sheamus Harper explain slipstream physics to Samantha Carter while both of them scribbled equations on a whiteboard at speeds that left everyone else dizzy felt uniquely surreal. O'Neal nursed his third cup of coffee and tried to follow along but gave up somewhere around quantum entanglement differential matrices. So if I'm understanding correctly, Carter said her marker hovering over a particularly complex diagram slipstream routes are essentially naturally occurring dimensional tunnels that your ships navigate through organic pilot intuition rather than pure calculation. Exactly. Harper's enthusiasm was infectious despite the dire circumstances. The routes shift constantly based on gravitational influences, quantum fluctuations, all kinds of variables. An AI, even one as sophisticated as Ramy, can't process the changes fast enough. You need a living pilot with split-second instincts. Bea Valentine, our captain's first officer for flight operations. She's one of the best slipstream pilots alive. She could thread a needle through a collapsing route while half asleep. Fascinating, Carter murmured. It's almost the opposite of how the Stargate works. The gate network is entirely predictable. Seven symbols for local addresses, eight for intergalactic, nine for specialized destinations. The wormhole physics are stable and replicable, which is exactly why we can't use slipstream here, Harper said, his excitement fading into frustration. I've run every diagnostic I can think of. The dimensional frequency that slipstream travel requires. It just doesn't exist in your universe. It's like trying to tune a radio to a station that was never broadcast. The technology is fine. The universe itself is incompatible. Hunt leaned forward, his command presence filling even this relatively small room. Which brings us to the critical question. Can ancient technology bridge the gap between universes? If they mastered wormhole creation, perhaps they also explored dimensional barriers. The ancients were capable of incredible things, Daniel said, setting down his coffee. They built the Stargate network millions of years ago, created city ships like Atlantis, developed weapons that could destroy entire solar systems, and eventually ascended to a higher plane of existence. But dimensional travel between universes. That's not something we've encountered in their database. However, Landry interjected from the head of the table. We have encountered dimensional phenomena. Colonel O'Neal, didn't you deal with a quantum mirror that showed alternate realities? Yeah, and it was a nightmare, O'Neal confirmed. Alternate versions of ourselves, different choices, different timelines. We shut it down because it was too dangerous. But that was within our universe. Different quantum branches, not entirely separate realities. Ramy, who had been silent and unnaturally still while processing data through her neural interface with the Andromeda in orbit, suddenly spoke. I've completed a comprehensive scan of this solar system using the Andromeda's long range sensors. Your technological development is remarkable given your relatively recent emergence onto the galactic stage. The orbital platform you call Prometheus represents a significant achievement in reverse engineered alien technology. Thanks, O'Neal said dryly. We're very proud of our Frankenship. However, Ramy continued, I'm also detecting multiple artificial satellites throughout your system. Some obviously yours, others with more sophisticated signatures. Additionally, there are several objects in deep space that register as inactive but technologically advanced. Ancient perhaps Carter's eyes widened. You can detect ancient technology from orbit. Our sensors can barely register some of those installations even when we know where they are. The Andromeda's sensor array was designed to scan across three galaxies simultaneously. Rammy explained different technological paradigm perhaps more suitable for detecting dimensional anomalies. Which brings me to my primary finding. There is a spatial distortion approximately eight light years from Earth that bears similarities to the dimensional rift we emerged through. Every person at the table went rigid. TLC spoke first, his voice grave, 8 light years from Earth. That would place the distortion near the coordinates of several ancient outposts we have discovered but not yet fully explored. Can you be more specific about the distortion's characteristics? Carter asked urgently. Ram's eyes unfocused slightly, data streaming directly into her consciousness from the ship. The spatial fabric shows signs of previous manipulation, like a scar in spaceime where something was torn open and then partially healed. The dimensional frequency reads similar to the collapse that brought us here, but this appears older, centuries old, possibly longer. The ancients experimented with dimensional research, Daniel said slowly, piecing together fragments of knowledge. We found references in their databases to something called dimensional phase shifting. It was considered extremely dangerous research, even by their standards. Most records about it were classified or purged. Hunts expression sharpened with the first real hope O'Neal had seen since the Commonwealth captain arrived. If the ancients created that distortion, if they conducted dimensional experiments, then there might be technology or data we could use. Something that could adapt our slipstream drive or create a new method of returning to our universe. Or it could be a dimensional booby trap that tears both our ships apart, O'Neal countered. The ancients had a bad habit of leaving incredibly dangerous toys lying around. We've dealt with devices that rewrite timelines, download entire libraries into people's brains, and turn humans into energy beings. When they mark something as too dangerous, that's saying something. Yet, you continue to seek out and utilize their technology, tier observed. His predatory gaze swept the room. I've been listening to your description of this galaxy's politics. You fight system lords who command vast fleets, face religious crusades from ascended beings, defend against multiple hostile species. You cannot afford to ignore any potential advantage, no matter how He's not wrong, Landry admitted reluctantly. We've taken calculated risks before because the alternative was extinction. But Captain Hunt, I need to be clear about something. If we investigate this ancient site and it contains dimensional technology, Earth has priority access. We're facing an emerging threat from the AI ascended beings from another galaxy who are launching a religious crusade to enslave or destroy every human in our galaxy. If ancient dimensional research could provide a defense against the Orie's powers, we need it. Understood, Hunt replied evenly. We're not asking for exclusive access. This is your galaxy, your fight. All we want is the chance to study the technology alongside you and hopefully find a way home. The High Guard doesn't conquer, we protect and preserve. Pretty words, Tier said softly. But, Captain, consider carefully. We have 300 crew members aboard the Andromeda who depend on your decisions. Is returning to a shattered commonwealth that has rejected unity for three centuries really worth risking everything? The temperature in the room dropped. Hunt turned to his first officer and O'Neal recognized the look, the weight of command bearing down on every decision, the knowledge that hundreds of lives hung on choices made in rooms exactly like this one. Tier, I know you've never fully believed in the Commonwealth's restoration, Hunt said quietly. You follow me because I'm an effective commander. Because the Andromeda is a powerful ship. Because there's profit and purpose in our mission. But those 300 crew members, they signed on because they believe in something more than survival. They believe that civilization is worth rebuilding, that unity is possible even after catastrophic failure. Belief doesn't overcome reality. Tier countered. It's all we have. Hunt shot back. Reality is what we make it. Tear. The Commonwealth fell because too many people decided that unity wasn't worth fighting for. I won't make that mistake again. TLC inclined his head with deep respect. You speak with the conviction of one who has lost everything and still chooses to hope. I have walked that path, Captain Hunt. When I betrayed Apice to join the Tori, many called me foolish. They said the gold were too powerful, that rebellion would only bring destruction. Yet today, the free Jaffa nation stands, and my people are no longer slaves. How long did it take? Hunt asked. Your rebellion. How many years of fighting? Nearly a century of preparation, 8 years of open warfare, TLC replied. Many died, many more suffered, but freedom was worth the cost. Hunt absorbed this then nodded. Then you understand why we have to try. Why returning home, even to a galaxy that's rejected the Commonwealth, is worth pursuing. Because giving up means admitting that tyranny and chaos are inevitable. All very inspiring, O'Neal interrupted. But let's focus on the practical problem. We've got an ancient site 8 lighty years away that might might help get your people home. Harper, can the Andromeda reach that location with conventional engines? Harper shook his head. Not without slipstream. 8 light years at sublight speeds would take decades, even with the Andromeda's relativistic engines. We're fast, but not that fast. Then we used the Stargate, Carter said decisively. She pulled up a star chart on the briefing room display. If there's an ancient outpost at those coordinates, there's likely a Stargate on site or nearby. We can dial directly to the location. Send a team through to investigate. A joint team, Hunt suggested. Your people understand ancient technology. My people understand dimensional physics. Harper and Major Carter working together might recognize things either would miss alone. Landry considered this, his expression, thoughtful. It's irregular to bring foreign nationals on an off-world mission, especially to an ancient research facility. But these are irregular circumstances. Colonel O'Neal, I want SG1 to lead this mission. Captain Hunt, you can bring two personnel. I'd recommend your engineer and Ramy since she can interface with technology in ways we can't. What about me? Tier asked, his tone dangerous. You stay aboard the Andromeda, Hunt said firmly. Someone needs to command the ship while I'm off world. Besides, if this goes badly, I need someone I trust to make hard decisions about the crew's survival. Tears smile was predatory. How trusting of you, Captain. Very well. I'll keep our home secure while you chase ancient dreams. There was definitely a story there, O'Neal thought. Tension between commanders wasn't unusual, but the undercurrent between Hunt and Tier suggested deeper philosophical divisions. The Nietian clearly didn't share Hunt's idealism about restoring the Commonwealth. "When do we leave?" Daniel asked, already mentally cataloging what ancient texts he'd need to review before the mission. 24 hours, Landry decided. That gives Major Carter and Mr. Harper time to coordinate on what they're looking for, gives our intelligence people time to brief Captain Hunt on current galactic threats, and gives the Andromedia time to establish secure orbit protocols with NORAD. Colonel Prep SG won for a mission of unknown duration to an unexplored ancient facility. "My favorite kind," O'Neal said without enthusiasm. As the meeting broke up, Carter and Harper immediately huddled over data tablets already deep into technical specifications. Daniel cornered Hunt with a dozen questions about Commonwealth history and cultural evolution. TLC and Teter sized each other up with the mutual respect of warriors from different traditions. O'Neal found himself standing next to Ramy, who was gazing at a wall display showing Earth from orbit. The Andromeda Ascendant visible as a bright speck among the satellites. Penny, for your thoughts, O'Neal offered. Do sensient warships have thoughts. Or is it more like processing? Both, Ramy replied, her voice unusually soft. I think, therefore, I am. Deart would be pleased. But I also process millions of calculations simultaneously, monitoring every system aboard my physical form. She gestured to the display. 300 crew members depend on me, Colonel. They're my responsibility, my purpose. Dylan believes in the Commonwealth's ideals, and I support him because he's my captain. But I also calculate probabilities. The chance of us successfully returning to our universe is less than 18% based on current data. And if you can't return, then we adapt, Ramy said simply. Sensience means choice. If we're truly stranded here, then we choose our new purpose. Perhaps helping Earth against its enemies. Perhaps exploring this galaxy's mysteries. Perhaps finding a new way to honor the Commonwealth's memory. She turned to face him, her artificial eyes remarkably human. "What would you do, Colonel O'Neal, if you could never return home?" O'Neal thought about his son, about the life he'd lost, about the choices that had brought him to the SGC. I'd find a new mission, he said finally. Because the alternative is giving up, and that's not really an option. Then we understand each other, Ramy said. 24 hours until we step through your Stargate into the unknown. I find myself experiencing something my programming identifies as anticipation, possibly anxiety. It's interesting. Welcome to the wonderful world of gate travel," O'Neal said. Where interesting is usually code for terrifying, and the coffee is terrible. But as he watched Harper and Carter excitedly comparing notes as he saw Hunt and Daniel engaged in passionate discussion about cultural preservation, O'Neal couldn't shake the feeling that the Andromedia's arrival was going to change everything. A ship from another universe carrying the last hope of a fallen civilization, searching for ancient secrets that might bridge the gap between realities. And all of it hinged on an unexplored ancient facility eight light years away, where the dimensional fabric of spacetime bore the scars of experiments so dangerous even the ancients had classified them. What could possibly go wrong? The Prometheus hovered at a respectful distance from the Andromeda ascendant in high Earth orbit. And from the observation deck, the contrast between the two ships was stark. The Prometheus, humanity's pride, a vessel reverse engineered from gold and ascard technology, looked functional, militaristic, cobbled together from salvaged parts and human ingenuity. The Andromeda was art. Sleek lines curved through space with organic grace, its whole gleaming with an elegance that spoke of a civilization that had perfected ship building over millennia. Colonel Lionel Pendergast, commander of the Prometheus, stood beside his tactical officer, reviewing sensor data on the Commonwealth vessel. "Assessment," he asked quietly. "Sir, their weapon systems are extensive," the tactical officer replied, his voice carrying professional concern. We've identified at least 40 independent point defense laser turrets, multiple missile batteries, and what appears to be some form of particle beam weaponry, likely the antiproton cannons they mentioned. Their defensive shields read stronger than anything we've encountered short of an Asgard mothership. In a direct engagement, sir, we'd last maybe 3 minutes. Pendergast absorbed this without expression and their crews cooperation level. Full compliance with all orbital protocols, sir. They've been completely transparent with their systems data. Haven't powered weapons, and their captain has been nothing but professional. But sir, that's a Commonwealth warship designed to hold three entire galaxies together against warlords and insurrections. Even damaged, even stranded, it's the most powerful single ship in Earth orbit, which is why we're keeping them as allies. Pendergast said, "Pass the word to all stations. Full courtesy to the Andromeda's crew. They're guests, not prisoners, but keep sensors active and battle stations ready to go hot in 30 seconds, just in case." Aboard the Andromeda, Dylan Hunt stood on his own command deck, hands clasped behind his back, staring at the small blue green planet that dominated the forward view screen. Bea Valentine, his first officer for flight operations, stood at her station, fingers drumming nervously on the console. "It's weird, isn't it?" she said. "Another Earth, different universe, same planet, same humans fighting the same kinds of battles we fought. Not the same battles, Hunt corrected gently. These people faced something we never did. Parasitic aliens literally enslaving humanity while pretending to be gods. For thousands of years, Beika, the psychological scars from that kind of oppression. Yeah, I picked up on that, Beika replied. The way that Colonel O'Neal talks about the gold, there's real hate there. Personal. Hunt nodded. He lost something to them. I recognized that look. I wore it for the first year after I realized the Commonwealth had fallen while I was frozen in time. The comm system chimed and tears voice filled the bridge. Captain, I've completed my analysis of Earth's defensive capabilities and current threat assessment based on the intelligence briefing Stargate Command provided. You should review this privately. Hunt suppressed a sigh. Tears. Paranoia had its uses, but it also created I'll be in my ready room. Bea, you have the bridge. Keep our orbital position stable and maintain friendly communications with the Prometheus. I, Captain, try not to let Tier convince you we should conquer the planet or something. Hunt's ready room was smaller than his old quarters aboard the original Andromeda. The ship had been damaged and rebuilt so many times over 5 years that many personal spaces had been sacrificed for essential systems, but it still contained his most precious possessions. A holographic display of the Commonwealth at its height, spanning three galaxies in glory, and a small collection of artifacts from worlds he'd helped save. Tier was waiting, his expression unreadable. Captain, I've assessed Earth's defensive posture, their current conflicts, and the strategic opportunities our presence represents. Opportunities, Hunts voice carried a warning edge. The Tower are significantly outmatched by multiple hostile forces, Tier continued, ignoring the warning. The AI possess technology and powers that approach what we would classify as veteran level capabilities. The remaining gold, while weakened, still command vast resources. The replicators, before their destruction, represented an existential threat. And yet, Earth survives through tactical brilliance, alliances with more advanced species, and sheer determination. Sounds admirable, Hunt said it is. Tier agreed. They're worthy allies. But Captain, consider what the Andromeda represents in this galaxy's power structure. We are the single most advanced warship in this sector of space. Our weapon systems exceed anything Earth or their allies possess. Our AI capabilities surpass their technology by centuries. In the wrong hands, or even in Earth's well-meaning but desperate hands, the Andromeda could shift the entire galactic balance of power. Hunt leaned back in his chair, studying his first officer. You think Earth will try to seize the ship. I think elements within Earth's government will try. Tier corrected. General Landry seems honorable as does Colonel O'Neal. But they mentioned other factions. This NIDA organization, the IOA International Oversight Body. Earth's government is fragmented with multiple competing interests. Someone will decide that controlling the Andromeda is worth betraying temporary allies. Then we make ourselves valuable enough that betrayal costs more than cooperation. Hunt said we help them against the AI, share technology on our terms, prove that the Commonwealth's ideals of partnership work better than conquest or theft. Tier's expression suggested he found this hopelessly naive. And when they decide they want our technology without the inconvenience of partnership, when they clone our AI, reverse engineer our weapons, and no longer need us, then we'll deal with it," Hunt said firmly. "But I won't operate from a position of mistrust and suspicion." The Commonwealth fell because we stopped believing in each other. Tier every species started looking out for itself, prioritizing short-term survival over long-term cooperation. I won't repeat that mistake. The Commonwealth fell because idealism couldn't overcome reality. Tier countered. The Nietian uprising, the Magog invasion, the economic collapse. These weren't failures of belief, Dylan. They were inevitable consequences of trying to hold together civilizations with fundamentally incompatible Before Hunt could respond, Ramy's voice filled the room through the ship's calm system. Captain, I'm detecting multiple Stargate activations in rapid succession across Earth's surface. The network is experiencing unusual activity. Additionally, the Prometheus is going to battle stations. They've detected an unscheduled incoming wormhole at the Stargate facility. Hunt and Tier were moving before she finished speaking, racing toward the bridge. When they arrived, the main view screen showed Earth from orbit with multiple data feeds scrolling past showing Stargate activation patterns. Report: Hunt snapped. 15 Stargates across Earth's network just activated simultaneously, Ramy replied, her voice carrying unusual tension. The Prometheus reports this is unprecedented. Their gate facility is receiving an incoming wormhole now. Stargate Command is going to defensive protocols. Can you tap into their communications? Bea asked with permission, Ramy said. A moment later, audio crackled through. Chaotic military communications from Cheyenne Mountain. Unscheduled activation. Iris holding GDO code is not recognized. Repeat. Unknown code. Energy signature consistent with Ori technology. General Iris is heating up. Sir, something's trying to breach. Then a different voice, calm but carrying enormous authority, cut through the chaos. It wasn't human. The words were English, but the cadence was wrong, musical, compelling. Hallowed are the AI. Hunts blood ran cold. He'd read the intelligence briefings on the AI. Ascended beings from another galaxy, literal gods who gained power through worship, who sent crusader armies to convert or destroy non-believers. The Commonwealth had faced religious fanaticism before, but never backed by actual divine power. The AI have sent a prior through the gate, Beik said unnecessarily. Boss, should we hold position? Hunt ordered. This is Earth's fight and we don't know enough about AI capabilities yet. Rammy, maximum sensor focus on I want to know exactly what we're dealing with. Already scanning. Rammy Captain, the being that emerged from the Stargate registers as humanly baseline, but with severe physiological modifications. Radiation signatures suggest exposure to massive energy sources possibly from ascension related technologies. And captain, the prior is emitting low-level energy pulses that are affecting everyone in proximity. Some form of psychic or technological compulsion. On the bridge view screen, data feeds from Stargate Command showed the prior a tall figure in robes, staff in hand, face hidden beneath a hood. The iris had held, preventing anything material from coming through. But somehow this being had manifested anyway, solidifying from energy in the gate room itself. Tier leaned forward, his predatory instincts fully engaged. That's not technologically possible. Matter cannot manifest without a stable wormhole terminus. Unless you're operating on an ascended beings power level, Hunt said grimly. The briefings mentioned the AI existed on a higher plane of existence, pure energy beings who could manipulate reality itself. This prior is their representative empowered by their gods. The prior's voice continued, amplified through every speaker in Cheyenne Mountain. I bring word of the AI who are the one true gods. I bring the path to enlightenment through origin. I bring salvation to those who accept and cleansing fire to those who refuse. Then the prior said something that made everyone on the Andromeda's bridge freeze. I bring warning of the abomination. A ship has come from beyond the veil, tearing through the sacred order of dimensional barriers. The AI have felt this wound in creation. The vessel Andromeda Ascendant and its crew stand in defiance of the natural order. They must be cleansed. Hunt felt the weight of 300 crew members lives settle on his shoulders. The AI knew somehow when the Andromeda tore through from another universe, it had registered to ascended beings as a violation of cosmic law. "They're targeting us specifically," Beika said, her voice tight. "Dylan, we just became Earth's biggest problem instead of their potential ally." "Not necessarily," Tier said, and there was actually something approaching satisfaction in his voice. The enemy of my enemy is my friend. Earth was already fighting the AI. Now the AI have declared the Andromeda a priority target. That makes our alliance with Earth not just convenient, it's necessary for both sides. Hunt hated that tier was right. The Commonwealth had taught him that sometimes the best alliances were born from mutual necessity rather than shared ideals. But it also meant the Andromeda had just painted a target on Earth's back. Ramy, open a channel to General Landry, Hunt ordered. Encrypted priority. Landre's face appeared on a secondary screen, and he looked like he'd aged 10 years in 10 minutes. Behind him, the gate room was in controlled chaos. SF teams in defensive positions. The Prior standing calmly in the center delivering his sermon of doom. Captain Hunt, Landry said without preamble. I assume you heard the AI know we're here. Hunt confirmed. General, I'm sorry. We never intended to bring additional threats to your doorstep. Not your fault, Landry said, though his expression suggested he wasn't entirely convinced. The AI were coming anyway. You just gave them another reason to accelerate their crusade. But Hunt, I need to know, can your ship fight theirs? Because if the AI send warships instead of just prior, Earth's defenses won't hold. Hunt glanced at Tier, who pulled up tactical data instantly. AI warships are extremely powerful, Tier reported. But the Andromeda was designed to fight battles across three galaxies simultaneously. Our weapon systems are optimized for engaging multiple capital ships. Given proper tactics and positioning, we could engage an AI vessel. Victory isn't guaranteed, but we wouldn't be helpless. Then here's my proposition, Landry said. You help us deal with this prior situation non-violently if possible since killing prior tends to backfire and then we accelerate our mission to that ancient facility. If the AI are specifically targeting you because of dimensional violations, then ancient dimensional research might be even more important than we thought. Maybe the ancients developed defenses against this kind of attack. Maybe they left something that can help both our problems. Hunt made the decision instantly. Agreed. We're sending down Ramy and Harper to help contain the prior and general. The Commonwealth Navy taught me that when powerful enemies declare war, you don't apologize for existing. You fight. The Andromeda stands with Earth. Landre's expression softened slightly. Appreciated, Captain. Now, let's see if we can convince this prior that cleansing us is more trouble than it's worth. The channel closed. Hunt turned to his crew, seeing the mixture of fear and determination on their faces. They'd come through an impossible dimensional collapse, found themselves stranded in an alien universe, and now faced the wrath of actual gods. Bea, bring the Andromeda to high alert, Hunt ordered. All weapon systems online, but not powered. Defensive shields at maximum. If an AI warship appears, I want us ready to engage instantly. I, Captain Tier, coordinate with Earth's orbital defenses. If we're going to fight alongside them, we need integrated tactical protocols. Already composing them, Tier replied, his fingers flying across his console. The Tower's Prometheus is primitive, but they use it intelligently. Combined operations should be interesting. Rammy, you and Harper, get down to Cheyenne Mountain. help our new allies deal with their prior problem. Understood. Ramy's voice confirmed. Though, Captain, I should note that confronting beings with actual divine powers is outside my standard operational parameters. Join the club, Hunt muttered. We're<unk> all improvising now. As Ramy's android avatar headed for the transport platform to beam down to Earth, Hunt stared at the view screen showing the small blue planet his ship now orbited. The Commonwealth had faced many threats over its long history. Wars, invasions, insurrections, economic collapse, but they'd never faced gods. Then again, he thought, remembering the briefings on how Earth had defeated gold system lords who claimed divinity. Maybe that's exactly what made the Tari such valuable allies. They'd spent decades proving that gods could bleed. Captain Beika said quietly, "What if we can't get home? What if the ancient facility doesn't have answers?" Hunt turned to face his first officer, seeing the fear and hope waring in her expression. "Then we do what we've always done." Bea, "We adapt. We survive. And we find a new mission worth fighting for. The Commonwealth's ideals don't die just because we're in a different universe." Pretty speech tier commented. Let's hope it's enough when the AI come to cleanse us. Hunt didn't have an answer for that. Below in Cheyenne Mountain, a prior of the AI delivered ultimatums backed by divine power. In orbit, the Andromeda ascendant prepared for a war against gods. And eight light years away, an ancient facility waited with secrets about dimensional barriers that might save them all or doom them completely. The Commonwealth had fallen once. Hunt refused to let it fall again, even in an alien universe. But first, they had to survive the next 24 hours. The prior stood in the gate room like a monument to divine judgment, his staff planted firmly on the concrete floor, his hooded face turning slowly to regard each SF guard with weapons trained on him. The iris had sealed the moment he'd manifested impossibly from pure energy. And now Cheyenne Mountain was locked down tighter than it had ever been. O'Neal stood in the control room with Landry, watching through reinforced glass as the prior began to speak again. His voice carried that same unsettling musical quality. Words that seemed to bypass the ear and speak directly to something deeper. The or see all the or know all. A ship from beyond the veil has violated the sacred order. Those who shelter this abomination share in its corruption. I really hate it when ascended beings get involved, O'Neal muttered. Can't they just stay on their higher plane and leave us alone. Apparently not when someone tears a hole between universes, Landry replied. Colonel ideas. Well, we can't shoot him. that just makes more prior show up and usually ends with a plague or the planet exploding. We can't reason with him because he's running on divine operating system that doesn't accept input. And we definitely can't let him wander around preaching origin because that's how the AI gain power. So, we're back to containment and hoping he gets bored. The Stargate activated again. Chevrons locking in sequence. Incoming wormhole. Haramman announced. Receiving Andromeda's IDC, they're sending through their personnel. The event horizon shimmerred, and Ramy emerged first, followed by Harper. The young engineers's eyes went wide seeing the prior, and he instinctively moved behind Ramy's more combat capable android form. "Holy crap, that's an actual space wizard," Harper breathed. The Prior's hooded head swiveled toward them with predatory precision. the machine intelligence, the servants of the abomination. You will be the first to receive the ors judgment. Ramy tilted her head, processing, I am Andromeda, Ascendant, avatar of a glorious heritage class warship. I recognize no gods. I serve my crew and the ideals of the systems commonwealth. Your judgment is irrelevant. For the first time, the prior seemed takenback. His staff struck the floor with a crack of thunder that shouldn't have been possible indoors and energy rippled outward. The SF guard staggered, several dropping to their knees. Harper collapsed, clutching his head, but Ramy stood unmoved, her artificial body immune to whatever psychic assault the prior had unleashed. Interesting, Ramy observed clinically. You're broadcasting a low-frequency neural disruptor designed to induce religious awe and compliance in organic beings. Effective against humans, but I'm a distributed AI operating through an android platform. Your powers don't affect me. O'Neal felt a grin spreading across his face despite the situation. Oh, I like her. The prior's voice rose in anger. The Orie's power is absolute. You are corruption given form machine thing. You will I will continue to protect my crew and fulfill my mission parameters. Rammy interrupted calmly. She took a step forward and suddenly her hand moved with speed no human could match. She caught the prior staff mid swing, holding it effortlessly. You claim divine authority. But in my 300 years of operation, I've encountered 14 species that claimed godhood. All were eventually proven to be advanced biologicals or energy beings operating with inexplainable physical laws. You're impressive prior, but you're not a god. You're a tool of ascended beings who gain power through worship. That's not divinity. That's parasetism. The silence in the gate room was absolute. O'Neal wasn't sure anyone had ever just called out a prior like that. Usually, it was more screaming and running. The prior wrenched his staff free with surprising strength, stumbling backward. You speak blasphemy. The AI will The AI will find that attempting to cleanse the Andromeda ascendant will cost them more than they anticipated. Rammy continued. Her eyes flickered. Data streaming. I've been analyzing your energy signature since manifestation. Your channeling power from ascended beings across a dimensional link. That link is detectable, quantifiable, and theoretically could be disrupted with the right frequency modulation. Carter's voice crackled through O'Neal's radio. Sir, I'm getting this on sensors. Ramy's right. There's a dimensional energy conduit connecting the prior to something on a higher plane. If we could collapse that conduit, we could cut him off from Ori power. O'Neal finished. He hit the PA system. Ramy, can you actually do that? Disrupt his connection? Given appropriate equipment and Harper's assistance, probability of success is approximately 63%, Ramy replied, still facing down the prior who seemed genuinely uncertain how to handle an opponent immune to his primary weapons. However, doing so might alert the AI to our technical capabilities. They could adapt. The Prior recovered his composure. Staff planted firmly again. You cannot stand against the will of the AI. Already your world has been marked. Already the faithful are rising across your galaxy. The crusade is inevitable. But for those who shelter the dimensional abomination, judgment comes swiftly. He raised his staff and energy began to coalesce around him. O'Neal recognized the signs. The prior was about to do something big. Probably something that would level the mountain or trigger a plague or both. Rammy, now would be good, O'Neal shouted. Ramy's eyes blazed with light as she accessed the Andromeda's computing power through her neural link. Simultaneously, she moved with mechanical precision, her hand shooting out to touch the prior staff just as it reached the peak of its energy buildup. For a moment, two forms of power collided. Divine energy channeled through ascended beings and pure computational force backed by 300 years of Commonwealth AI development. The Prior staff crackled with competing frequencies as Ramy forcibly injected disruptive harmonics into his connection to the AI. The prior screamed, an inhuman sound of rage and pain, and then the energy backfired. He dissolved into light, not the controlled dissolution of a planned departure, but the chaotic scatter of a severed connection. In seconds, he was gone. The gate room fell silent, except for the hum of electronics and the heavy breathing of guards recovering from the neural assault. Did we just kill a prior? Daniel's voice came from the doorway where he'd been observing. His expression was somewhere between horrified and fascinated. Negative, Ramy reported. She was analyzing data flowing through her systems. I disrupted his connection to AI power and forced an emergency recall to their dimensional plane. He's not dead. He's been forcibly summoned back to the AI to report his failure, but he'll return likely with additional prior and possibly military forces. So, we bought time, Landry said grimly. How much? Unknown. But Captain Hunt's assessment was correct. The AI specifically detected our dimensional breach and consider it a violation. They'll prioritize cleansing the Andromeda, which means they'll prioritize attacking Earth. Harper had recovered enough to stand, leaning on Ramy for support. Okay, that was terrifying and awesome in equal measure. But uh did anyone else notice that the prior called our dimensional breach wound in creation? Because in my experience, when cosmic entities start using phrases like that, it means something really bad is happening on a multiversal scale. Carter entered the gate room, tablet in hand, her expression troubled. He's right. I've been analyzing the sensor data from when the Andromeda arrived. The dimensional collapse that brought them here didn't just open a temporary door. It left a permanent weakness in the dimensional barriers. Like a crack in spaceime that isn't healing properly. Which means what exactly? O'Neal asked though he had a sinking feeling he already knew. It means other things could come through. Carter said quietly. The dimensional barrier is supposed to keep separate universes separate. If it's damaged, if there's a crack, anything from any universe could potentially find and exploit it. The Andromeda came through accidentally. Something else might come through intentionally. TLC had entered silently during the confrontation, and now he spoke with his characteristic measured gravity. Then, the ancient facility we plan to investigate is not merely a potential means of returning Captain Hunt's crew to their universe. It is a critical defensive priority. If the ancients studied dimensional barriers, they may have also developed methods to repair such damage or weapons to exploit it. Tier's voice came through the radio he'd been monitoring from the Andromeda. Captain Hunt, we need to consider that the ancients might have created this vulnerability intentionally. If they conducted dimensional experiments and classified them as too dangerous, perhaps they damaged the barriers themselves. Hunts voice joined the channel. Either way, we need to reach that General Landry, I recommend we accelerate our departure. The AI know where we are, know what we represent, and have already attempted one cleansing. We're on a clock now. Agreed, Landry replied. He turned to O'Neal. Colonel, prep SG1 for immediate departure. Captain Hunt, have your people ready in 2 hours. We're moving up the timeline. Understood. Hunt confirmed. One more thing, General. The prior specifically said, "The faithful are rising across your galaxy. Have you received reports of increased Arya activity on other worlds?" Landre's expression darkened. "We've been getting scattered reports from free Jaffo worlds and talk RA intelligence. Several planets have reported prior appearing and converting significant portions of their population. It's spreading faster than we anticipated. But why do you ask? Because if the AI are accelerating their crusade specifically because of our arrival, that makes every world they convert partially our responsibility, Hunt said heavily. The Commonwealth Navy had protocols for situations where our presence endangered civilian populations. We don't leave people to suffer because we became a target. O'Neal found himself liking the Commonwealth captain more by the minute. The guy had the same burden of command mentality that kept O'Neal awake at night. Noble sentiment, Captain, but we can't save everyone. Trust me, we've tried. Best we can do is find something at that ancient facility that helps both our problems, gets your people home, and gives us a weapon against the AI. Jack's right. Daniel added, "The AI were coming anyway. Your arrival just accelerated their timeline. We can't take responsibility for every consequence of that." Dr. Jackson, with respect, the Commonwealth fell because we stopped taking responsibility, Hunt replied. I won't make that mistake again. Ramy had been silent, processing vast amounts of data through her neural link. Now she spoke, her voice carrying unusual uncertainty. Captain, I'm detecting something. The dimensional crack Major Carter described. It's not stable. There are fluctuations like something is testing it from the other side. Probing for weaknesses. Every person in the gate room felt the temperature drop. Testing it. How? Carter demanded. Unknown. But the energy signatures are similar to what we experienced during our slipstream collapse. Whatever is on the other side, it's trying to widen the crack, trying to force its way through. Can you determine what it is? TLC asked. Negative. The dimensional barrier obscures detailed scanning, but the energy profile suggests something massive. Ship sized, possibly larger. O'Neal looked at Landry, seeing his own concerns reflected in the general's expression. They'd dealt with invasions from other galaxies, other timelines, other quantum realities. But an invasion from another universe entirely through a crack that wouldn't heal. How long until something breaks through? Landry asked. Ramy's eyes flickered with calculations. At current progression rate, approximately 72 hours. Though that's a rough estimate, the breach could accelerate unpredictably. 3 days, Hunt said over the comm. We have 3 days to reach the ancient facility, find a way to seal the dimensional breach, and hopefully discover how to get my crew home before something comes through that crack. No pressure. Actually, there's a lot of pressure, Harper interjected. like literally universe ending levels of pressure. Because if something really nasty comes through that crack and Earth can't stop it, it's not just this galaxy that's in danger. The crack connects to our universe, too. Whatever comes through could potentially find its way to both realities. The implications hung heavy in the air. The Andromeda's arrival hadn't just brought them into conflict with the AI. It had potentially opened the door for something far worse. Then we stop standing around talking and start moving, O'Neal declared. He pointed at Carter. Major, you and Harper coordinate on equipment we'll need. Daniel, pull every ancient text we have on dimensional research. TLC, work with Colonel Pendergast on orbital defense protocols in case the AI show up while we're gone. And me? Ramy asked. You're coming with us. O'Neal said, "If there's ancient AI technology at that facility, having a sensient AI who can interface with it could be the difference between success and catastrophic failure. Plus, you just kicked a prior's ass. I want you on my team." Ramy's expression as much as an android could express emotion showed something approaching pleasure. I am honored to serve with SG1 Colonel O'Neal. Your tactical record against superior forces is impressive. Yeah, well, we specialize in impossible odds, O'Neal replied. Welcome to the club. Now, let's go find an ancient facility full of dimensional experiments that were too dangerous for beings who built weapons that could destroy solar systems. What could possibly go wrong? As the team dispersed to prepare, O'Neal caught Daniel looking at him with that expression that meant his friend was about to say something profound and uncomfortable. "What?" O'Neal asked. "We're about to step into the middle of a multiversal crisis," Jack Daniel said quietly. "If we get this wrong, if we can't seal that dimensional crack, or if the ancient technology is worse than the problem it's supposed to solve, we could doom multiple universes." I know, O'Neal replied. But we're also the only ones who can do anything about it. So, we do what we always do. Step through the gate, face the impossible, and somehow muddle through without getting everyone killed. That's your plan. Muddle through. It's worked so far, O'Neal said with a confidence he didn't entirely feel. Behind them, the Stargate stood silent, waiting to transport them eight light years to an ancient facility where secrets about dimensional barriers might save them all or accelerate the catastrophe. 72 hours until something breached the crack between universes. The clock was ticking. The coordinates for the ancient facility translated to a world designated P7X 392, which meant someone had surveyed it before, but never established permanent contact. O'Neal stood in the gate room two hours later, watching the final premission checks. SG1 was assembled in full gear, tactical vests, P90s, sidearms, enough ammunition and equipment to handle most situations. Daniel carried extra data tablets for recording ancient texts. Carter had enough scientific instruments strapped to her vest to outfit a small lab. Hunt arrived through the Stargate from the Andromeda in orbit, beaming down to the gate room via their transport He wore a modified version of his high guard uniform, still elegant, but adapted with tactical pouches and equipment mounting points. A sophisticated energy pistol hung at his hip along with what appeared to be a Commonwealth issue combat knife. Harper followed, looking significantly less comfortable in field gear. Just for the record, he announced to the room, "I'm an engineer, not a soldier. My expertise is fixing things, not shooting things. So, if we encounter hostile aliens or dimensional monsters, I'm hiding behind Ramy." Acceptable tactical doctrine, Ramy confirmed. She'd modified her appearance slightly. Her android body now incorporated additional armor plating that somehow still maintained her elegant form. I'm capable of withstanding significant damage while Harper provides technical support. TLC studied Hunt's energy pistol with professional interest. Captain Hunt, your weapon. What are its capabilities? Commonwealth issue force lance pistol, Hunt replied, drawing it smoothly and demonstrating the grip. fires concentrated plasma packets. Adjustable yield from stun to armor penetrating. 50 shots per charge pack. And I'm carrying three extras. Not as versatile as your P90S, but effective. Do not fire it until we know what we're facing. TLC advised. Ancient facilities often contain defensive systems that react to energy weapons. Kinetic projectiles are sometimes safer. noted," Hunt said, holstering the pistol. Though, I should mention that the High Guard encountered plenty of ancient facilities in our galaxy. "They all had one thing in common. Multiple redundant defense systems designed to kill anything that wasn't supposed to be there." "Well, that's comforting," O'Neal muttered. He turned to Landry, who stood in the control room. "General, we're ready." "Good luck, SG1," Landry replied. You're authorized for a 48 hour mission, but given the 72-hour timeline on that dimensional breach, I want regular check-ins every 4 hours. If you miss a check-in, we're sending backup. Understood, sir. O'Neal confirmed. He looked at his expanded team, five members of SG1 + 3 from the Andromeda, eight people to investigate an ancient facility that might hold the key to saving multiple universes. Okay, kids. Let's go see what the ancients left behind. Dial it up, Sergeant. Heramman's fingers flew across the DHD controls. The Stargate activated with its characteristic whoosh chevrons locking one by one. The event horizon stabilized, a shimmering vertical pool of liquid light. "Good luck, people," Landry said. O'Neal led the way up the ramp and through the event horizon. The familiar sensation of instantaneous travel across light years washed over him. The momentary disorientation, the brief impression of impossible motion, and then they emerged into darkness. Emergency lights on their weapons and gear activated automatically, beams cutting through pitch black. The gate room, if it could be called that, was massive, easily three times the size of Cheyenne Mountains facility. The Stargate stood on a raised platform surrounded by ancient architecture that combined organic curves with geometric precision. "Well, that's not ominous at all," Harper said, his voice echoing in the vast space. "Anyone else getting serious horror movie vibes? The facility appears to have no active power. Rammy reported her optical sensors glowed faintly in the darkness, scanning in spectrums humans couldn't perceive, detecting residual energy signatures consistent with ancient technology, but primary systems are dormant. Age estimate: Approximately 10,000 years since last activation. 10,000 years. Daniel breathed, already moving toward the nearest wall where ancient script covered the surface. His flashlight beam illuminated elegant characters. That would be right around the time the ancients were dealing with the plague before they ascended in mass. Carter was scanning with her ancient technology detector, a device cobbled together from various salvaged components. The facility extends deep underground. I'm reading massive power conduits, but they're all inactive. If we can find the main control room, we might be able to reactivate primary systems or trigger defensive systems that kill us all. O'Neal added. TLC, secure the gate. I want to make sure we can get home if this goes sideways. TLC moved to the DHD, checking its functionality. The DHD is operational. O'Neal, we will have access to egress should the need arise. Hunt stood in the center of the room, his force lance drawn but lowered, eyes scanning the darkness with professional paranoia. Captain Valentine would hate this place. Bea always said that ancient facilities gave her the creeps, too many unknowns, too many ways to die without warning. "Your first officer has excellent instincts," O'Neal said. He pulled out a chemical light stick, cracked it, and tossed it into the darkness beyond their immediate area. The green glow illuminated a corridor leading deeper into the facility. Okay, standard exploration protocol. Carter takes point with the ancient detector. Daniel right behind her to translate anything important. TLC, your rear guard. Ramy, you're with Carter up front. Your sensors might catch things ours don't. Harper, you stay in the middle where it's safest. Hunt, you and I will float between positions as needed. Efficient tactical deployment, Hunt approved. In high guard operations, we'd call this a scout and secure formation. Works well in unknown environments. The team moved out, boots echoing on ancient metal floors. The corridor stretched ahead, illuminated by their lights in shifting patterns. Ancient script lined the walls, and Daniel's flashlight beam danced from one inscription to another as he tried to read while walking. "This is unusual," Daniel said after several minutes of silent progress. "The script here isn't standard ancient. It's using archaic symbols and grammatical structures I've only seen in the oldest texts from before the ancients established their empire across galaxies. What does it say?" Carter asked, still focused on her detectors readings. It's fragmented, but I'm getting words like barrier, separation, forbidden knowledge, and wait. Daniel stopped, his light fixed on a particularly large inscription. Oh, that's not good. Daniel's that's not good usually means everyone's about to die, O'Neal observed. What does it say? Here lies the research of those who sought to pierce the veil between possibilities. Here lies the work abandoned when wisdom finally overcame ambition. Here lies the price of looking too deeply into the infinite. Daniel's voice carried genuine unease. Jack, this facility wasn't just classified, it was deliberately shut down. The ancients considered this research too dangerous to continue. Yet they preserved it rather than destroying it completely. Rammy noted that suggests they believed the knowledge might someday be necessary despite its dangers. A contingency against future threats. The corridor opened into a vast chamber that made everyone stop and stare. The space was circular, easily a 100 m across, with the ceiling lost in darkness above. In the center stood a massive device, an intricate arrangement of rings within rings, each covered in ancient symbols and technical components. Dormant power conduits ran from the device to ports in the floor, walls, and ceiling. It looked like a three-dimensional representation of atomic orbits, frozen in perfect geometric harmony. "Holy crap," Harper whispered. "That's that's incredible. the engineering alone. It's a dimensional phase shifter, Carter interrupted, her detector going crazy with readings. Or at least that's my best guess. The configuration matches theoretical models for technology that could manipulate dimensional barriers. Hunt moved closer, his tactical training waring with obvious fascination. In Commonwealth space, we encountered natural dimensional phenomena, slipstream routes, quantum singularities, gravitic anomalies, but nothing like this. This is deliberately engineered to interact with the fundamental structure of reality. Captain Hunt is correct. Rammy confirmed her eyes were glowing brighter now, processing immense amounts of data. This device was designed to create controlled breaches between parallel The power requirements would be enormous, likely requiring multiple zero point modules to operate, but theoretically it could open stable doorways between dimensional frameworks. Which means it could potentially send you home, Daniel said, hope creeping into his voice. Or, TLC rumbled from his position guarding the entrance. It could widen the crack that currently threatens both universes. A device designed to breach dimensional barriers used improperly could destabilize the boundaries between realities entirely. The hope died. O'Neal watched Hunts expression close down, the weight of command settling heavier. The Commonwealth captain was calculating probabilities, weighing 300 crew members lives against multiversal We need more information, Hunt said finally. Harper, Ramy, can you interface with this device? Access its operating system, determine its exact function and potential risks. I can try, Harper said, already pulling tools from his pack. But ancient interfaces are tricky and without power. The facility chose that moment to come alive. Lights blazed throughout the chamber. Not the soft glow of ancient technology at rest, but harsh emergency lighting that bathed everything in red. Claxons blared with a sound that transcended language, pure alarm that needed no translation. Defensive systems activating, Ramy announced unnecessarily. Multiple weapons platforms coming online. This facility is designed to kill intruders. Carter, can you shut it down? O'Neal shouted over the alarms. I'm trying. Carter was at the nearest control panel, her hands flying over ancient interfaces. The facility's AI is reacting to multiple triggers, unauthorized biological presence, unauthorized technology, and her face went pale. Oh no. It's detecting the dimensional breach we created. The facility's programming interprets that as an active dimensional incursion. It's going into lockdown mode. Ancient text flashed across every surface in the chamber and Daniel was frantically trying to read it. It's a warning. The facility was designed to contain dimensional breaches to seal them before they spread. It thinks we're the threat. It's trying to seal us off from the Stargate. Hunt made the command decision Everyone back to the gate room. Now, if we get sealed in here, a wall of energy materialized across the corridor they'd entered through. Pure force field humming with enough power to atomize anyone who touched it. "Too late," Tilc said grimly. "We are trapped." The dimensional phase shifter in the center of the room began to activate. Rings within rings started rotating slowly at first, then with increasing speed. Energy crackled between components. The air itself seemed to ripple and distort. "That's not good," Harper said, backing away from the device. "That's really, really not good. It's powering up, but the containment protocols are damaged. 10,000 years of decay. If it opens a dimensional portal without proper containment, it'll tear this facility apart and potentially expand the existing breach." Carter finished. We need to shut it down before it reaches critical activation. How? O'Neal demanded. The control panel should be there. Carter pointed to a raised platform near the device. Someone needs to access the ancient control interface and override the automated sequence. I'll do it, Hunt said, already moving. High guard officers are trained to interface with alien technology under combat conditions. You'll need the ancient gene, Daniel called after him. The interface won't respond to non-arriers. Hunt reached the platform and placed his hand on the control surface. It lit up instantly, responding to his touch. Everyone stared. Captain Hunt, Ramy said slowly. You appear to have the ancient gene. The probability of a human from an alternate universe carrying genetic markers specific to this universe's ancients is astronomically unlikely. Worry about probabilities later. Hunt snapped his hands moving across the interface as information flooded his mind. Right now I'm getting a crash course in ancient dimensional theory directly into my brain and it's not pleasant. The device it's not trying to open a portal. It's trying to seal the breach we created. The facility's AI detected the dimensional crack and automatically initiated repair protocols. That's good, right? Harper asked hopefully. It would be, Hunt replied through gritted teeth. Except the facility lacks sufficient power. It's trying to seal a multiversal breach with maybe 10% of the energy required. If the process fails mid-sequence, the backlash will. The devices rotation suddenly accelerated. Energy discharge crackled across the chamber. Warning symbols flashed across every ancient display. Do exactly that, hunt finished. Everyone brace for reality fractured. For a single impossible moment, O'Neal could see multiple versions of the chamber overlaid on each other. different timelines, different possibilities, different universes bleeding through. He saw the facility intact and operational. Saw it in ruins. Saw it never built at all. He saw himself standing in the chamber and also not standing there and also dead and also ascended all Then Ramy moved within human speed. She leaped onto the platform beside Hunt. Her and Android body connecting directly to the ancient interface. Rerouting power from my internal systems. She announced using my computational capacity to stabilize the dimensional harmonics. Captain, I need you to input the frequency modulation sequence, the one labeled with ancient glyphs for dimensional resonance barrier. Hunts hands flew across the interface and O'Neal had no idea how he knew what to do. But the Commonwealth captain moved with absolute certainty. The ancient gene must have been downloading information directly into his mind. The fractured realities began to coalesce. The overlapping images merged back into a single stable chamber. The devices rotation slowed, energy discharge decreasing to manageable levels. Finally, after what felt like hours, but was probably only seconds, the device powered down completely. Emergency lighting dimmed to normal levels. The force field blocking their exit dissolved. Silence fell, broken only by heavy breathing and the soft hum of sleeping ancient technology. "Is everyone alive?" O'Neal asked, doing a quick headcount. Everyone was still standing, though Harper looked ready to vomit. and Daniel was leaning against a wall for support. "Affirmative," Ramy replied. She disconnected from the ancient interface, though her eyes still glowed with residual data processing. The facility's AI has been convinced we're not hostile. The dimensional repair sequence has been aborted. However, Captain Hunt and I now have comprehensive data on ancient dimensional research. Hunt stepped down from the platform, his face pale, but his expression focused. The ancients didn't just study dimensional barriers. They weaponized them. This facility was designed to seal breaches, yes, but also to create controlled breaches as weapons. They could have opened dimensional rifts inside enemy ships, torn hostile forces apart at the quantum level. But they shut it down, Daniel said, still translating the ancient script covering the walls. They realized the danger that any weapon capable of breaching dimensional barriers could potentially damage the fundamental structure of So they sealed the research, classified it, and hoped it would never be needed. Until now, Carter said quietly. She was reviewing data on her tablet, cross-referencing it with the readings Ramy had downloaded. The good news is that this facility's technology could potentially seal the breach created by the Andromeda's arrival. The bad news is that it requires a functional zero point module, a ZPM. Without that level of power, any attempt to seal the breach will fail catastrophically. O'Neal felt the mission parameters shifting. So, we need a ZPM, which we don't have because they're rarer than honest politicians. Anyone have a spare ancient super battery lying around? The Andromeda uses quantum power generators, Harper offered. Not the same as ZPMs, but similar energy density. If we could adapt one of our power cores to interface with ancient technology that would require bringing the Andromeda here, Hunt said. Moving a capital ship away from Earth's orbital defense while the AI are actively targeting us. and we still don't know what's trying to break through the dimensional crack. TLC added, "We are caught between multiple threats with no ideal solutions. The tactical situation was deteriorating rapidly." O'Neal could see it in everyone's faces. They'd found the ancient facility, discovered technology that could solve their problems, and immediately run into a resource limitation they couldn't overcome quickly. We need to make a decision, Hunt said, his command presence filling the chamber. Do we return to Earth and figure out how to power this facility properly, or do we press deeper, see if there are other ancient devices or information that might help? Before anyone could answer, Ramy's eyes blazed with urgent light. Captain, I'm receiving an emergency transmission from the Andromeda. Tier reports multiple Stargate activations across Earth's network. Ori ships have entered the solar system. Earth is under attack. The mission had just become infinitely more complicated. The walk back to the Stargate felt 10 times longer than the journey in O'Neal's mind raced through tactical scenarios, none of them good. Oris in Earth's solar system meant the religious crusade had escalated from prior and conversion to full military invasion. The Prometheus would be outmatched. Earth's orbital defenses were impressive by galactic standards, but nothing compared to AI technology. Rammy, how many ships? Hunt demanded as they ran through the ancient corridors. Tier reports three AI warships in high orbit, Ramy replied, her voice carrying through the facility with unnatural clarity. She was connected to the Andromeda across light years via some kind of quantum link. The Prometheus engaged immediately, but is already taking heavy damage. Tier has moved the Andromeda into defensive position and is requesting permission to engage. Granted, Hunt said without hesitation. Full weapons authorization. Tell him to coordinate with Prometheus. Combined fire on single targets, maximum efficiency. Delay that O'Neal interrupted. This is Earth's fight, Captain. We appreciate the help, but I'm not asking you to sacrifice your ship for us. Hunt shot him a look that could have melted steel. Colonel, your planet is under attack because the AI consider my ship an abomination. That makes it my fight. And the High Guard doesn't abandon allies when the shooting starts. O'Neal wanted to argue, but they'd reached the gate room. Fine, but if your ship gets destroyed trying to save Earth, I'm putting it in my report that you ignored good advice. Noted, Hunt replied dryly. They burst through into the massive gate room where the Stargate still stood active, the event horizon shimmering with potential. Carter was already at the DHD, fingers flying across the ancient interface. Dialing Earth now, she announced. The gate shut down, then reactivated as she input the coordinates for Cheyenne Mountain. Sending our IDC. We should have immediate clearance. The team moved through the event horizon in rapid succession. O'Neal emerged in Cheyenne Mountain's gate room to organized chaos, SFG guards at full alert, Claxon's blaring, and Landre's voice echoing through the PA system issuing rapid fire orders. SG1, report to the control room immediately, Landry commanded. Captain Hunt, we need the Andromeda in this fight now. They took the stairs three at a time. The control room was a mad house of activity. Every screen showed tactical data, sensor readings, communications from the Prometheus, and various Earth defense installations. On the main view screen, the AI warships were visible in high orbit. Massive vessels that dwarfed even the Prometheus, their holes glowing with internal fire, weapons ports already active. Situation report, O'Neal demanded, scanning the tactical displays. "Three Ary warships dropped out of hyperspace 40 minutes ago," Landry replied, his face grim. They ignored all hails and opened fire immediately. The Prometheus engaged and has taken severe damage. Shields down to 30%. Weapons systems partially offline. Colonel Pendergast is attempting to withdraw to a defensive position near the moon. What about civilian targets? Daniel asked, his voice tight with concern. So far, the AI are ignoring the surface. They're focused entirely on orbital assets. But if they get through our defense platforms and ships, Earth's major cities are within range of their main weapons. We're looking at potential extinction level bombardment. On screen, the Andromeda Ascendant accelerated into view, moving with a grace that belied its massive size. The Commonwealth warships weapons ports glowed as it powered up its offensive systems. Andromeda is transmitting tactical data, Haramman reported from his station. They're proposing a coordinated attack pattern. Prometheus and Andromeda focus fire on the lead A or vessel while Earth's orbital defense platforms provide covering fire. Do it, Landry ordered. All defense platforms, weapons free. Let's show these ascended bastards what Earth can do. The battle began in earnest. The Andromeda's point defense lasers opened up first. 40 autonomous turrets tracking and firing in perfect synchronization, creating a web of energy that intercepted incoming Ory weapons fire. The effect was mesmerizing and terrifying. Each laser bolt precisely calculated to intersect an incoming projectile, creating cascading explosions in the vacuum between ships. My god, Carter breathed, watching the tactical display. the computational power required to coordinate that many independent targeting solutions That's Ramy, Harper said with obvious pride despite the circumstances. She can process millions of targeting calculations per second. Every point defense turret has full AI support. It's like fighting 40 ships at once. The Andromeda's main weapons followed, antiproton cannons that lanced out in brilliant blue white beams, striking the lead A or worshiped shields with devastating force. The AI vessel's shields flared, absorbing the impact but visibly weakening. Prometheus is firing, Heramman announced. Asgard beam weapons, Earth's most advanced offensive technology, reverse engineered from their allies, joined the Andromeda's assault. The combined firepower finally breached the Ary ship's shields, scoring direct hits on its hull. But the AI weren't passive targets. The three warships spread out in a coordinated tactical maneuver that spoke of either excellent commanders or divine guidance. Return fire came in devastating waves. Energy weapons that punched through space like divine judgment. Each shot powerful enough to vaporize a city block. The Prometheus took a direct hit. On the view screen, O'Neal watched the Earth ship's shields collapse completely, its hole breached in multiple locations. Emergency venting showed atmosphere escaping into space. Prometheus is reporting critical damage, Herman said, his voice tight. Colonel Pendergast is ordering evacuation to the escape pods. The ship is done. Tell Pendergas to beam his crew to the Andromeda if possible. Land reordered. We can't lose those people. Andromeda acknowledges. Heramman They're locking on to Prometheus crew signatures now, beaming them aboard. Hunt had been silent, watching the tactical display with absolute focus. Now he spoke, his voice carrying command authority that transcended universes. Tier execute battle pattern Omega 7. Full aggressive spread. Concentrate fire on the damaged AI vessel. Ignore the other two ships. We kill one quickly, then reassess. Tears voice came through the comm with savage satisfaction. Finally, a proper battle. Executing Omega 7. All weapons target lock on AI vessel designated alpha. Harper. I need maximum power to forward shields. You got it, boss. Harper replied, and O'Neal realized the engineer was still with them in the control room, somehow connected to the Andromeda systems through his personal equipment. Rerouting power from non-essential systems. You've got 90 seconds of maximum offensive output before we need to cycle capacitors. The Andromeda dove forward in a maneuver that shouldn't have been possible for a ship that size. Hunt had described it as a heavy cruiser. But watching it move like a fighter craft was surreal. It closed distance with the damaged Ory warship. Its weapons blazing in a coordinated assault pattern that was pure military doctrine refined over centuries. Antiproton beams, missile launches, point defense lasers, all firing in synchronized harmony. The AI ship's damaged shields collapsed entirely under the onslaught, and then the Andromeda's weapons tore into the hole itself. Direct hits across multiple sections, Ramy reported, her voice transmitted from her android body, still standing in the control room. Her eyes glowed with data feed as she processed information from her ship self light years away. Ory vessel's primary power systems are failing, detecting catastrophic energy buildup in their central core. They're going to self-destruct rather than be captured, TLC observed. A tactic the gold employed when defeat was inevitable. Deny the enemy the prize. The AI warship exploded in a silent flash that lit up Earth's orbit. The shock wave expanded outward and the Andromeda had to engage emergency thrusters to avoid being caught in the debris field. One down, two to go. But the remaining AI warships weren't following predictable patterns. Instead of pressing the attack or attempting to destroy the Andromeda, they both turned and began targeting something else. "What are they doing?" Landry demanded. Carter was scanning tactical data, her expression shifting from confusion to horror. "Sir, they're not targeting military assets anymore. They're charging weapons and orienting toward Oh, God. They're targeting population centers. New York, Beijing, London, they're going to bombard the surface. The control room went silent. Everyone understood what that meant. Orbital bombardment from Ary warships could kill billions in minutes. Earth's defense platforms couldn't intercept that kind of firepower. The Andromeda was powerful, but couldn't protect the entire planet. They're trying to force us to surrender, Daniel Convert to origin or watch humanity burn. It's the AI playbook. Crush resistance through overwhelming force, then offer salvation to the survivors. Hunts expression was carved from stone. Tier, you have authorization for Nova bomb deployment. Target both remaining AI vessels. Simultaneous launch. Maximum yield. Even over the calm tier's hesitation was palpable. Captain Nova bombs in Earth orbit. The collateral damage will be less than letting the Ory glass the surface. Hunt interrupted. I'm not asking tier. Execute the order. What's a Nova bomb? O'Neal asked though he suspected he already knew from the name. Commonwealth super weapon, Harper explained, his voice subdued. Antimatter warheads with adaptive yield. They're designed to destroy planets or star systems if necessary. We carry six. There are weapons of last resort. You brought planet killers to Earth orbit. Landre's voice was ice. We brought deterrence. Hunt corrected. And right now that deterrence is the only thing standing between Earth and extinction. General, I need your authorization. This is your planet. If you order me to stand down, I will. But those Ary ships are 30 seconds from firing on civilian targets. The weight of 8 billion lives hung in the balance. Landry stared at the tactical display, watching the Ary warships orient their weapons toward Earth's surface, and O'Neal saw the exact moment his commanding officer made the hardest decision of his career. Fire, Landry said. The Andromeda's missile tubes opened and two projectiles launched simultaneously, moving faster than conventional missiles, leaving trails of disrupted space behind them. The AI warships detected the threat and attempted evasive maneuvers, but Nova bombs weren't designed to miss. Impact double detonations that turned night into day across half of Earth's surface. When the light faded, both Ary warships were simply gone, vaporized at the molecular level by antimatter reactions that released more energy than most suns produced in a year. The debris field began spreading. Chunks of destroyed vessels already burning up in Earth's atmosphere as shooting stars. The silence in the control room was absolute. Fred eliminated. Rammy reported unnecessarily. All AI vessels destroyed. Earth defense platforms are securing orbit. No additional hostile contacts detected. They'd won. Earth had survived. But O'Neal could see the cost in everyone's faces. The Prometheus was crippled, possibly beyond repair. They'd been forced to use weapons of mass destruction in Earth's orbit. The AI would send more ships. This had been a probing attack, not their full fleet. And somewhere, whatever was testing the dimensional crack between universes was still pushing, still trying to break through. Captain Hunt, Landry said, his voice carefully neutral. We need to discuss your ship's weapons capabilities and why you didn't mention you were carrying anti-atter warheads capable of destroying planets. With respect, General, I mentioned we were a Commonwealth warship, Hunt replied evenly. The Glorious Heritage class was designed to project power across three galaxies. Nova bombs are standard armament. I didn't mention them specifically because I never intended to use them. But when the choice is between Earth's survival and keeping secrets, "You made the right call," O'Neal interrupted. "General, we can debrief and argue about disclosure later. Right now, we need to address the bigger problem. The AI came in force specifically to cleanse the Andromeda. They're not going to stop. Next time they'll send more ships, maybe entire fleets. Colonel O'Neal is correct. TLC added, "The Ori's crusade is relentless. Today's victory will only encourage them to commit greater resources to Earth's destruction, which brings us back to the ancient facility," Carter said. She'd pulled up her data from their expedition. We found technology that could seal the dimensional breach, potentially removing the AR's primary motivation for targeting Earth so aggressively, but it requires a zero point module to function. Without that, we can't activate the dimensional repair systems. Landry rubbed his face. Exhaustion and stress evident in every line. Do we have any accessible ZPMs? Negative, Carter replied. We've encountered ZPMs before, but they're either depleted, destroyed, or in use powering critical systems like Atlantis. Getting one would require raiding an ancient facility we haven't discovered yet, or pulling power from something essential. What about the Atlantis expedition? Daniel suggested. They're in the Pegasus galaxy with an entire ancient city. If anyone has access to ZPM technology, Atlantis needs every ZPM they have to maintain the city's shields against Wraith attack. Landry countered. I can request one, but getting approval through the IOA will take weeks, and that's assuming they agree at all. We don't have weeks, Hunt said quietly. According to Ramy's analysis, something is actively trying to break through the dimensional crack we created. We have maybe 72 hours before that breach widens enough for whatever is on the other side to force its way through. If that happens, multiple universes could be at risk. Harper finished. The dimensional barriers are like, think of them as walls between rooms. We punched a hole in one wall. Something on the other side is trying to kick the hole wider. If it succeeds, the wall could collapse entirely and then all the rooms connect. dimensional barriers between multiple universes failing simultaneously. The implications were staggering. O'Neal had faced galaxy ending threats before, the replicators, Anubis with his ancient knowledge, even the AI themselves. But a multiversal collapse that was beyond anything they'd encountered. There has to be another option, Landry insisted. Some other power source we can use. some way to buy more time. Actually, Ramy interjected, her artificial eyes glowing brighter with sudden realization. There may be an alternative. The Andromeda's quantum power generators aren't as efficient as ZPMs, but they use similar principles, extracting energy from quantum vacuum fluctuations. If I interface directly with the ancient dimensional device, I might be able to adapt my power systems to provide sufficient energy for a single might. O'Neal latched on to that word. What are the odds? Approximately 47% chance of success, Ramy admitted. And there are risks. Drawing that much power from my quantum generators could cause catastrophic failures in my primary systems. I might survive intact, or I might suffer irreparable damage to core functions. Hunt's expression made it clear what he thought of those odds and risks. Rammy, you're proposing to potentially sacrifice yourself to seal the dimensional breach. I can't authorize that. Captain, I'm a warship, Ramy replied gently. My purpose is to protect the Commonwealth and its allies. Earth has become an ally. If my sacrifice prevents multiversal catastrophe and allows the crew to survive, "I said no," Hunt interrupted, his voice hard with command authority. We find another way. The tension between Hunt and his ship was palpable. O'Neal recognized it. The burden of command, the weight of making decisions that risked lives. Hunt had already lost one Commonwealth, watched it collapse over three centuries while he was frozen in time. Now he was being asked to risk his ship, his AI partner, to save a universe that wasn't even his own. Dylan Rammy said softly using his first name instead of his rank. You taught me that some causes are worth any risk. The Commonwealth's ideals, protecting civilization, preventing chaos, sacrificing for the greater good. This is one of those moments. Before Hunt could respond, alarms blared throughout Cheyenne Mountain. Haramman's face went pale at Sir, we're detecting a massive energy spike at the dimensional breach location. Whatever's on the other side, it's making a major push. The breach is widening rapidly. On the main screen, sensor data showed the dimensional crack spreading like lightning through glass. Fractures in spaceime multiplying with geometric progression. Time estimate. At current rate of expansion, 12 hours, Carter said, her voice hollow, not 72. 12. Whatever's coming through, it's accelerated its timeline. The mission parameters had just collapsed. No time for IOA approval. No time to search for alternative ZPMs, no time for careful planning or risk assessment, Ramy, Hunt said quietly. And O'Neal could hear the weight of centuries in that single word. If you do this, if you sacrifice yourself, I need a promise from you. Promise me you're not doing this because you think the ship is expendable. Promise me you're doing it because it's the right choice, not because you think you're less important than the organic crew. Ramy met her captain's gaze, and there was something remarkably human in her artificial features. I promise, Dylan. I'm doing this because I'm a ship of the high guard. And this is what we do. We stand the line. We protect those who can't protect themselves. We make the hard choices so others don't have to. That's who we are. That's who you taught me to be. Hunt closed his eyes briefly and when he opened them, the decision was made. Then we do it. We take the Andromeda to the ancient facility. You interface with the dimensional device and we seal that breach before whatever's on the other side breaks through. No alternatives, no backup plans. We commit everything. That's insane, Landry said flatly. Captain, you're talking about moving your only ship, Earth's most powerful defensive asset, away from the planet right after an AI attack. If they return while you're gone, then Earth's defenses will have to hold without us. Hunt replied. General, I understand the risk. But if that dimensional breach widens, if something catastrophic comes through, Earth won't matter. Nothing will matter. The entire structure of reality could collapse. That's not hyperbole. That's mathematical certainty based on ancient research. Landry looked at O'Neal, searching for guidance. O'Neal wanted to argue, wanted to find some magical solution that saved everyone and everything. But 8 years of command had taught him that sometimes there were no good options, only less terrible ones. He's right, O'Neal said heavily. We take the shot. We seal the breach. We deal with the consequences later, assuming there is a later. The decision made, the room erupted into organized chaos. Orders were issued. Teams assembled. Tactical plans formulated at lightning speed. The Andromeda would need to move to the ancient facilities location. Requiring slipstream drive, which didn't work, so they'd have to use conventional FTL, which would take hours. They barely had. No, wait. O'Neal's tactical mind caught on something. Harper, does the Andromeda fit through the Stargate? Harper blinked. What? No, of course not. The gates may be 7 m in diameter. The Andromeda is over a kilometer long. You can't possibly. But you can beam down to the ancient facility, right? O'Neal pressed. Your transport technology. It works planetto planet within range. Yeah. But Harper's eyes went wide as he understood. Oh. Oh, that's brilliant and insane. We gate to the facility, beam Ramy and the necessary equipment down from orbit. She interfaces with the ancient device using power transmitted from the Andromeda in orbit above the planet, which keeps the ship mobile and able to return to Earth quickly if needed. Carter finished, excitement creeping into her voice It could work. The ancient facility already has power conduits designed to handle massive energy transfers. We just need to adapt them to accept Commonwealth power transmission. Do it, Landry ordered. SG1, you're going back through with Captain Hunt and his people. Get that ancient device ready to receive power. Harper Ramy, you coordinate the technical specifications. We've got maybe 10 hours before that breach tears itself wide open. Make it count. As the team scrambled to prepare, O'Neal found himself standing next to TLC. Both of them watching the tactical displays showing the spreading dimensional crack. We're betting everything on ancient technology we barely understand, powered by Commonwealth systems we've never seen before to seal a breach between universes that shouldn't exist, O'Neal observed. Indeed, TLC replied. It is, as you would say, a typical SG1 mission. Despite everything, O'Neal almost smiled. When did our lives get this weird? Approximately 8 years ago, when we first stepped through the Stargate. Fair point. They had 10 hours to save multiple universes. The clock was ticking. The return trip through the Stargate to P7X 392 was faster but more tense. This time SG1 was joined by a full engineering team. Six of Earth's best technicians handpicked by Carter along with Hunt Harper and Rammy. The Commonwealth captain had left here in command of the Andromeda with explicit orders. Keep the ship in Earth orbit until the dimensional device was ready. then moved to high orbit above P7X 392 on his signal. They emerged into the ancient facility's gate room, and this time the lights were on, dim emergency lighting, but better than the pitch darkness of their first visit. The facility's AI had accepted their presence after the near catastrophic activation incident, and the systems were now in standby mode, waiting. "Okay, people, we're on the clock," O'Neal announced as the team spread out. Carter, your lead on getting that dimensional device ready for power input. Harper, you coordinate with her on the Commonwealth side. Rammy, you're the bridge between ancient and commonwealth tech. Everyone else, you follow orders and try not to touch anything that might accidentally destroy reality. Questions? Just one, Daniel said, hefting his pack full of recording equipment. While the engineers work, I'd like to explore deeper into the facility. The ancient texts we found suggest this place contains research archives. If we're going to use their technology, we should understand what we're really dealing with. Take TLC with you, O'Neal ordered. This place gave us defensive system problems before. I don't want you triggering something nasty because you read the wrong inscription. I shall ensure Daniel Jackson does not inadvertently activate any reality destroying devices, TLC said with complete sincerity. As Daniel and TLC headed deeper into the facility, the engineering team descended on the dimensional phase shifter-like surgeons around an operating table. The device sat in the center of the massive chamber, its ring still and silent, waiting for the power that would either save two universes or tear them both apart. Carter was in her element, scanning the ancient control interfaces, while Harper cross-referenced Commonwealth power transmission protocols. "The ancient systems use a form of wireless energy transfer," Carter explained, gesturing to the dormant power conduits in the floor. "When the facility was operational, it drew power from multiple ZPMs distributed throughout the structure. We need to adapt these conduits to accept a focused energy beam from the Andromeda in orbit. That's actually not as crazy as it sounds, Harper said. His fingers flying across a handheld Commonwealth computer. The Andromeda uses directed energy weapons all the time. We're basically asking Ramy to shoot the planet with a really precise, really controlled beam instead of blowing it up. The ancient conduits should be able to absorb and redirect that energy to the dimensional device. Should being the operative word, O'Neal observed. Hey, I'm working with alien technology from a parallel universe trying to interface with million-year-old ancient systems. Harper shot back. is about the best we're going to get. You want guarantees? Call someone else. Ramy had interfaced directly with the ancient control panel, her android eyes glowing as data streamed through her consciousness. The ancient AI is providing me with access to dimensional research archives. Captain Hunt, you should see this. Hunt moved to stand beside his ship's avatar. What did you find? The ancients didn't just study dimensional barriers. They mapped them, Ramy explained. Holographic displays materialized above the control panel, showing what appeared to be a three-dimensional web of interconnected universes. This is a dimensional topology map. Each node represents a separate universe. The connections between them show natural dimensional boundaries. And here she highlighted a specific section where the web showed damage. This is where our arrival created the breach. The breach looked like a tear in fabric with multiple universes boundaries stressed and weakening around the damage point. But what caught everyone's attention was what lay beyond the breach. What is that? Hunt asked, his voice quiet with concern. On the other side of the tear, something moved. The holographic representation showed it as a massive presence pressing against the dimensional barrier from the outside. It wasn't a ship or a specific entity. It was more like a force, a tide of something that existed in the space between universes. The ancients called it the void, Ramy said, accessing translated text from the database. Not empty space, but the absence of the space between dimensional frameworks where the normal laws of physics break down entirely. It exists in the gaps between universes and it's hungry. It consumes dimensional barriers, feeds on the collapse of stable realities. You're saying our dimensional breach is attracting some kind of cosmic predator? Carter asked, her scientific curiosity waring with horror. More like we rang a dinner bell, Harper said grimly. The breach is leaking energy from both our universes into the void. That energy is drawing the void's attention, and now it's pushing through, trying to widen the crack so it can feed more efficiently. "Then we seal the breach before it breaks through completely," Hunt said with command finality. "How long until the Andromeda is in position?" Ramy's eyes flickered. "The ship is on route now using maximum sublight thrust. Tier estimates arrival in 3 hours. However, Captain, I must inform you of a complication. The void's pressure on the dimensional barrier is accelerating. My previous estimate of 10 to 12 hours was optimistic. We now have approximately 6 hours before catastrophic barrier collapse. The timeline was compressing faster than they could work. O'Neal saw the calculation running through everyone's minds. 3 hours until the ship arrived. 6 hours until reality collapsed, leaving them a 3-hour margin that was probably optimistic. Then we work faster, O'Neal said. Carter Harper, what do you need to prep the ancient device? We need to recalibrate the power conduits to accept Commonwealth energy frequencies, Carter replied, already moving to different sections of the device with her ancient technology scanner. That's going to require accessing subsystems throughout the facility, rerouting power pathways, and essentially rebuilding the entire energy distribution network. In other words, a lot of work in not much time. Harper translated, "Boss, I'm going to need help. Like all the help, every engineer we brought needs to be on this, plus Ramy coordinating through the ancient systems. You have it." Hunt Ramy, full support to the engineering team. Prioritize success over caution. We don't have time for careful testing. Understood, Captain. Rammy turned to the assembled engineers. I'm uploading technical specifications to your tablets now. Each of you will be responsible for a specific subsystem. Follow the instructions precisely. The ancient systems are robust, but they're also 10,000 years old. Improvisation could trigger defensive protocols or structural failures. The engineering team scattered throughout the chamber, each heading to assigned stations. The facility came alive with activity. Engineers accessing ancient control panels, handheld scanners probing dormant conduits, the soft hum of reactivating technology filling the air. Hunt. Both of them watching their people work with organized urgency. Your ship, O'Neal said after a moment, Ramy. You really think there's a 47% chance she survives this intact? Honestly, Hunt replied quietly. I think the odds are worse than that. She's being optimistic for the crew's sake. The amount of power required to seal a dimensional breach transmitted through systems that were never designed for that kind of load. I'd estimate survival chances closer to 20%. And you're letting her do it anyway. I'm ordering her to do it, Hunt corrected, his voice heavy with the weight of command. Because she's right, this is what the High Guard does. We stand the line. We make the sacrifices others can't or won't. 300 years ago, I watched the Commonwealth fall because too many people decided their personal survival mattered more than collective responsibility. I won't repeat that mistake. O'Neal understood. He'd made similar choices over the years. Sent teams on suicide missions, authorized operations with terrible odds, sacrificed pieces on the board to save the game. Command meant carrying the weight of those decisions forever. For what it's worth, O'Neal said she's a hell of a ship. Most AI I've encountered are either trying to kill us or too alien to really connect with. But Ramy, she's got more humanity than some humans I know. She learned it from her crew, Hunt replied. From Beik's compassion, Harper's enthusiasm, even Tier's brutal honesty. From me trying to teach Commonwealth ideals while we flew through a galaxy that had rejected them. She's the best of all of us, Colonel, and we're about to risk losing her. Before O'Neal could respond, TLC's voice crackled through the radio. O'Neal, you must come to our position immediately. Daniel Jackson has discovered something significant. Define significant, O'Neal replied. Already moving toward the corridor where Daniel and TLC had gone exploring. Ancient research logs detailing previous dimensional breaches and their outcomes. You need to see this. O'Neal and Hunt exchanged glances, then both ran. They found Daniel in what appeared to be an archive chamber surrounded by holographic ancient text floating in midair. The archaeologist's face was pale and his hands trembled slightly as he manipulated the displays. Jack, this facility wasn't just for research, Daniel said without preamble. It was a containment site. The ancients dealt with dimensional breaches before multiple times, and every single breach attracted the void. We already knew that, O'Neal said. Rammy found the dimensional topology map, but what the map doesn't show is what happened after the ancients sealed those breaches, Daniel interrupted. He pulled up a new holographic display showing ancient text with what appeared to be incident reports. They sealed seven-dimensional breaches over a period of 5,000 years. Each time they successfully repaired the dimensional barrier, each time they thought the problem was solved, but it wasn't, Hunt said, understanding where this was going. The void remembers, Daniel confirmed. It's not just a mindless force. It's intelligent or at least persistent. Each breach they sealed left a weak point, a scar in the dimensional fabric. And the void keeps coming back to those scars, testing them, trying to break through again. This facility was built here specifically because this location sits at the intersection of multiple previous breach attempts. The ancients were preparing for an eventual catastrophic failure. TLC stood beside a particular display, his expression grave. There is more, O'Neal. The final ancient research log recorded approximately 10,000 years ago states that the scientists here concluded that sealing dimensional breaches was only a temporary solution. The void's pressure on the barriers was increasing. They predicted that eventually the accumulated damage would reach a critical threshold and the dimensional barriers would fail completely across How long did they estimate before that failure? Hunt asked. Their calculation suggested approximately 10,000 years, Daniel said quietly. From the date of that final log, which means we're at the critical threshold now, O'Neal finished. Our breach didn't just create one crack. It's potentially the tipping point that triggers systemic failure across the entire dimensional barrier network. The implications were staggering. They weren't just fixing one problem. They were trying to prevent a cascade collapse that the ancients had predicted and feared for 10 millennia. Did the ancients propose any solutions? Hunt demanded. Daniel scrolled through more text, his expression growing more hopeless. They had three options. One, ascend to a higher plane of existence where dimensional barriers don't apply, escaping the problem entirely. Two, find a way to permanently reinforce all dimensional barriers across all universes simultaneously, which would require technology and resources beyond even ancient capabilities. Three, let the barriers collapse and hope that whatever multiversal amalgamation results is survivable. Those aren't options, O'Neal said flatly. Those are surrender scenarios. The ancients ascended, which was option one, running away. Option two is impossible. Option three is extinction. There is a fourth possibility they did not consider, TLC observed. They assumed the void was an inevitable consequence of dimensional physics. But what if it is not natural? What if the void itself is a created phenomenon, perhaps a weapon or failed experiment from an even older civilization? If that's true, Hunt said slowly, then it could potentially be stopped. Not by sealing breaches, but by addressing the source, destroying or containing the void itself. Except we have no idea what the void actually is, where it came from, or how to fight something that exists in the space between realities. Daniel pointed out. And we have about 5 hours before it breaks through and starts consuming both our universes. O'Neal's radio crackled with Carter's voice. Colonel, we've completed the power conduit modifications. The ancient device is ready to receive energy transmission from the Andromeda, but sir Harper and I have been reviewing the energy requirements. The amount of power needed to seal the breach is it's going to push the Andromeda systems beyond safe operational limits. Define beyond safe limits, Hunt replied over the channel. There's a 73% chance of catastrophic reactor failure, Harper's voice added. And if the reactors go, the Andromeda doesn't just lose power, she explodes. We're talking antimatter containment breach, nova bomb level detonation. Everyone on the ship dies instantly and probably everyone on this planet too. The silence that followed was absolute. Ramy's voice joined the channel calm and measured. Captain Hunt, I have reviewed the calculations. Harper and Major Carter are correct. However, I believe I can manage the power distribution efficiently enough to reduce catastrophic failure probability to approximately 40%. Still unacceptably high by normal operational standards, but given the stakes, 40% chance the ship explodes, Hunt said flatly. And if it doesn't explode, you still have less than 20% chance of surviving with core functions intact. Those are the actual odds we're working with. Yes, Captain. Hunt closed his eyes briefly. O'Neal recognized the expression. The moment when a commander realizes there's no good choice, only varying degrees of terrible, and still has to make a decision that will haunt them forever. "Is there any alternative?" Hunt asked, his voice barely above a whisper. "Anything we haven't considered." "Sir, I've been thinking about what TLC said," Carter replied. "About the void potentially being artificial. If it is, if there's some kind of intelligence or control mechanism behind it, then maybe we don't need to seal the breach. Maybe we need to communicate with the void. Find out what it wants. See if there's a way to stop it that doesn't require potentially destroying Communicate with a cosmic horror that feeds on dimensional barriers. Harper's voice carried clear skepticism. That's your plan. That's like trying to negotiate with a black hole. It doesn't care about your feelings. It just consumes. Unless it has a purpose, Daniel interjected. He was still reviewing ancient texts, pulling up new information. Wait, wait. There's something here. The ancients documented one breach where they attempted communication. They detected patterns in the voids probing. Not random testing, but systematic analysis. like it was searching for something specific. Searching for what? O'Neal demanded. The text is fragmentaryary, but the ancients theorized the void was looking for something it lost or someone. The research log mentions the unmade and the first who fell. It's almost religious language, which is unusual for ancient scientific records. TLCs expression shifted to deep concern. The AI spoke of beings who fell from grace, who were unmade by the others. Could there be a connection? The AI are ascended beings from our universe, Hunt said. But ascension implies dimensional transcendence. What if there are beings who existed before universes had stable barriers? What if the void is the remnant of a civilization that existed before reality itself was properly separated into distinct universes? The theory was insane. It was also potentially true. And if it was true, it changed everything. If the void is intelligent, if it's searching for something, Hunt said slowly. Then maybe we can offer it what it wants. Or at least distract it long enough to seal the breach without it fighting back. Captain, I must advise against attempting communication with an entity that exists beyond dimensional barriers, Ramy interjected. The information hazard alone could an alarm cut through the discussion. Not the facility's alarms, but something transmitted through their radios from the surface teams. Sir, we're detecting massive energy fluctuations at the dimensional breach location. One of Carter's engineers reported, panic creeping into his voice. The void isn't waiting anymore. It's pushing through now. Estimated time to catastrophic breach, 1 hour, maybe less. The timeline had just collapsed completely. No more time for debate, for alternate plans, for careful consideration. Tier, Hunt said into his radio. Bring the Andromeda to high orbit above P7X 392 immediately. Emergency thrust. Ignore safety protocols. We need that ship in position now. Already on route, Captain Tier replied. Estimated arrival 45 minutes. Though I should note that pushing the engines this hard risks damage even before we attempt the power transmission. Noted and accepted. Get here tier. That's an order. Hunt turned to O'Neal. And in that moment, they weren't officers from different They were just two commanders who'd been pushed beyond the breaking point and still had to function. Colonel, I need your authorization, Hunt said. The Andromeda will be operating in this system space using weaponsgrade power levels to energize ancient technology on a planet we barely understand. If this goes wrong, if my ship explodes or the ancient device fails catastrophically, this entire solar system could be damaged. I need Earth's permission to proceed despite those risks. O'Neal thought about the billions of people on Earth, about the countless worlds connected through the Stargate network, about two entire universes hanging in the balance. He thought about Ramy's 40% survival chance and Hunts willingness to sacrifice his ship to save a universe that wasn't his own. "You have my authorization," O'Neal said. And captain, if your ship survives this, if Ramy survives this, Earth owes the Commonwealth a debt we can never fully repay. If we survive, Hunt replied, we<unk>ll just be grateful to still exist. They had less than an hour to save reality itself. The endgame was beginning. The Andromeda Ascendant emerged from the darkness of space like a vengeful angel, its hole gleaming in the light of P7X 392's sun. From the ancient facil's external sensors, O'Neal watched the Commonwealth warship take up position in high orbit. Weapon systems powered down, but reactor output climbing to levels that made Carter's scanning equipment scream warnings. Andromeda is in position, Ramy announced from her station at the Dimensional Devices control panel. Her android eyes blazed with light as she synchronized with her ship self in orbit. Quantum power generators are at maximum output. Preparing to initiate directed energy transmission on your mark. Captain Hunt stood at the center of the chamber surrounded by ancient technology and Earth engineers bearing the weight of 300 crew members and two Status report. I want to know exactly what we're working with before we commit. Carter stepped forward, tablet in hand. Sir, the ancient device is as ready as we can make it. All power conduits have been recalibrated to accept Commonwealth energy frequencies. The dimensional repair sequence is loaded and standing by. However, she hesitated, I need to be honest about the risks. We're using million-year-old technology in ways it was never designed for, powered by an energy source from another universe. The margin for error is essentially zero. 47 minutes until the void breaks through completely, Harper added. His usual enthusiasm buried under obvious fear. The dimensional barrier is fracturing faster now like it knows we're preparing to seal it and it's pushing harder. Once we start the repair sequence, we're committed. No stopping, no course corrections. We either succeed or we fail And if we fail," O'Neal asked, though he suspected he already knew. "Bestcase scenario, the ancient device overloads and this facility is destroyed," Harper Worst case, the power feedback creates an uncontrolled dimensional rupture that spreads like a crack in glass across multiple universal boundaries. Could potentially destabilize dimensional barriers across thousands of universes simultaneously. So no pressure, O'Neal muttered. TLC stood at parade rest near the entrance. Staff weapon held ready. If the dimensional breach widens before we conceal it, what will emerge? The void, Daniel said. He brought up ancient research logs on portable displays, text scrolling as he speedread translations. According to the ancients observations, the void doesn't just consume dimensional barriers. It consumes Matter, energy, space, time, all of it gets broken down into undifferentiated potential. Whatever the void touches ceases to exist in any meaningful sense. Sounds like ascension, but in reverse, O'Neal observed. That's actually a remarkable insight, Jack. Daniel replied, his archaeologist mind clearly working through implications. Even now ascension is transcending physical form to become pure energy. The void might be the opposite reducing everything to a state before form before differentiation. Like cosmic entropy accelerated to infinity. Fascinating philosophy. Hunt interrupted. But right now I need tactical assessments, not metaphysics. Tier status of the Andromeda's crew. Tears voice came through the comm system carrying his characteristic blend of confidence and cynicism. All non-essential personnel are in escape pods, ready to launch on your command. Bea is at the helm with a skeleton flight crew. Engineering teams are standing by at the quantum reactors. We're as prepared as we'll ever be, Captain. Though I should note that asking me to coordinate a potential ship abandonment while you're on the surface is deeply ironic. noted. Hunt said dryly. If the power transmission fails and the reactors go critical, you have standing orders to evacuate all crew and get clear of the blast radius and leave you and Harper stranded on the planet. Tier's voice carried genuine objection. That's not acceptable, Captain. That's an order, Tier. The mission is to seal the breach and preserve the crew. If we fail, if I don't make it back, the Andromeda and her crew are your Restore the Commonwealth. That's always been the mission. The silence that followed spoke volumes about the relationship between the two men. Despite their philosophical differences, despite Tier's Nichian pragmatism clashing with Hunts idealism, there was genuine respect and perhaps even affection. Understood, Captain Tier finally replied. But for the record, I find your contingency planning unnecessarily pessimistic. "We're going to succeed. You're going to return to the ship, and then we're all going to have a very long discussion about proper risk assessment protocols." "I'll look forward to it," Hunt said with a slight smile. Carter's ancient scanner emitted a sharp warning tone. "Sir, the dimensional breach just widened by another 3%. The collapse is accelerating exponentially. We're down to maybe 30 minutes. Then we start now, Hunt decided. Rammy, initiate power transmission sequence. All personnel not directly involved in the operation evacuate to minimum safe distance. The Earth engineers retreated toward the corridor leading to the gate room, leaving only Carter, Harper, Ramy, Hunt, and SG1 in the main chamber. O'Neal caught Landre's voice over the radio. transmitted from Cheyenne Mountain. Colonel, we're tracking energy readings from the Andromeda that are off the charts. Whatever you're about to do is incredibly dangerous and probably insane, O'Neal confirmed. Yeah, we know. If this works, we save two universes. If it doesn't, you'll know because reality will start collapsing. might want to have the self-destruct ready for the Stargate program just in case we make things worse. That's not funny, Jack. Landry replied. I wasn't joking, sir. O'Neal out. Ramy's android body had become perfectly still. Her entire consciousness focused on the task at hand. High above in orbit, the Andromeda's quantum reactors reached critical output levels. Energy levels that would normally power weapons capable of destroying moons were instead focused, controlled, directed downward in a beam so precise it was invisible to the naked eye. The ancient facility's power conduits began to glow. Faint at first, then brighter, then brilliant with barely contained energy. The dimensional device at the chamber center activated, rings beginning to rotate with increasing speed. Ancient symbols lit up in sequence around the devices circumference, each one representing a layer of dimensional physics beyond human comprehension. Power transmission stable, Harper reported, his eyes fixed on Commonwealth readouts. Energy flow is within acceptable parameters. The ancient conduits are holding. So far so good. Dimensional repair sequence initiating, Carter added. The device is scanning the breach location, mapping the damaged dimensional barrier structure. It's my god, the complexity. The dimensional topology is fractal barriers within barriers, each layer supporting the others. The breach we created damaged multiple layers The rings of the dimensional device spun faster, creating a blur of motion that hurt to look at directly. Energy crackled between the components, and the air itself seemed to shimmer and O'Neal's vision blurred briefly, and for a moment, he could see overlapping versions of the chamber again. Echoes of other realities pressing close. Breach location detected, Ramy announced. The void is attempting to interfere with the scan. It's aware of what we're doing. It's fighting back. as if in response to her words, the facility shook. Not a physical earthquake, but something deeper. A vibration in the fundamental structure of space itself. Dust fell from the ancient ceiling. Warning lights flared across ancient control panels. "The void is pushing through," Daniel said, his voice tight. "It's not waiting for the breach to widen naturally. It's forcing its way in." On the holographic displays, the dimensional barrier map updated in real time. The crack that the Andromeda's arrival had created was spreading like lightning through glass. Fractures multiplying exponentially. And behind those fractures, something massive and incomprehensible was pressing forward. Ramy, we need to accelerate the repair sequence, Hunt ordered. Can we increase power transmission? Negative, Captain. The Andromeda is already operating at maximum safe output. Any additional power draw risks antimatter containment failure. Current reactor stress levels are at 93% of critical threshold. Then we work with what we have, Hunt replied. Continue the sequence. How long until the device can begin actual dimensional repairs? 60 seconds to complete the scan and establish quantum lock on the breach location. Rammy calculated, then approximately 3 minutes for the repair sequence itself. But, Captain, the void will break through in less than 2 minutes. We're going to be repairing the dimensional barrier while the void is actively pushing through it, like trying to patch a dam while the flood is already breaching, Carter said. The strain on the device on the Andromeda's reactors. The facility shook again, harder this Ancient architecture groaned with stress it hadn't experienced in 10,000 years. One of the power conduits sparked, energy discharge arcing across the chamber. TLC moved instantly, pulling Daniel away from the nearest conduit before it could discharge again. Conduitwit 7 showing stress fractures, Harper reported, his voice climbing with panic. If that conduit fails, the whole power grid could cascade. We'd lose energy transmission capability and the device would shut down. Can you reroute power around it? Hunt demanded. Already on it. Harper's fingers flew across his handheld computer, accessing the ancient control systems through interfaces Ramy had opened. Rerouting through backup conduits. Got it. Power flow stabilized, but we've lost about 15% efficiency. The repair sequence is going to take longer now. How much longer? 4 minutes instead of three. And Captain, I don't think we have 4 minutes. As if the universe itself was confirming Harper's assessment, reality tour. The dimensional breach until now a distant phenomenon measurable only by sensors and ancient scanning technology suddenly became visible. In the center of the chamber, above the spinning rings of the dimensional device, a crack appeared in the air itself. Not a physical wound, but a rupture in the fabric of existence. Through that crack, O'Neal could see nothing. Not darkness, not empty space, but absolute absence. The negation of reality. The void had arrived. Breach manifestation in the facility. Carter shouted over alarms that were now blaring throughout the ancient structure. The dimensional barrier has failed locally. The void is beginning to leak through. The crack widened and tendrils of non-existence began to extend into the chamber. Where they touched ancient metal, the metal didn't corrode or melt. It simply ceased to be, vanishing into non-existence as if it had never existed at all. Rammy, we need that quantum lock now. Hunt commanded. 30 seconds, Ramy replied, her voice strained despite its artificial nature. The device is fighting spatial distortion from the void's presence. Dimensional coordinates keep shifting. I need more time. We don't have more time. O'Neal drew his P90, knowing it was completely useless against a cosmic force, but needing to do something. Can we slow it down? Disrupt it somehow? Energy weapons might interact with the dimensional instability, Carter said, her scientific mind racing. Not to damage the void, we can't hurt it, but to create localized spatial distortions that could slow its expansion into our space. Do it, O'Neal ordered. SG1 weapons free. Aim for the space around the brereech, not the brereech itself. Make it work for every inch. P90 rounds tore through the chamber, kinetic projectiles, disrupting space around the expanding crack. TLCS staff weapon added plasma bolts to the mix. Hunt drew his force lance and fired concentrated energy packets. The weapon's fire didn't stop the void's expansion, but it did slow it, creating turbulence in the dimensional instability that the void had to push through. Quantum lock established. Ramy announced initiating dimensional repair sequence. The device is targeting the breach at its source point attempting to force the dimensional barriers back into proper alignment. The spinning rings of the dimensional device suddenly stopped, hanging motionless in the air for one impossible moment. Then they began to collapse inward, folding in on themselves in geometries that shouldn't exist in three-dimensional space. Energy poured through the device. Power from the Andromeda translated through ancient technology into something that could reshape reality itself. The crack in space began to seal. Not quickly, not easily, but slowly, inexurably, the tear in existence was being forced closed. The tendrils of non-being retreated, pulled back as the dimensional barriers reasserted themselves. But the void wasn't giving up. Captain, reactor stress levels just hit 105%. Tears voice crackled urgently over the calm antimatter containment is fluctuating. If we maintain current power output for more than 90 seconds, catastrophic failure becomes probability rather than possibility. How long until the repair sequence completes? Hunt demanded. 2 minutes minimum, Ramy replied. The void is resisting. It's pushing back against the dimensional repair with increasing force. I'm having to compensate by increasing power draw from the Andromeda, which is killing the reactors, Harper said, his face pale. Boss, we're going to lose the ship. The math doesn't work. We can't maintain this power level long enough to finish the repair. Hunt's expression went through a dozen calculations in seconds. O'Neal recognized it. The moment when a commander realizes the mission requires a sacrifice they can't bear to make. Rammy Hunt said quietly transfer auxiliary power from your android body to the dimensional device. Routed through the ancient control systems directly. Captain that would drain my android avatar completely. Ramy replied. I would lose consciousness in this body and the power gain would only buy us 15 to 20 additional seconds. 20 seconds might be enough, Hunt Do it, Dylan. No, Harper interjected. If Ramy goes offline down here and the ship's reactors fail, we lose her completely. She won't be able to transfer her consciousness back to the Andromeda's core. She'll die. I'm aware of the risk, Mr. Harper, Hunt said, his voice carrying absolute command authority. Ramy, that's an order. Ramy's android body turned to face her captain fully, and for the first time, O'Neal saw something that looked like real emotion cross her artificial features. Not fear, she'd already accepted the possibility of destruction, something closer to pride. It has been an honor serving with you, Captain Dylan Hunt, Ramy said. You taught me what it means to be more than a machine. You taught me about duty, sacrifice, and the ideals worth fighting for. "If this is where my service ends, I can think of no better cause." "This isn't where it ends," Hunt replied, but his voice cracked slightly. "This is where we save two universes together." "Now execute the order, Avatar." Ram's eyes blazed one final time and then her android body went rigid as she transferred every ounce of power from her internal systems into the ancient dimensional device. The effect was immediate. Energy flow through the conduits increased by 15%. The repair sequence accelerated. The dimensional crack sealed faster. Ramy's body collapsed. Hunt caught her before she hit the ground, cradling his ship's avatar with a tenderness that transcended the mechanical nature of her form. "Scare completion," Carter announced, tears streaming down her face as she watched the emotional tableau. "The dimensional barriers are realigning. The breach is closing." Andromeda reactor stress at 118%, tier reported grimly. Containment fields failing. Captain, you need to evacuate now. We have maybe 45 seconds before the transmission cut off with a burst of static. Tear Hunt shouted into his radio. Tear respond. Silence. Reactor containment has failed, Harper said, his voice hollow as he read Commonwealth telemetry on his handheld computer. The Andromeda is going critical. Antimatter breach in progress. Captain, the ship is about to explode. Time seemed to slow. Hunt held Ramy's unconscious android body, staring at the dimensional device that was still working, still sealing the breach, still drawing power from a ship that was moments away from detonation. 300 crew members aboard the Andromeda, Tier, Beika, the engineering teams, everyone who had followed Hunt across universes on an impossible quest to restore the Commonwealth. They were about to die. All of them no. Hunt said softly. Then louder. And no. He laid Ramy's body down gently and ran to the ancient control panel, his hands moving across the interface with desperate speed. The Andromeda has transport capabilities, beaming technology. If I can access it through the ancient systems, if I can trigger an emergency evacuation. The ship is exploding, Harper said, grabbing Hunt's shoulder. Boss, there's no time. There's always time, Hunt shouted. His hands flew across the ancient interface, the genetic memory downloaded from the repository, giving him instinctive understanding of systems he'd never seen before. Ancient technology includes matter transmission. The Stargate is matter transmission. I can bridge the two systems. Use the ancient facilities power to boost the Andromeda's transport range. Beam the entire crew down here before the ship. Light exploded across every screen. High above P7X392, the Andromeda Ascendants antimatter containment finally failed completely. For one brilliant moment, a new sun blazed in orbit. The total conversion of matter into energy. The death of a Commonwealth warship. The funeral p of an impossible dream. Hunts hands froze on the ancient control panel. The dimensional device completed its repair sequence. The breach sealed with a final pulse of energy. Reality stabilized. Dimensional barriers restored. The void pushed back to its prison between universes. The mission was complete. The Andromeda ascendant was gone. And Hunt's crew, 300 people who had trusted him, followed him, believed in his vision of a restored commonwealth, had died in the explosion. The silence in the chamber was absolute. Hunt slowly removed his hands from the ancient control panel, staring at the display that now showed only empty space where his ship had been. His expression was carved from stone, all emotion locked down behind command discipline. That was all he had left. Captain, O'Neal said softly, moving to stand beside the Commonwealth officer. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. Hunt didn't respond. He just stared at the screens showing his ship's final moments played back in sensor recordings. The explosion, the debris field, the absolute confirmation that there were no survivors, no escape pods, no miraculous last second rescue. The Andromeda ascendant and all aboard were gone. Daniel stepped forward, his voice gentle. Dylan, you saved two universes. You stopped the void. You gave your life's work, your ship, your crew, everything to preserve billions of lives across dimensional barriers. That's that's the definition of heroism. It's the definition of failure, Hunt replied quietly. His voice was dead, emotionless, the sound of a man who had just lost everything for the second time in his life. 300 years ago, I watched the Commonwealth fall while I was frozen in time, unable to help. Now I've watched 300 people die while I stood here, still unable to help. What kind of captain can't save his own crew? The kind of captain who makes impossible choices, Tilc said, his deep voice carrying weight. I have led warriors to their deaths, Dylan Hunt. I have ordered missions where survival was unlikely. Every leader who commands in battle carries those ghosts. But your crew chose to follow you. They chose to stand with you against the void. They died fulfilling a mission they believed in. That is not failure. That is sacrifice. Before Hunt could respond, a sound broke the silence. A familiar sound that in any other context would have been joyful. The Stargate was activating. Everyone spun toward the gate room where chevrons were locking in sequence, the event horizon forming with its characteristic whoosh. But the gate wasn't receiving an incoming wormhole. It was establishing an outgoing connection on its own. That's impossible, Carter said, already running toward the gate room with her scanner. The gate doesn't dial itself. Someone would have to manually input coordinates. She stopped dead in the gate room entrance, staring. Figures were emerging from the event horizon. People in Commonwealth uniforms looking disoriented but alive. Tier came through first carrying an injured engineer. Then Beika supporting a crew member who was clutching a broken arm. Then more and more, a steady stream of Commonwealth crew materializing through the Stargate. What? Hunt couldn't finish the sentence, couldn't process what he was seeing. Harper was frantically checking his handheld computer, pulling up data logs. Boss, the ancient control panel. When you were trying to access the transport system, you didn't just trigger the Andromeda's beaming technology. You rerouted it through the Stargate network. You turned the entire gate system into a massive transporter array. When the ship exploded, the ancient systems were already locked onto every crew member's bio signature. They beamed everyone through the Stargate to safety. I Hunt stared at the impossible sight of his crew, his people alive and stumbling through the Stargate in groups. I didn't know if it would work. I just I had to try. Well, it worked, Beika said as she crossed the gate room toward Hunt. Her face was smudged with soot, her uniform torn, but she was grinning through obvious pain. Don't know how, don't care. One second, we're about to die in a reactor explosion. Next second, we're dematerializing and rematerializing here. Captain, that was the craziest save I've ever seen. And I've seen some crazy saves. Tears set down the engineer he'd been carrying and approached Hunt with his characteristic predatory grace. Captain, the Andromeda is destroyed. The ship Ramy is gone. We're stranded in this universe with no means of returning home, no vessel, no resources beyond what we carry. By any objective measure, we've lost everything. Hunt looked at his first officer, waiting for the other shoe to drop. Tears expression shifted into something that might have been a smile. And yet, we're alive. 300 crew members survived against impossible odds because you refused to accept defeat. That's worth acknowledging. So, I'll say it once, Captain, and never again. You were right. The Commonwealth's ideals, sacrifice, duty, fighting for others, even at cost to yourself, they're worth preserving. Even here, even in an alien universe, the last of the crew emerged through the Stargate and the event horizon collapsed. 300 Commonwealth personnel stood in the ancient facility, alive against all probability, saved by technology they barely understood, wielded by a captain who had refused to give up. O'Neal watched Hunt slowly comprehend what had happened, watched the weight lift slightly from the man's shoulders as he realized his crew had survived. It wasn't a complete victory. The Andromeda was still gone. Ramy's avatar was still unconscious and possibly damaged beyond repair. And they were still stranded in an alien universe. But they were alive. General Landry O'Neal said into his radio, "I think we're going to need some emergency housing arrangements. We just acquired 300 house guests from another universe and they're going to need somewhere to stay. I don't even want to know how that happened." Landry replied, but acknowledged. We'll make arrangements. Did you seal the breach? O'Neal looked at the dimensional device, now dark and silent. Its mission complete. He looked at the sensor displays showing stable dimensional barriers. The void pushed back. Reality preserved. Yeah, sir. O'Neal confirmed. We sealed the breach. Two universes saved. One Commonwealth warship destroyed, 300 miraculous survivors, and one unconscious ship AI who needs serious medical attention. Just another day in the Stargate program. Get your people home, Colonel. Well done. As the comm channel closed, Hunt was moving through his crew, checking on injuries, offering words of comfort, being the captain they needed. The weight of command still pressed on him. It always would, but he carried it with the quiet dignity of someone who understood that leadership meant sacrifice. O'Neal caught Huntsai across the crowded gate room and nodded once. Hunt returned the nod, a moment of shared understanding between commanders who had both faced impossible choices and somehow survived. They'd saved two They'd lost a ship but saved her crew. And now they had to figure out what came next. 3 days after the dimensional breach was sealed, Dylan Hunt stood in Cheyenne Mountains observation deck, staring at Earth through reinforced glass. It wasn't his Earth. The continental configurations were slightly different. The political boundaries evolved along divergent historical paths, but it was still humanity's home world. Still, the cradle of the species, even across dimensional barriers. Behind him, the SGC had become an improvised refugee center. 300 Commonwealth personnel were scattered throughout the facilities lower levels, receiving medical treatment, debriefing with Earth intelligence services, and slowly coming to terms with the fact that they might never go home. They're adapting better than I expected. O'Neal's voice came from the doorway. The colonel entered carrying two cups of coffee, offering one to hunt. your people. I mean, most refugees we've dealt with. Alternate timeline versions of ourselves. People displaced by temporal anomalies. They spend weeks in denial or depression. Your crew just got to work. Hunt accepted the coffee gratefully. High guard training emphasizes operational flexibility. We're taught to function in hostile environments, adapt to unexpected situations, maintain discipline even when everything falls apart. Besides, he took a sip. We've been through this before. The Commonwealth fell three centuries ago. We've all been refugees in our own galaxy for years. This is just more of the same, except you can't go back this time, O'Neal observed quietly. The dimensional breach is sealed. Ancient technology made sure of that. The barriers are reinforced now, specifically preventing another crossing. Even if we wanted to send you home, we can't. I know. Hunt's voice was carefully neutral. Dr. Jackson explained it yesterday. The dimensional barriers aren't just repaired, they're strengthened. The ancients final fail safe. Any universe that successfully repels a void incursion gets permanently isolated from all others, preventing cascade failures. We're locked in your universe now. Permanently. They stood in silence for a moment, watching Earth rotate slowly below. Ramy's going to survive, O'Neal said, deliberately changing the subject to something less hopeless. Dr. Fraser says the android body can be repaired. The AI core took damage, but Harper and Carter think they can restore most of her core functions. She'll need time to reintegrate her consciousness, but she's going to make it. Hunt's shoulders relaxed slightly. The first genuine relief O'Neal had seen from him since the Andromeda's destruction. That's That's good news. Ramy is she's more than just the ship's AI. She's family. Losing the Andromeda was losing our home, but if we'd lost Ramy entirely. He didn't finish the sentence. I get it, O'Neal replied. We've had AI encounters that went badly. But Ramy, she's different. She's got more humanity than some humans I know. Hell of a warrior, too. Watching her take down that prior was a thing of beauty. She learned from the best, Hunt said with a slight smile. 300 years of high guard doctrine filtered through 5 years of flying with a crew that refused to give up on the Commonwealth's dream. She's the best of all of us. Footsteps echoed in the corridor and Daniel entered with TLC close behind. The archaeologist carried a thick folder of documents and wore his characteristic expression of barely contained intellectual excitement. Dylan, we need to talk about what happens next, Daniel said without preamble. The IOA has been holding emergency sessions about your crew status. There are complications. Let me guess, Hunt replied with the weary cynicism of someone familiar with bureaucratic politics. Some factions want to exploit Commonwealth technology. Others want to imprison us as potential security threats. And everyone's arguing about jurisdiction over dimensional refugees. That's remarkably accurate. TLC confirmed. The International Oversight Advisory contains representatives from multiple Earth nations, each with different priorities. Some see your crew as invaluable assets. Others see you as dangerous unknowns. None agree on appropriate protocols. However, Daniel interjected quickly. General Landry and Colonel O'Neal have proposed a solution. It's unprecedented. Probably going to cause political headaches for years, but it might actually work. O'Neal sat down his coffee and faced Hunt directly. Captain Hunt, on behalf of Stargate Command and with provisional authorization from the United States Air Force, I'm offering your crew military asylum and operational integration. We bring you into the SGC program formally. Your people get Earth citizenship, military ranks equivalent to their Commonwealth positions, and assignment to active gate teams. In exchange, you help us fight the AI, share Commonwealth tactical doctrine, and generally make yourselves useful. Hunt blinked, processing the offer. You want to recruit 300 interdimensional refugees into your military. We want to offer you purpose, O'Neal corrected. You're warriors without a war, soldiers without a nation, officers without a mission. We've got all three in abundance. The AI aren't going away. In fact, they're probably going to escalate after we destroyed three of their warships. We need every tactical advantage, every skilled officer, every person willing to stand against gods who think conversion or death are the only options. And your people, Hunt asked carefully. your government officials, your oversight committees, they'll accept Commonwealth personnel operating through the Stargate network. Some will fight it, Daniel admitted. The NIDA will probably try to sabotage the arrangement, extract Commonwealth technology through coercion or theft. Elements within the IOA will argue that interdimensional refugees shouldn't have access to classified programs. But Landre is willing to fight those battles. And frankly, after you saved Earth, saved multiple universes, denying you asylum would be politically untenable. TLC stepped forward, his expression grave, but respectful. Captain Hunt, I understand the weight of this decision. You and your crew must choose whether to embrace a new mission or seek alternative paths. But know this, the Towry are worthy allies. They fight with honor against overwhelming odds. They value courage, sacrifice, and the willingness to stand against tyranny. The Commonwealth's ideals would find fertile ground here. Hunt turned back to the observation window, staring at Earth while his tactical mind worked through implications. O'Neal could practically see the calculations. 300 crew members who needed purpose. Commonwealth ideals that demanded action against oppression. A galaxy full of threats that could use high guard expertise. What about the others? Hunt asked finally. Tier Bea Harper. They didn't sign up to join someone else's war. They followed me because they believed in restoring the Commonwealth. Now that's impossible. I can't ask them to. You're not asking. Bea's voice interrupted from the doorway. She entered with tear and Harper behind her. All three having apparently been listening. We're volunteering. Boss, we didn't follow you because we thought the Commonwealth could be restored exactly as it was. We followed you because you represented something worth fighting for. Civilization over chaos, unity over fragmentation, protection over exploitation. Earth needs that," Harper added, his usual nervous energy subdued, but present. "I've been talking with Major Carter Sam about their technology. They're brilliant, but they're working with salvaged alien tech they barely understand, constantly one breakthrough away from disaster. They need engineers who can think beyond their own technological paradigm. They need Commonwealth expertise." Tier's contribution was characteristically pragmatic. Captain, the High Guard's mission was to protect civilization across three We failed. Our Commonwealth fell. Our mission ended. Our purpose vanished. But Earth offers us a chance to succeed where we previously failed. A new galaxy, new threats, new civilizations to protect. The mission hasn't ended. It's evolved. And frankly, the AI need killing. That alone makes this worthwhile. Hunt studied his senior officers, his friends, seeing the determination in They'd followed him through the Commonwealth's collapse, through 5 years of desperate attempts at restoration, through dimensional barriers into an alien universe, and now they were ready to follow him into a new mission entirely. The crew, Hunt asked quietly. We took a vote, Beika replied. Unofficial because you're the captain and it's ultimately your decision. But 87% want to stay, want to fight, want to make Earth struggle our struggle. The other 13% are mostly non-combatants who want to settle somewhere quiet and try to build normal lives. We can't blame them for that, and we can accommodate them," Daniel said quickly. Earth has plenty of places where your people could integrate into civilian society. We've got contingency protocols for refugees. It's not perfect, but we've done it before with people displaced by the gold. Hunt stood silent for a long moment. The weight of command pressing down as it always had, always would. Then he straightened and O'Neal recognized the shift. The moment when a leader stops grieving what was lost and commits to what must be done. General Landry, Hunt said, raising his voice slightly to address the man who O'Neal knew was monitoring through the security cameras. This is Captain Dylan Hunt of the Systems Commonwealth High Guard. On behalf of my crew, I formally accept your offer of asylum and operational integration. The remnants of the Andromeda Ascendants crew place ourselves at Earth Service. We'll fight your wars, protect your people, and stand against the AI with everything we have. In exchange, we ask only that Earth honor the ideals we fought for. Civilization over chaos, protection over exploitation, unity over fragmentation. Landre's voice came through the observation deck. Speakers, Captain Hunt, Earth accepts your terms. Welcome to the Stargate program. You and your people are officially under SGC command as of this moment. We'll work out the administrative details, rank equivalencies, team assignments, security clearances over the next few weeks, but effective immediately. You're one of us. Understood, General. Hunt turned to O'Neal with a slight smile. So, Colonel, what's our first mission? I assume you don't keep 300 trained military personnel sitting around doing nothing. Actually, O'Neal replied, pulling out a mission folder he'd been carrying. We've got a situation developing on P4X639. Longrange sensors detected unusual ARI activity, possibly another prior or a forward base for their crusade. Command wants to send a reconnaissance team to assess the threat. I was thinking SG1 could use some backup. Interested? Hunt took the folder, skimming the mission briefing with professional Mixed terrain, unknown hostile force strength, potential for first contact with or ground forces. Looks dangerous, complicated, and likely to go wrong in creative ways. That's basically our mission statement, O'Neal confirmed. Then we're definitely interested, Hunt Tier Bika Harper prep for gate travel. Full combat loadout. Commonwealth weapons authorized by SGC command. We stepped through in 2 hours. Finally, Tier said with satisfaction, proper military operations instead of political negotiations. Speak for yourself, Harper muttered. I was just getting comfortable with the whole not being shot at thing. You'll adapt, Beika assured him, already heading for the door to begin pre-m mission preparations. You always do. As Hunt's senior staff dispersed to prepare, Daniel lingered with a thoughtful expression. Dylan, can I ask you something? The Commonwealth, you spent 5 years trying to restore it after it fell. Now you're committing to Earth's mission instead. Are you okay with that? Aren't you worried you're abandoning your original purpose? Hunt considered the question carefully. Dr. Jackson, the Commonwealth was never about specific governments or territorial boundaries. It was about ideals. The belief that civilized species could work together, protect each other, build something better than chaos and tyranny. Those ideals don't die just because the political structure collapsed. They don't become invalid just because we're in a different universe. He gestured toward the window, toward Earth below. Your people fight the same fight we did against false gods, against religious fanaticism, against those who would enslave or destroy in the name of power. You do it with fewer resources, less advanced technology, and you're constantly outmatched. But you keep fighting anyway because you believe civilization is worth preserving. That's the Commonwealth soul right there, just wearing different uniforms. So, you're not abandoning your mission, Daniel said, understanding dawning. You're fulfilling it in a new context. Exactly. Hunt confirmed. The systems commonwealth may be gone, but the high guard's purpose remains. We protect those who can't protect We stand the line against chaos. We prove that unity and cooperation are stronger than division and tyranny. Whether we do that in our home universe or here, the mission is the same. TLC inclined his head with deep respect. You speak with the wisdom of one who has learned that ideals transcend circumstances. The free Jaffa fought for generations to break the chains of false gods. We understand that such struggles are not limited by geography or even dimensional boundaries. They are universal. Welcome to the fight, Captain Hunt. Glad to be here, Hunt replied. Then with a slight smile, though I have to admit, I never imagined I'd end up working for an entirely different planet's military in an alternate universe. Career planning did not cover this scenario in High Guard Academy. Join the club, O'Neal said. None of us expected to spend our careers fighting snake aliens, ascended beings, and interdimensional threats. But hey, beats a desk job. 2 hours later, SG1 assembled in the gate room with an expanded roster. O'Neal, Carter, Daniel, and TLC were joined by Hunt, Tier, Beika, and Harper. Eight people representing two universes united by common purpose. The Stargate chevrons locked in sequence, the event horizon stabilized, and General Landry's voice echoed from the control room. SG1, you have a go. Reconnaissance mission to P4X639. Assessor Ori activity. Return within 24 hours. Captain Hunt, welcome to your first official Stargate mission. Try not to break anything too important. We'll do our best, General. Hunt replied. O'Neal looked at his expanded team, his people plus Commonwealth officers who'd already proven themselves in combat against the AI, and felt something he hadn't felt in a long time. Hope. Not the desperate hope of barely surviving impossible odds, but genuine optimism that they might actually be building something stronger. Okay, folks. O'Neal announced standard operating procedure. Carter takes point with the scanner. Daniel right behind to translate any ancient or or AI text. TLC on rear guard hunt. Your people integrate into the formation. We go through together. We come back together. Questions? Just one? Bea said with a slight grin. Is it always this dramatic? The Stargate activation, the mission briefings, the whole military formality. Every single time, Daniel confirmed. You get used to it or you don't, O'Neal added. But you do it anyway because it's the job. Now, let's move out before the AI decide to crash another party. The team moved up the ramp in formation, professional and coordinated despite being thrown together across dimensional They stepped through the Stargate, that ancient technology built by beings long ascended, and emerged eight light years away on an alien world where the AI might be building their crusades next front. Behind them in Cheyenne Mountain, 292 remaining Commonwealth crew members began integrating into Earth's Stargate program. Engineers compared notes with Earth scientists. Tactical officers reviewed mission reports and galactic threat assessments. Medical personnel learned Earth's treatment protocols while teaching Commonwealth medical technology in the infirmary. Yar Fraser and Harper worked on Ramy's android body, carefully repairing damaged systems, and preparing to restore her consciousness. The ship AI's avatar lay still and silent, but diagnostic readouts showed brain activity, electrical patterns that suggested she was still there, still fighting, waiting for the repairs that would let her wake up and see her crew alive and whole. On the observation deck where Hunt had stood hours earlier, an SF guard noticed something on the long range sensors. A brief energy spike, distant but detectable, from the location of the sealed dimensional breach. Just a flicker. already fading. Probably nothing to worry about. Probably. But in the space between universes, in the realm the ancients called the void, something stirred. The dimensional barriers had been reinforced. Yes, the breach had been sealed. Certainly, but the void remembered. It had tasted two universes simultaneously, had pushed through the barriers, however briefly, and had learned. The ancients had predicted this 10,000 years ago. Every breach sealed left a scar. Every scar was a weak point. And eventually, with enough pressure, enough persistence, enough patient probing, the barriers would fail. Not today, not this year, perhaps not for a century or more. But the void was patient. It had existed since before universes had distinct boundaries. It could wait. And when the barriers finally failed, when the dimensional collapse the ancients had feared finally came, the void would be ready. But that was a problem for another day. Another crisis. Another impossible mission. For now, Dylan Hunt walked through alien landscapes with his new team, fighting a new enemy in defense of a new home. The systems commonwealth was gone. The Andromeda ascendant was destroyed. And 300 crew members were permanently stranded in an alternate universe. But they were alive. They had purpose. They had allies. And they had each other. The Commonwealth's ideals. Protection, unity, sacrifice for the greater good would continue just in a new context under new circumstances with new challenges. Captain Dylan Hunt had spent 300 years in temporal stasis, watching his civilization fall. He'd spent five more years desperately trying to rebuild it. Now, finally, he was exactly where he needed to be, standing the line with warriors who understood that some fights transcend politics, geography, or even dimensional boundaries. The mission continued. It always had. It always would because that's what the High Guard did. That's what SG teams did. That's what anyone willing to stand against tyranny and chaos did. They fought. They protected. They endured. And they did it together. In Cheyenne Mountains archives, a new entry was logged in the mission Event classification, dimensional incursion, Andromeda ascendant arrival, and integration. Status breach sealed. Crew asylum granted. Operational integration successful. Note: Commonwealth technology and tactical doctrine represent significant enhancement to Earth's defensive Recommend full integration protocols and continued monitoring of dimensional barrier integrity. Secondary note, the Andromeda's crew exemplifies the courage and sacrifice that defines the Stargate program. They will be remembered not as refugees or strangers, but as brothers and sisters in arms who stood with Earth when reality itself was at stake. The report was filed, classified, and secured. Somewhere in the records, Dylan Hunt's name was added to Earth's Defenders. Not as prominent as the legends like O'Neal or Carter, but present nonetheless. A Commonwealth captain who had lost everything twice and still found the strength to keep fighting. Years from now, when the AI threat was finally defeated, when new crises emerged and were overcome, historians would look back at this moment. They would see it as the point where Earth's Stargate program evolved from a planetary defense force into something greater. A multiversal coalition united not by politics or geography, but by shared ideals and mutual respect. The systems commonwealth had fallen three centuries ago in another universe. But its spirit, its mission, its unshakable belief in civilization over chaos that lived on in Dylan Hunt, in his crew, in every gate team that stepped through the Stargate to face impossible odds. The Commonwealth was dead. Long live the The dimensional breach that brought the Andromeda ascendant to Earth's universe had been sealed, but its consequences would ripple across decades. The AI crusade continued now with added ferocity after the destruction of three warships and the abomination that had violated dimensional sanctity. Earth's Stargate program gained 300 trained military personnel whose tactical doctrine and technological expertise would prove invaluable in the battles ahead. Captain Dylan Hunt found a new mission that honored the old one. protecting civilization, standing against tyranny, proving that unity and sacrifice could overcome even divine judgment. His crew adapted to their permanent exile with the same resilience that had carried them through the Commonwealth's collapse. They became legends among the SGC, the interdimensional warriors who had faced the void and won. Ramy's android avatar was eventually restored, her consciousness reintegrated with help from Earth's brightest minds and Harper's Commonwealth Engineering Genius. She woke to find her physical ship destroyed but her crew alive and declared it a fair trade. She became the first artificial intelligence to serve in the Stargate program. Her unique perspective and computational abilities saving countless lives over the missions that followed. The Andromeda's destruction left technology scattered across P7X392's orbit, Commonwealth weapon systems, quantum power generators, slipstream drive components that didn't work in this universe but could be studied. Earth salvaged what it could, reverse engineering selectively, always remembering Hunt's warning about the costs of exploiting alien technology without understanding its context. The dimensional barriers remained sealed, reinforced by ancient fail safes that prevented crossing between Hunt and his crew would never see their home again. Never know if the Commonwealth had been rebuilt in their absence, or if the galaxy had descended further into chaos. It was a wound that never fully healed. But they learned to carry it the way soldiers always carry the costs of duty. And in the space between universes, in the void that hungered for reality itself, something patient waited. The ancients had been right. Every sealed breach left scars. Every victory against the void was temporary. One day, perhaps centuries hence, the accumulated damage would reach critical mass. The barriers would fail not in one location, but everywhere simultaneously. When that day came, the void would feast. But that was a threat for future generations, future heroes, future impossible missions. For now, Dylan Hunt served with SG1, bringing Commonwealth precision to Earth's improvisational His crew scattered across gate teams, engineering divisions, diplomatic missions, 300 people who refused to abandon the ideals that had defined them just because the political structure supporting those ideals had collapsed. The systems commonwealth had fallen. But the high guard endured and that made all the difference.

  Top Comments:
  1. @sasquatchandme3673 [9 likes]: Why does General Landry have no comment about Romy being the twin of his daughter, Dr Landry?
  2. @sasquatchandme3673 [6 likes]: Tyr is NOT Dillons 1st Officer. Wheres Becka?
  3. @landenschooler6726 [6 likes]: This AI mispronouncing all these names just driving me crazy!!!
  4. @DHP69 [5 likes]: Andromada, didnt have any transporters
  5. @rudya8504 [4 likes]: Ok if you are doing wormholes then you need to do Farscape I mean you probably couldn't do all the races but a small mix from The Peacekeeper Wars you could do a time/space dilation when John Crichton used the wormholes weapon I would love the anti-vilan of Scorpius as well as Einstein and his version on the ancients in the farscape universe would go hard.
  6. @jeffreyoliver5991 [3 likes]: Name pronunciation is very annoying.
  7. @atomicknight63 [2 likes]: I guess Harper could have built a transporter. 30 century's back in time.
  8. @sasquatchandme3673 [2 likes]: At 35.00 Tyr states that Andromeda has 300 crewmembers. Where did he get 300 crew members? Andromeda ran on a skeleton crew of 6 people for most of the shows run.
  9. @Wanderingsage7 [1 likes]: 'and it works perfectly?!'
O'Neil: 'so-so motion ' on a good day. Which is rare.
  10. @jeremiahfisher9033 [1 likes]: O'neill was a brigadier general when Landry was at Stargate command. This should be Colonel Mitchell leading SG-1 and Vala Mal Duran should be there as well. Especially if the Ori are involved.
  11. @ParkerKessinger [1 likes]: Master chief and ship in Andromeda universe
  12. @ClevelandMaker: This is about right ...... Daniel Jackson and Romy are married in real   life
  13. @atomicdanny: What if Beaker (the muppet) was the First Officer of the Andromeda? (I mean the amount of times that it says "Beaker" not Becca... )
  14. @Wanderingsage7: What if a Warframe Tenno arrived on the Andromeda with their Orbiter?
  15. @wernerskrube3766: Andromeda in Original Battlestar Galactica
  16. @TonyWhite-n6u: I would mind a story with the Crew of the Raza from Dark matter.
  17. @coreywynn8731: Really great stories, just the suggestions. The ori from s g 1 go up against the reef from stargated.
  18. @Craynak_Zero: TLC, not Teal'c. STG now consists of pop stars.
  19. @ParkerKessinger: Andromeda in Star Trek Voyager I feel like there’s not really any voyager stuff out there
  20. @elijahpryor-p3p: This was a good video next if you want you should try characters like  Riddick or Duke Nukem.

- Andromeda : Ce qu'on a appris en dépensant 1M€ sur Méta Ads: Kind: captions Language: en We have spent over a million euros on Meta Ads in the last few months and yet everything we have done so far will no longer work in the future. Simply because Meta has implemented a new algorithm called Andromeda. It radically changes the rules of the game. If you're a professional in the field of coaching, you absolutely need to know what happened. Otherwise all your ad campaigns will collapse. I'll leave you in a moment with Zerius who will explain everything. Now we're going to talk about the big bad wolf Andromeda, the famous algorithm that reshuffles the cards. It's the new meta algorithm that's causing all sorts of trouble because basically, it's saying "So, you see all the targeting interests, well, there won't be any more." And you see all the optimizations, well, there will be more. And what we want now is for you to give us 500 creations and we'll manage. Yeah, but you'll manage. In other words, ah well, the CPMs are going to go up. Ah, okay, great. There you go, that's Andromeda. Most people who already had good practices in ads in the past all reported either that nothing has changed, or that it's better than before. On the other hand, all those who were a bit stubborn and who were on the old practices of meia buing are all here DMing me in a panic saying the market ads don't work anymore . That's going to be the topic. OK. So it will mainly interest people who make advertisements. Those that have n't been launched yet, you won't understand anything. That's OK. There are workshops afterwards to help you launch your ads, so don't worry OK, we're going to get into some technical topics. I'll try to get through quickly. Uh, this presentation is designed to help you understand how it works before I give you the specific actions to take, which will be of interest to you. But I want you to understand what MTA is looking for, why MTA is making it happen, before giving you concrete leads. That way, you have clarity on what's really going on. And you learn to think behind actions. So, have you noticed that everyone is talking about Andromeda right now ? Are you geeky enough about marketing to have seen this? Who noticed that? OK, so there are still some people there. Um, who has recently noticed a collapse in their campaign or changes in your companies? OK. So, about ten people in the room, it could happen or it might not happen. If that hasn't happened to you, all the better. So Andromeda, the impact has been felt since July 2025, even though it's been there for months already. Uh, and as Jeremy explained, many advertisers are seeing their results plummet. So it could be due to that, but it could also just be, uh, a lack of good creative work. Can you explain a little bit about what happens right after? Just be careful of one thing, uh, overreacting. Sometimes, an external event comes along and disrupts something. If we do nothing, everything will return to normal in 2 weeks. But because we panic and overreact, we break everything. So we have 3 to 4 months of problems instead of one week. That's what happened to us in February and March when there was an algorithm change. We misinterpreted , we overreacted, and then we had four months of hardship afterwards. So today in the French market, you'll see a lot of videos about Andrometa and so on. The reality is that this has been going on for months and MTA will implement the changes in phases. He's not going to change his entire platform overnight for everyone, for billions of users. Who had already heard about it? Yeah. It's really a marketing thing, you know. We get bombarded by 25 videos, so we panic and you guys are just chilling in the meantime OK. So you'll see that even if you 're not a marketer, you'll potentially be targeted by people too. who will, uh, who will sell you solutions to solve this if you have ad problems, they will say "Ah, it's because of Andromeda and so I have the solution and so on." So pay attention to that because we're marketers. All marketers will capitalize on novelty. There's a new change. New changes always mean "Well, we can blame something if it does n't work." Who says uh new thing means we get more views and if there is a problem well I can tell you I have the solution. So just be careful about that, you're going to have 100% of the people who are in business opportunity, in marketing, in copy, in all those things, saying the world has changed, what didn't work before doesn't work anymore, now it's completely new, nobody knows about it because of Andromeda, buy my program. So what's really going on ? MTA, they've been around for years . OK. They are excellent at adapting, they are excellent at innovating. We can all see, they bought Insta, they updated when TikTok came out with Reels. Well , today they're becoming more of a creative engine. We see fewer and fewer posts from friends, we see more posts from creators. They are constantly updating themselves and today, well, there is a new threat that has arrived, as you know, it is the arrival of AI. LIA brings about change, and this change is particularly evident in the number of advertisements that can be easily generated today since the thread is finished. Look, we can't just have ads, we still need to have content. There are no more users because overall the meta curves in terms of users on Instagram and Facebook are relatively stable. But well, it's not exponential growth, it's not TikTok, stuff like that. On the other hand, there are many more advertisers producing much more creative content, knowing that advertising on MTA is an auction, so the one who pays the most gets the lead. Except that it is becoming increasingly difficult to find the right ad to connect the right individual to the right creative with their old model since there is a massive influx of advertisers and volume of creative. Basically, what the old Algo did was take your 10 creations and compare them. OK. Is this creation relevant to the user? I will compare it to creation 2, then to creation 3, then to creation 4, to put it in front of the user so that it is relevant to them. And today, a billion are created every day. It's too slow. It's too slow to compare individually because the challenge of meta when you're on your phone. You are an individual and you will see that it's just an impression. You'll have one creation among billions of possibilities. She needs to do it very quickly because in reality, it needs to be... Yeah, it needs to be quick and relevant. If it's not fast, but Facebook won't load when you've scrolled or Instagram. Well, if it's not relevant, then you're going to get crappy ads and it's going to annoy you. You are going to leave the platform, so M is going to lose money. Uh, she has to do it too, she has to make sure that it is profitable for the one who is advertising because if it does n't fit into their budget, they will cut their ads, and she has to do it without people being disgusted by seeing lots of ads. So it's a huge challenge. And that's for every single advertisement impression. Every impression is made in a millisecond, and you see an ad that is relevant to you. And you add to that Europe with GDPR with the thing they forced MTAs to assign with less personalized ads where basically there are people who can pay to no longer see ads or not pay but have less relevant ads because they refuse targeting and M in all this has to take up the challenge that Xarius just showed you. So if everyone can now generate thousands of ads very quickly with Lia, then the problems are too many ads, slowing down the platform, bad ads, and poor matching with your ads and interests. So, as a result, you have a terrible experience on MTA as an advertiser, as a customer, and as a user, and then you stop using MTA. The official article, if you want to go and see it, it raises two problems, two big problems. So it's the number of ads and the latency to go very quickly to choose the right ads when you go on the platform. So, with Lia's arrival, Meta had to find an answer. The answer is simply Andromeda. So that's why Andromeda. OK, so what is it then? It's an engine, it's an algorithm, a new algorithm that is capable of filtering and prioritizing ads while maintaining ad relevance, speed, and performance for the advertiser. So that's what they call it if we were to put in a single mechanism like they do the ad retrieval engine. So. But anyway, that's more for public relations. It's not really for us. That's not very concrete. So, Andromeda, how is it going to work? After that, once you quickly understand how it works, you're not an engineer, I'll show you the concrete keys to be able to grasp it, to be able to make more sales while spending less. Andrometa, basically, Andromeda, be careful, they go through billions of ads, they will work in groups, they will select some, they will select a few thousand ads. How will they work? They will take the ads that are similar, that have, for example, the same color, the same theme, they will select them, they will make groups, and just by making groups like that, it will allow them to go from a few billion ads to a few thousand. I'm going to show you, I'm going to show you that. This is the diagram on the engineering explanation of the meta article. OK. Here, here you are on the platform, you are going to look at, I don't know, like cats on Instagram, I don't know what you are looking at. And here you'll have billions of ads that could target you. OK? Among these billions of ads, how will this new algorithm work? Well, for example, sports ads are the purple ones. He's going to put them in, he's going to group them by category. Behind this, there are subgroups here. So, for example, I can have an ad in the sports category. OK, so that's a first category. Then, the subgroup, the ad will know, and so Andromeda will know that this ad is more likely to react to the people who will click on the thread. So, it's going to be a subcategory. OK. Then he will know that this ad, OK, so it's a sports ad for people who are likely to click, for people who are going to be men of 40 years old and who are going to click in the feed. And so, it drastically reduces each time by elimination. This means that in the end, you will have very few advertising candidates here. for you as a user thanks to their new algorithm, and this in a few milliseconds. What you need to know is that before, ads were optimized in your campaign or even in your adset according to what you had requested. Now it not only optimizes your entire account but also all other accounts that are similar to yours. So if you provide the right volume of creatine, that's very good news. That means you'll benefit from the algorithm learning of guys who spend 1 million a week, but you have to provide the right volume of creative work. Managing media buying at the tool level. Yes. However, you'll have to compensate with the volume of creation because if you give him 10 angles to Meta and he has determined that none of those 10 were winners according to his optimization, you're screwed. We'll get to the point about what this changes in concrete terms for you. So according to MTA, Andromedra, Andromeda, it would be capable of hyper-personalizing ads. So, in that case, each person can have a unique advertisement. That means you're going to have your ad, you're going to have your ad, you're going to have your ad, and I'm going to have my ad. Like, everyone's going to get a different advertisement. Uh, and for that reason, MTA will push for creative diversity. So today, as I explained to you, if you make creations that look alike, uh, who else was making creations that look alike? You, it seems to me, made a lot of creations that were in the same style, for example. OK. So, with Andromeda, that's going to work against you. For what ? Because they will be grouped in the same, uh, in the same group. So, they will be distributed to roughly the same people. Theoretically, with Andromeda, I can advertise. OK? I can make lots of ads, 30 ads by reaching different segments of my market and theoretically, for example, if I make an ad for red shoes, a 40-year-old sporty man, well, that ad will only be shown to that person. This ad targeting a sedentary 50-year-old man will only be shown to that specific audience. And uh, so MTA will know, like, how to allocate the budget to push these people and make sales across your entire portion of your market. The thing today, what's still happening, so this is the theory, is Andromeda. What's still happening is that on many accounts, a single ad will be pushed, and a lot of money will be spent on that single ad. So there is all the communication that is intended for the press. There is the technology press, there is what they sell, there is their vision, there is what they want to implement in Andromeda, and then there is what is still the case today . So we need to make the distinction. As usual, he also explained to us that in any case, we would be living in the metaverse within 3 weeks and the aggri according to Altman, we should have had it 3 years ago. It is always important to distinguish between their announcements, which are intended for journalists and investors, and the reality of the deployment. So, even though this is n't a hypothetical thing, it's actually being rolled out, but when they say "it's done, it's done," yes, it will be done gradually in the next 6 months depending on the country. So how do we do that? We change the format, the visuals, the audience, the angles. For example, we can do carousel ads, video ads, uh, the same, really you want creative diversity, it's more important than ever. In any case, it will become so since the closely related creations become cleminified, their key cannibalizes each other. I make a point of paying close attention to the use of meta. For what ? Many of you have been asking me if you should activate all of MTA's AI recommendations. When you do that, when you activate the recommendations, they will tell you there is a potential for +7% conversion on your ads. Who has ever seen this ? Yeah. Yeah. What you need to understand, and this is just my opinion , it's my theory, is that MTAs need data to test their new algorithms and update them and make sure they are efficient. For now, they are not all necessarily performing well. So, when you do that, you take the risk of being MTA's guinea pig because, well, it will train the algorithm on you. And how can he convince you to use these new tools? By telling you you will have 7% more performance . It's marketing, it's not necessarily reality. So half the time it doesn't work, sometimes it does. Just so you know. Specifically, tip number 2. So we've seen firstly creative diversity, secondly the volume of ads. OK? The volume of ads is not new, but it is becoming even more important. One change that will be interesting for you is that the old official MTA documentation on the number of ads in an adset has disappeared. Not found. OK, the page no longer exists. To think that it might be more true that you need to put 4 to 6 ads per adset. Today, some MTA experts, upon reading this and everyone else interpreting it from MTA articles, say that we could put more than 20 to 30 ads, and that's what Meta would want for hyper-personalization since it is able to pick from the ad and bam, they will connect the ad to the user directly. In any case, there is one thing that is important today, we can have the best tracking tools. There are what are called dark socials. So actually, uh, the person saw your ad, clicked on it, but didn't register. She was retargeted on YouTube, she watched the ad, she liked it but she didn't sign up. Then she signed up via Instagram with an email address, and she quickly had you look at your dishes. And then there was his grandmother's aunt's cousin who sent him something on WhatsApp, a YouTube video. And so, she's going to click, she's going to look there and then, in fact, at the cafe the next day, someone is going to talk to her about it. OK, where do we assign it? So anyway, we know that there is a loss of data of at least 10, 20, 30%, 30% that we will never be able to recover. Ecosystems are too complex; we can't track everything. So the challenge is to track down what we can very well and the rest to thoroughly explore the universe. Tip 3, well, I had to introduce you to adquencing with Andromeda. If a person sees an ad for a ski resort, they will continue to see ads for that, for SK resort. OK. And so, with that, it was the old algorithm. OK. With the new changes, after purchasing the product on Ski Resort, they will then see ads for ski equipment and then for luggage to go to the ski resort. which means they get even more personalized ads. So that's the principle of SEC and that's what you were saying with Tofu Mofu. That's what's happening. So indeed in your adset if you have 30 ads, you're going to have some that are tofu. OK, generate a few buyers and you'll see, I'll show you how to see it right after. And then you'll see that people will buy from another ad. But M knows that. And how do you see that? You will see three indicators. For example, you might see an ad that, in terms of broadcast frequency, is at 1 or very low; it will spend a lot and won't bring you any customers. Zero cost per acquisition. OK. What could happen is that MTA shows this ad to people who are high in the decision cycle. So, people at the top of the funnel, and he was saying that they might potentially buy later. And behind, since it's add sequencing and it's a sequence, behind in the same AD, maybe you have an image that has a super high frequency, people see this ad a lot. OK? She won't spend much, she 'll convert a lot with a low cost per acquisition and you'll say "Yeah, this ad is so good and all." But what you don't know is that she was involved in the purchase. Yeah, exactly. So you have to take it into account and you see it in relation to, well, frequencies and spends. What needs to be understood, as Jeremy said, is that today we can no longer isolate conversion as much and that everything works in a global ecosystem. OK? Perhaps there are ads in your 30 ads that will be used for conversion later, and if you cut them out, it changes that, it breaks your ecosystem. If it doesn't perform, it won't be broadcast Yeah, exactly. He actually wants me to spend more and more. In order for you to spend more and more, he needs to give you the results you asked for. So be careful, you ask for leads, he'll give you some without saying they're good. Um, but then, if he sees that you asked him for leads, you may have even told him "I refuse to pay my lead any longer." If he can't reach that goal with one of your ads , he'll screw it up. This might be a sign that we need to dig deeper because I like that this ad is a good thing but you ca n't figure it out. All right. That doesn't mean she's good and that you shouldn't get rid of her. That means we need to take a closer look. Be careful what you ask of MTA. MTA is stupid, isn't it? What you ask for, you receive. If you asked the wrong question, you tell him "I want leads as cheaply as possible." Ah, he'll find you one, won't he? It's rubbish. That's why you need to optimize a lot at ROI To conclude on the subject of actions, nobody has solved the problem. OK? We don't know any more than what was written in their articles. What I presented to you, I put the sources at the bottom so you can retrieve the document if you want to take a look. For now, it's not a huge upheaval either. OK? It's just an additional algorithm that is theoretically more efficient. OK. Today, the promised hyper-personalization is n't really visible yet . Um, how can we see it? because there are still many Spanish brands that are focused on a single creative in certain campaigns. And that will also depend on your accounts, since each of your accounts is probably running on a different version. MTA, when they implement something, when they implement changes, they don't do it on billions of users. They will take a small portion and do an A/B test. When you sign the terms and conditions of use of Meta, you agree that they may conduct tests, that you may have different versions, and so on. So maybe you have your algorithm, Maxence has his algorithm, and I have mine. Well, since they do a lot of abs like we do as marketers, we do a lot of abs and then he deploys, he deploys in phases. So nobody really has the same system, nobody has all the answers. What you need to understand above all is that there is no magic formula, that's nothing new. Reality is not always like theory. And what you need to do today is multiply diversity, creative diversity. OK? You can make a note of that, it's super important. So how many can you go for, up to 30, uh, up to 30, to test today? You will perhaps have three of each format, uh, three ads of each format, so you can test them. That way you have 10 formats, 30 ads and then you can feed the algorithm. OK? Uh, you can put more ads in your adsets, so more ads, you can put 30. Uh, and you'll also want to test variations that are really different. This means that if you just change the color, well, it will be grouped into the same categories. So potentially it will affect the same people. So you really want changes to your publes. OK? And well, don't forget, the principles have always worked. Maintain a large volume of testing. OK? Understanding that there are certain ads that will be used in children. So Top of Fenel and others at the bottom and try to make very targeted ads to see uh well the deployment of meta on hyper-personalization uh because well today it is not the case but perhaps in the future it will be even more specific and if you make a really very specific ad it will succeed in finding its audience. You delegate something that works to scale it, you never delegate to make it work. You figure out how it works and then you find someone who specializes in it, who does that all day to push the accelerator. Good media professionals are increasingly adapting to creative production. Given what's happening with Andromeda, who's going to kill the targeting and who's going to kill the button-pushing technique. Those who only do business manager optimization will be unemployed in 12 to 18 months. Because what he's actually saying is no, but wait, the media are taking money, we could put it at home instead. Okay, so we'll use an AI to do their job. And so the good media outlets at Bayers start to focus on creative topics, then you have the others who will have more work. Basically, what will be influenced is that the creatives you put in place depending on the chosen event will be grouped differently to target different people. So yes, that changes something. If you're targeting clicks, then you're going to have people who are likely to click, who will see the ads. In fact, now they really have a precise reading of each element that makes up the ad tunnel. So it really goes from the advertisement itself with a reading of what is said in the ad, even if it is a video advertisement, its ad copy, its title and it goes all the way to the funnel and uh to the conversion finally that you asked for to understand who you were targeted. So all these microscans are being sent to Meta today. There is consistency. Yeah. And even if you have a video ad and there are no clicks, metasearch engines see if people are watching and, in fact, people now see how they consume content before clicking; they want to know if it interests them. So, is this finally the level of conversion, like you have to look at it differently? Thank you Xus. THANKS. Now everyone is broken. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @jacobsamuel8052 [2 likes]: Il a dit quelque chose de très, très pertinent, et je veux que si vous lisez mon commentaire, vous le preniez vraiment en considération :

> « Faut pas penser que, parce que certaines pubs consomment de l’argent, tu dois les mettre en pause et garder seulement celles dont le coût d’achat est faible. En faisant ça, tu casses l’algorithme. Ce que tu ne sais pas aussi, c’est que les pubs qui dépensent contribuent au succès de celles qui ont un coût par résultat bas. »



C’est tellement vrai.
Ce matin, j’ai fait exactement cette erreur, et je peux vous assurer à 100 % que maintenant, je ne vends plus du tout.
Je dépense énormément, mais zéro conversion.
On dirait que l’apprentissage a recommencé.

Il faut noter que je suis à 72 h après le début de la campagne, et hier, j’ai remarqué qu’une de mes images ne vendait pas du tout.
Je l’ai coupée ce matin… et maintenant je suis dans la galère totale.

👉 Prenez vraiment ce paramètre en compte.
  2. @JeremyKohlmannYoutube: Comment passer d'artisan à CEO et scaler ton entreprise ? Ça commence ici : https://www.kohlmann-publishing.com/argent-warm?el=youtube06112025
  3. @adrien.annette: Si tu voulais mettre des intérêts sur des personnes ayant un certain niveau de vie (cadre, responsable, 60€/an etc) comment faire maintenant concrètement svp ?

Et super vidéo merci !
  4. @VincentArcon-w5s: merci !

- The Best Ads Testing Structure on Meta Ads (Post Andromeda): Kind: captions Language: en One of the main question that I get about Facebook ads is how do I test and scale? What is the best structure? Do you test in Do you test in CBO? Do you scale in bid capping, cost cap? So, in this video I want to answer this question and show you guys how in our agency we test and scale campaign. And just for your reference, we spend millions in paid ads specifically on Meta every month. So, we have tested a lot of different testing and scaling structure and we noticed that there are a couple of differences that you need to understand before actually taking a decision. For instance, let's say you want to waste more budget into testing, then you need to go for a specific setup. While if you want to optimize the overall efficiency and make sure that you only scale what works without wasting too much budget into testing, then there is another setup that might be worth best for you. So, in this video I will be showing you exactly what are those different setup and how you can actually implement them based on your specific brand. So, without further ado, let me jump straight on my screen. Again, in this video I will be talking about how we test and scale Facebook ads in 2026 and how we get the results that you see right here. So, all these results that you guys are seeing right now are basically results that I've been generated using this structure that you will see in this video. And as you can see we have different levels of spending and depending on different levels of spending and different and different type of businesses, different type of e-commerce brands, usually we need to apply different type of strategies. And also depends mainly on the budget as well. So, before actually going into the details, I want to recap a little bit on what are the two different broad options that you have. So, the first option is to have one testing campaign and then another separate scaling campaign. And this is the usual process, something that a lot of media buyers have been doing in the past years, the classic testing campaign, testing different ad set and then scale into a CBO setup. But recently, after Meta Andromeda, there there has been a new uh type of strategy that is working very very well right now for our clients, which is the test and scale in the same campaign. It could be a simple one campaign, one ad set CBO test and scale campaign and it could be also a a single CBO multi ad set test and scale campaign and I will go into the details later. Now, before we actually dive into the details, I want to explain what are the reason why you want to go for one approach or the other. So, the first approach is testing one campaign and the scale in a campaign number two, which is usually a the two different campaign. Basically, it can be A B O and C B O. This really depends. But then, let's say you have two different campaign, one for testing and one for scaling. And then, you need to understand is that when you have different ad set, you going to have one issue, which is the audience overlapping across your campaigns or ad set and this technically is going to increase your CPMs. That's why Meta recently, especially after Andromeda, is pushing you more to consolidate more ad sets also to consolidate all your ads inside the fewer ad sets rather than having more ad set and less ads. And that's because Meta with Andromeda now knows exactly who to target with your creatives. Since the learning happen at the actual creative level, so the ad level, and then all the learning gets pushed to the ad set level that consolidate all the learning, what Meta does is use all this learning to maximize the efficiency of of the overall ad set and the overall campaign because at the end of the day, what you care is not having a higher return on ad spend or good performance at the ad set level, but you want to have good performance or good ROAS technically at the overall ad account level because that will actually matter at the end of the day, right? Another issue here is that when you separate by campaigns and different ad sets, you have some learning spreads across different ad set and campaigns. But the good thing about this is that you have more flexibility. So, if you want to test some specific specific angles or if you want to test some specific landing pages, you can simply just do this by having single ad set that test specific variables. So, you technically have more flexibility here. Then, on the other option here, you have the test in campaign number one and scale in the same campaign. So, the good thing about this is that you have more data consolidation and so you can technically leverage more precise targeting and have a more stable performance because if you consolidate all your learning inside one single ad set, then you have more chances that this ad set can actually improve the targeting within all the people that you're targeting with the ads inside the actual ad set because there are more data that are consolidated within the ad set level. And remember that when you choose the audience, you choose it at the ad set level. And so this is where the actual learning of all the ads are happening. And so the ad set level determine the audience you're going to target together with the creatives that you have inside. So the more creatives you have inside, the more data points you have inside the you have inside the ad set that can be leveraged to optimize the performance of all the ads within the actual ad set. Now, another thing here is that there is an issue which is basically that the budget might go to creative with a better experience because we need to remember that Meta is a is a business and of course they want to sell you the ads cuz you can need need to pay the ads to actually get performance. So Meta wants to sell performance, but at the same time it needs to offer people on the platform a very good experience. Otherwise, people are not going to stay on the platform anymore. And so what is going to happen is that there there will be only actual media buyers who people that wants to buy the ads, but no people on the platform because maybe like the ads on the platform start being very bad and so like it's not going to be a good experience. People will leave the platform and so there are no more impressions that Meta can sell to the advertiser. That's why Meta always balance between performance and experience of the ad user experience and which usually is seen by Meta by actual engagement. And that's one very important metric that actually no one is taking care about nowadays, which is the engagement rate ranking, which is a metric that you can get if you do custom column and then you go to the engagement rate ranking. You just click that, you will see inside the column inside the ads manager. And this is very important because it tells you exactly how is the engagement ranking of that specific ad. And what you want to do ideally, you want to have an ad that has an engagement ranking which is average or above average because that means that Meta is going to favor the specific creative and is going to distribute the creative to more audience and is technically going to reduce also your CPM. And you know very well that if your CPM is low, then technically also your CPC can be lower and ideally also your ad spend. It really depends then about the conversion rate, but overall, by offering a better experience in your ad, it's definitely going to help Meta and Meta AI to help you distribute the ads in a much better way. That's basically the issue with this campaign is that if you have two different ads and then one is offering a slightly better experience than for instance the ad number one, then the ad number two is going to get more of the spend, but then probably the ad number two is giving you a 2x ROAS, while the ad number number one can give you like a 4 or 5x return on the ad spend, maybe even with a lower frequency. But then this is the engagement is much better on the ad number two, Meta is going to push the ad number two. That's why this second setup is not always the best and really depends on how willing you are to actually test things and force Meta to spend budget to test specific variables or angle that you're testing. But something important here to mention is also the management of the different type of campaigns. The more you increase the budget on Meta, the higher the complexity will be to manage all your ads and then this is actually the graph of how things will happen usually. What is happening here is that the more you increase the budget, the more it's going to be difficult and complex to manage an setup, because you're going to have a lot of different ads at one point running at the same time. So, maybe like one campaign with 20, 30, 40, 50 ads that you have to manage and you have to check every day. And then when you do an edit, technically you should go there and then remind like remember yourself to note down all the edits and then you know, like go back after 7 days or like a couple of days to see how things went after you made some small changes. So, it's more difficult to manage. On the other side, you have a CBO setup, which is much more optimized. It means that when you increase the budget, the complexity increase, but not that much because you still need to monitor, of course, more ad set or more ads overall, but matters going to distribute the budget for yourself. And technically, this that you see here in red is basically the additional time that you can save on managing the actual ad and invest this time into producing actual creative or like think overall about the creatives angle, landing page, and how to actually make sure that the ads are converting because, as you probably know, the main reason why ads work well is usually because of the creatives and the landing page. Ad constructor, it's still very important, in my opinion, because we literally have seen different amazing change in performance after we change specific ad account setup and structure in different brands. So, this actually is still very important, but it's about the time that you save, um you as a brand owner or you as a media buyer to actually spend more time on what actually is driving uh the most impact within the business. So, let's go now to the most common question, which is or CBO? Well, this basically depends on your business offer, budget, and SKUs. And let's have a look at the details. I kind of made this graph here, so it's kind of easy to understand. Let's start with the main question. Are you willing to waste budget on testing? So, are you comfortable losing money while testing? And the reason why I'm saying this is because different setup allows you to do different things, right? So, let's say your answer is yes, so you are willing to waste budget on testing because uh you don't care cuz you want to It's fine for you to waste budget as long as you learn something, okay? And so, that's fine for you. If the answer is yes in this case, you can go to an setup. So, you launch an ad set in a single ad set, you can treat an ad set as like a mix of persona, concept, and angle, and then you launch the batch all together into different ad set. You keep four to six creatives as in each single ad set, and this is how you test things. And then, when you see something is working, you scale the ad set and then you scale also into another separate campaign. You can duplicate the best performing ads into a separate campaign CBO setup. Uh multiple ad set or single ad set with a I usually prefer a single ad set in this case using the post ID. So you basically keep the engagement. But there are some people that they don't want to waste money on on testing because probably they don't have much budget. So if you're spending like two 200, 300, 500 per day, even like one or 2K per day, technically you don't want to and and you don't want to waste a lot of budget to testing because you want to maximize the efficiency of the budget that you're spending. Then what you can do is try to leverage more meta in this case and so the CBO setup. So in this case what you want to do, you want to keep testing, but you want to kind of leverage the meta forecasting to understand what works and what doesn't and trust meta to pick directly the best performing creatives without even spending any budget into it because this is what meta does every time you launch an ad into a CBO. That's why there are some ads that get to spend and others that don't get to spend because meta takes every ad that you launch and run analysis of this ad using the AI and understand what is the forecast in terms of performance that that ad can bring based on existing data, based on your ad account existing data, based on the target audience and based on all these other things combined together. But meta is of course not always right and the reason behind this is because are you open also to collect biased learning by meta to make future ad decision? What does it mean is that when you run a CBO setup, then meta start pushing the ad set that contains the creatives that have better engagement. And so are you willing to play by meta rules? So are you willing to let meta pick the best creatives that meta likes and that possibly also can scale, but technically leaving some more performance on the table because uh what you can do, if you're testing manually, you can learn more while actually leaving things to meta. And so in this case, so if the answer is yes, so if you're willing to let meta uh choose for you, and you want to trust meta in this case because you want to optimize the budget, then you want to a CBO. And why I'm saying optimize the budget, the the testing budget? Because usually, if you run uh two different type of campaign, you run an setup, and you run a CBO setup. In the setup, you launch like five different ad set, and then you put like five different ads in each. If you run the same setup, but as a CBO, meta already forecast what are the best performing ad set and the best performing ads within each single ad set before even actually spending money into them. And so, it start automatically allocating more budget into into those creative, and then slowly optimize based on the data points that meta collects after spending budget in the specific creatives and ad set. That's why the CBO already starts performing well from the beginning without you need to need to learn anything because meta is doing the job in in advance for you. And so, it start optimizing day to day come back from day one. And so, what what can happen is that after 7 days, if you leave everything as they are, the CBO campaign is going to have a much higher ROAS than the campaign. But, what's the difference in here is that after 7 days, there might be some ad set here in the CBO setup that did not get any spent, while there are the same ads in the setup will get the spend. And in this case, there are like two different scenarios. Scenario number one is that the CBO setup did not spend all the budget into or some of the budget, or they did not spend anything at all into some ads because meta thought that they were no good, or because engagement on the ads wasn't good. So, the overall experience it wasn't good. And you can assume in this case, if you're on this setup, that those creatives are not working well. So, the ads that don't get the spend means that they don't work well. On the other side, if you run an setup, then you might notice sometimes that the ads that didn't get spend on the CBO actually were performing good. And the reason why why happens sometimes is because uh you're forcing Meta to spend on creatives that don't necessarily give the best experience. Uh so, Meta might give you a little bit higher CPM, but they convert very well. And so, the higher the increase in CPM in this case is balanced by increasing conversion rate because the ads are converting better. And so, at the end of the day, you're finding some assets you can technically scale. And that's the reason why you need to decide which is the best option for you. Now, let me actually explain. So, when we go in an setup, you basically want to take more control. But, this might lead to spending your ad budget on ad creatives that don't work. You might be spending around 200-300 pounds, dollars, whatever, depending on how statistically significant you want each test to be. So, it also usually depends on the CPM, meaning that if you have a CPM of 1,000 1,000 is nearly impossible, but let's say you have a CPM of like $100 and then you have another CPM of $20, then you need to do different type of budget because you need more budget to collect the same amount of uh impressions in the in the case of the CPM of 100 compared to the 20 CPM. And so, you might end up after a 1 week spending budget on ads that didn't work. But, that thing for you might be a learning and be like, "Okay, that angle didn't work." But, then there's also another issue here is that did you actually test the angle properly? So, did you test the angle with enough creatives? Did you test it with statics and videos? Did you only test with three statics? And so, you might take decisions that are not correct because you might uh come to the conclusion that, "Okay, this angle is not working." But, did you test enough Did you test enough variation of creatives? Did you test different formats? If you do, then in this case, you can be like, "Okay, that's actually This angle is actually not working." And in the CBO setup, instead, is much more easier and straightforward because when you use a CBO, Meta tend to spend budget only on potential winning creatives. So, you have different assets and Meta spend more most of the budget into one or two assets, while the others usually don't get any spent. Um now, something here important to mention is that I usually see is that if this ad set number one has a lower CPM because probably there is a better engagement or there is a better experience on the ad whatever and then this ad number five the ad set number five is probably probably is like a video for instance that has a higher CPM. Meta tend not to spend budget into this. But then something that we notice is that if we duplicate the same campaign and relaunch it from scratch while keeping the initial campaign active, in the new campaign things changes and so Meta instead spend on the for instance on the ad set number four or five. And so this actually put me in a situation of asking myself like can I actually trust always the CBO setup or not? And my conclusion of this is that you basically need to test things and then see I see what works best for you because this I think actually happened very recently for us. We were running a CBO setup with one ad set and a lot of different creatives and things were doing well. We added more creatives and things started to decline. Then we duplicated the turned off the CBO duplicated with the same creatives but we only picked the top 10 creatives into one ad set by one campaign one ad set 10 creatives using existing winning creatives inside the old CBO and things actually went very well. So just to recap on the setup you have a little bit more control compared to what you have into the CBO. Now the thing is that you basically have two options here. Option number one you test a concept in a CBO it doesn't get the spend Meta knows based on forecasting that concept is going to work. Option number two you have trust issue with Meta and so you want to force spending into 90% of the times Meta is always right though so you end up wasting the budget spent through an that could have spent towards an existing winning ad set for instance and overall optimize the testing campaign and this goes back to the main question which is what do to do? Like do you want to optimize the testing process and make it profitable? Or are you okay to waste money on the testing? So, at this point, what we did, we started to identify different type of testing and scaling setup that we can summarize into these four. And this is basically what is working right now for us, different options based on different ad accounts that we work on. So, um unfortunately, there isn't a one-size-fits-all solution, and we have different structure for the different clients, and these are the most common. So, the first one is testing campaign and CBO one asset scaling. In this campaign here, the number one, we test each different concept, personas, and angle within a single asset inside a testing campaign, and then we duplicate the winning ad issues in the post ID inside a single asset CBO campaign, all optimized by highest volume, lowest cost. And uh um this entire setup, what we notice is that this entire setup works um either you do it all in highest volume, lowest cost bidding, so auto bidding, or you do it only manual bidding. So, um cost cap and bid cap. Because if you mix things, usually things aren't really working very well. And um another idea could be like to split ad account, and what in one ad account you do only by lowest highest volume, lowest cost, and then if there's another ad account where you do basically only cost cap for the same brand. But this is usually when you spend like a lot of money. So, um and things get a bit complicated over there. And then you have the second option, which is one campaign, one asset test and scale campaign. And this works very well, especially for the brands that are not spending a lot of money, like up to 1-2K per day. And this works very well even if you're spending like 1 or 2K per day in a single product. Because what you can do, you can duplicate and create a single campaign for each product that works as a test and scale campaign, one campaign, one asset, and put all the creative inside for each single product, and then you scale that campaign, and you add more creative, you turn off creatives within there, and you um add more creative within that single ad set. Now, the issue here is that you might be go and turn off creatives that have a low ROAS, but those creatives are bringing you incrementality. So, it's very important that you read the data properly. And for this reason, I highly recommend you to check my other videos on my YouTube channel because I explain this concept in in like in details and showing you how to actually analyze and scale ads and how to take decisions. Then, there is another option, which is one campaign multi ad set CBO, which is the basically the same as campaign number one. The only difference is that each single test and goes into a single ad set inside the main CBO setup. So, you're going to have different ad set and then the CBO is going to distribute all the spend. And then, number four is having one campaign multiple ad set for testing, so which is basically the same as number three in this case, but you have another campaign on top, which is a single campaign single ad set scaling campaign that duplicate that contain all the winning ads using the post ID. Because you want to have more control over the budget and then just push an extra spend towards those winning creatives. And this is basically how you want to do things. Now, this is visually how it looks like, which is the first setup of the testing and scaling. So, as I mentioned before, test, different ad set, and then you have different ads maximum six usually within each single ad set in this case. Then, you have the CBO scaling, one ad set all winning ads inside. The second option is one campaign one ad set test and scale. So, one single campaign, one single ad set all creatives inside. Usually here, we put like 50-60 different creatives. Of course, the budget need to match because you cannot have a campaign with like 20 per day budget and 50 different creatives. You can have 50 different creatives if you have like a budget of 1K, 2K per day, that works. It's another different setup, which is the which is this one, sorry. One campaign multiple ad set CBO. You can scale the budget directly here. You launch each single creative batch as an ad set, but in this case, I suggest to actually split the ad set by angle and and concept and everything because since the the learning happen within the creative level, but then it get pushed to the ad set level that determine how this ads get pushed. And so, um the you want to consolidate the learning at the ad set level and give Meta more clarity about your audience for the creative that you use. And this is how you actually can try to push things. But what we notice is that right now, so with Andromeda, this isn't really the case anymore for some cases. So, basically, even if you mix different personas and angle inside the same ad set, things most of the time even works very well. That's why this this setup here, which is one campaign, one ad set, works very well even if in the single ad set we put different personas, different angles, and everything. And and then we have this other setup here, which is one campaign multiple ad set for for testing and one campaign one ad set for scaling, which is basically the same setup as this one. The only difference is that you have another campaign on top with a single ad set. All the existing all the winning ads with post ID. An additional thing to mention is that this campaign here specifically can be managed as any high in high volume or in cost cap or bid cap, as I mentioned before. So, you can basically choose the one that you best prefer based also on the actual on the actual risk that you want to put into it. Usually, when you spend a lot of money into ads, you want to have more cost control, ideally. Um and that's where you want to have all the cost cap or bid cap bidding for this specific setup. And yeah, guys, that's basically it. I hope you find it helpful even though I probably couldn't give you a precise answer, but that's exactly the case because I want you guys to start thinking and start thinking with your mind actually and understand that there is a one-size-fits-all solution and you cannot trust everyone online that tells you this is the best setup this is the best setup because this is the best setup for their business. Usually, brand owner, they might have three, four, five different brands, but we as an agency we have worked with 70 different brands. So, we have seen basically everything. We have tested a lot of different things. So, I I tell you for sure that there are different setup that works for different type of businesses, for different level of spend, and you need to understand what works specifically for you. Of course, if you need help, I always leave the link uh in the description of the video, so you can basically reach out uh and technically see if we can actually work together with my agency Scaled and yes, that's basically it for this video. If you have any question, feel free to leave a comment. I'll do my best to reply to everyone as usual. Leave a like, subscribe to the channel, and I'll see you in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @SilkandRadiant: What happens when you run a cbo and they spend the budget only on one creative. Does it mean the others can not do well? Because I just abandon them after it doesn’t spend money on them
  2. @loosegreyshirt: We’re in the middle of planning on restructuring an account

Menswear clothing brand and we spend about 500-1k/ day

Was thinking we have 1 creative testing campaign w 2 ad sets - scaling and testing

This isnt a new account and the testinc campaign is active - gonna convert already running ad sets into the 2 new ad sets (scaling & testing)

Then test all new creatives in the testing ad set, add new when we have and rotate gradually

Then graduate winners based on ROAS we’ve defined as winners

My questions are: 
1. Is it okay to mix vids and imgs?
2. Should i stop the winner in the testing and dupe in the winners ad set or let it run on both?
3. What about the other ad sets that are still active in the testing campaign we’re going to restructure? Do i include them in the new testing ad set?
4. Or should we do a completely new campaign?

I’m new to this and idk what to do 😢 lol
  3. @robk9823: Hey bro, appreciate the insights. When you do the test + scale campaign setup do you pause the winning ad in the test once it's spending in the scale? I was thinking there could be audience overlap otherwise. Curious to hear your thoughts.
  4. @ictstudentk7956: For a jewellery brand. Do you recommend making a campaign for every product that you test? Or can you test multiple products in 1 campaign with more ad creatives?
  5. @israelmbumba745: Hey Antonio. Really like your video . they're very helpful. Can you please make a video on how you will actually set up ads with a low budget let's say 20 Pounds on the facebook manager.
Thanks very much
  6. @Arceus34: Which one tends to perform better for you? I know every account is different, but I’d love to hear your go-to structure for a mid-level account, say around $2K–$5K/day :D
  7. @ntchakir2232: What if you have multiple countries, then a campaign for each one? And how do you scale that?
  8. @ntchakir2232: Is it okay to run image ads and video ads in a single ad set?
  9. @DrBioCare-l6d: If you want to operate a website with multiple product lines, including jewelry and health supplements, which format is best?

- Meta Andromeda Explained | Why Your ROAS Crashed After October 2025: Kind: captions Language: en Hello everyone. Today we are analyzing the Meta Andromeda update. A fundamental shift in how social advertising functions. Since October 2025, many advertisers have witnessed their rorowass crash, leaving them questioning their core strategies. This was not a temporary glitch, but a permanent structural transformation of the meta ecosystem. In this session, we will explore why your traditional setups have stopped producing results and demonstrate why creative is no longer just an add-on but the primary engine of your performance. We will cover the retrieval engines mechanics and provide a clear playbook for recovery in this new era of digital marketing. Your ads didn't break, the underlying engine did. Between late 2024 and late 2025, Meta completely rebuilt its core delivery system. The new formula for success is creative fit plus signal quality minus manual control. Andromeda runs on advanced NVIDIA Gracehopper hardware utilizing a neural net 10,000 times more complex than the system it replaced. This global rollout concluded in October 2025. While aligned brand saw significant performance gains, legacy setups experienced a rorowass collapse of up to 60%. The difference lies in your campaign structure and alignment with the engine, not just the product or the spend. So, what does Andromeda actually evaluate? It is a content reading retrieval engine that scores your ads before a single user ever sees them. It analyzes the actual visuals, hooks, and language of every ad rather than just relying on metadata tags. For every individual user, the engine predicts which specific creative will resonate and then retrieves the best match from your pool. Signal quality from Sappi and Pixel informs the engine of who actually converted, while creative diversity provides the necessary matches for different user segments. Your job has changed. You must stop trying to control the campaign and start feeding the engine the right inputs. Andromeda has fundamentally flipped the order of operations. In the legacy audience first approach, you selected an audience and matched an ad to them. Your targeting skill was your competitive moat. In the Andromeda way, the engine reads every creative first to predict a per user fit. The engine itself finds the buyer, making creative quality and variety your new competitive moat. These five steps have been completely reversed. If you continue to run the old order on this new engine, you are fighting against the algorithm's natural flow, leading to extreme inefficiency, higher costs, and a total lack of scalability. Where did ROS break and why? We have identified four legacy habits that quietly starve the new engine. First, running too few creatives. Having only three to six ads gives the engine almost nothing to match per user. Second, relying on pixel only signals that are broken by modern privacy restrictions. Third, over narrow targeting through tight interest stacks cages the engine, preventing it from finding cheaper buyers that exist outside your filters. Finally, manual micromanagement and daily edits reset the learning phase. Each habit incurs a heavy cost, ranging from capped reach and rising CPMs to a permanent and costly learning phase. Transitioning requires a line-by-line shift from legacy setups to Andromeda aligned structures. Targeting must move from tight interest stacks to broad or advantage plus audiences, letting the engine search for buyers. Ad volume should increase from the old rule of six ads to 15 to 25 genuinely different ads per ad set. Instead of minor color or copy tweaks, you must focus on distinct angles, hooks, formats, and messengers. Ensure your signal is powered by dduped sapiion and pixel. Maintain stable bidding targets to allow learning to complete and shift measurement toward incremental attribution and hold out testing for true accuracy. When you feed the engine correctly, it pays you back in performance. Creative diversity leads to broader and cheaper reach because the engine finds pockets of demand you never manually targeted. Clean Capi signals ensure faster, stable learning as serverside events survive privacy limitations and sharpen the model's predictions. Broad targeting allows the retrieval engine to reach the full pool of potential buyers it already knows will convert. Finally, focusing on one consistent event, such as purchases, keeps the model stable instead of restarting after every change. Volume isn't the goal. Better inputs are feed the algorithm well. Don't just feed it more. The performance data is conclusive. When accounts move from legacy structures to Andromeda aligned ones without increasing budget, they see a significant lift. Moving from a legacy setup with limited ads to adding CPI, then broadening targeting and finally reaching a fully aligned structure can improve rorowass from 1.8 to 4.1. Meta's internal testing also shows a 22% lift specifically from advantage plus creative over manual setups. These various inputs compound signal targeting and creative work together. When you align with the engine, the structure itself does the hard work of optimizing your returns and stabilizing your growth. To recap, there are six major mistakes still killing rorowaz today. Running too few ads starves the retrieval process. Pixel only tracking leads to broken signals and inflated CPMs. Over narrow audiences prevent the engine from finding the buyers it already knows will convert. Switching optimization events frequently confuses the model and restarts the learning process. Daily micromanagement of budgets and caps ensures the campaign never stabilizes in the learning phase. Lastly, making minor tweaks instead of pursuing true creative diversity fails to provide the variety the engine needs. These habits are now actively fighting against your overall performance. Our recovery playbook is prioritized by impact. This week, fix your foundation. Install Capi. Pick one core event and switch to broad targeting. Stop the daily edits. This month, feed the engine by building 15 to 25 genuinely distinct ads and run incremental attribution experiments. This quarter, scale your success by tagging every creative element and systematizing winning angles into a library. Use value rules to weight high LTV segments. You don't need a new audience. You simply need to stop fighting the engine that is already trying to find your buyers for you. Thank you for your time. If your advertising isn't delivering the results you expect, the problem may not be the budget, it may be the strategy. At Namster Marketing, we help businesses turn advertising into a predictable growth engine. Book a free consultation with our team and let's explore how we can help scale your results.

- Meta Andromeda Explained: 2025 Update Guide: Kind: captions Language: en Hey all, Dan Nikas here. Thanks for jumping on again. I just wanted to take this chance. I've just got back from a conference in Adelaide for Meta where I was presenting as one of their global trainers. Now, when I was over there, I had really interesting conversations with the Meta team that was there about a new update. It's been out for probably 3 or 4 weeks now, maybe a fraction longer depending on what part of the world you're in. But fundamentally, it's called Andromeda, and it's basically the update that's going to change everything about the way that you do ads. So, fresh from them, I just got off the plane yesterday. I'm back home. Soon as I got in the office today, I've sat down to to record this for you. You can see here actually me standing on stage. You can see I'm an actual real life person, not just someone who is sitting behind a computer, not just a YouTube guru. I'm here talking to real life people, which is amazing. Good to get out of town every now and then. So, let's jump right in. So, audience hacks out, signals are in. So, by signals, I mean creative signals. So, Andromeda lets the platform match the message to the buyer. There's no guesswork. The system does the heavy lifting. So basically there's no more layering of interest, micro audiences, micro budgets, even lookalikes are probably on the outer now. No more people um talking about ways to gain the system for ultra laser targeting. It's basically there's been a big shift and the big shift has been coming for a little while for the last couple years in terms of their broad audience matching but this is the first time we've really seen how that broad audience matching the algorithms really working in the background. I'm really excited to take you through it. So why the old structure doesn't work basically complexity doesn't equal control anymore. It's going to throttle scale. So whereas we used to do hundreds of campaigns and hundreds of adsets with an individual ad in each years ago with micro budgets and testing and we had all fancy names for it like shotgun and surfing and all sorts of stuff. That's all changing. We used to go targeting first as media buyers or as brands. Now it's going to be creative first and the creative is going to do the targeting for you. If you're only doing UGC, there is some benefit to that, but it has a glass ceiling. And I'll show you why as we go through what they're looking for in Andromeda now. And feed variety is the key, not the volume of adsets. And again, I'll explain it as we go deeper into it. So, they've not only told us that they're using AI to read your images or videos and determine targeting based on that, they've even given us eight specific types of creatives that they're going to recommend that you use that the AI is going to lean on because it's going to appeal to people at different stages of awareness and different stages of that consideration and buying journey that they're at. So the first is obviously you just seeing testimonials. It gives us a lot of social proof clients of ours that we are doing these for. This is these are influencers or brand ambassadors that have produced content and they're actually excuse me providing a whole lot of trust. They're showing the products in use and they're like the people that we're trying to sell to. So that's why these have always worked well and I'm suggesting that they will still work well. There just has to be a certain point where you need to have this variety because it's not going to cover off on everything that the algorithm or Andromeda is actually looking for. The next one is product features and benefits. So clarity around what's actually working. This is another one of our clients. You can see no more bloat, just better digestments. Product benefit, product benefit, product benefit. So you might have seen this with others. there' be like a a product and what they'll have is they'll have all of these arrows pointing at it and it's all just product features, product benefits of it. So that is the next one of the creatives that they're recommending for us. The next is the us versus them. Again, another client of ours. We sell their sofas and this is a competitor's sofa. We talk about what we can do, what they can't in these different columns here. So it's the differentiation. So you might have seen them sometimes where they might have three ticks each, but ours, the the one you're trying to advertise might only, you know, might have three extras that the others don't as well. And this is a great way for people to do those comparisons. And again, there's different signals for different components, uh, different stages of awareness that people are at or different considerations that people are making and the AI is now picking up on that. And I'll tell you exactly what it's picking up for in the creatives as we go further into this as well. The next one is founder stories. another creator, another brand that we work with. This is one of the founders. She talked about in this video the problem that she was having that she couldn't solve the problem and why she actually developed the brand or the product which in turn became the brand because it solved the problem that she couldn't find a solution for. So that is why this is really important. It builds a lot of trust. Founders are a lot of the time a lot like their ideal client. They've started the brand because of the fact that they cannot solve that problem or that want or need they have with what's out there currently. So they create it themselves. So a founder story works exceptionally well. The next is face to the camera explainers. This is great. We can have people that are experts, perceived experts, have a lot of a lot of trust. It could just be someone who's like your ideal customer avatar explaining how to use a product, the how-to videos, a little bit of education about the benefits of it, about what changes they might have seen in it. So slightly different to UGC sometimes where that's more lifestyle based. These are facing the camera explaining the content of them is very very important. English language use is very important. I'll explain that after I go through these creatives that we have here. The next is carousels. So, ranges and variants. This has always been a mainstay, but this is obviously going to put the right product in front of the right person. The algorithm's always done that. What I would encourage you to do is, especially with the advent of AI, stop just using stock or mockup product images where it's just the actual product images, your hero image on your website like on Shopify. I would encourage you to use AI to put it into a particular lifestyle scenario that's ideally targeting your potential customer or client. So, for argument sake, I wouldn't put one of the sofas or lounges that we have just on a white background. A white sofa on a white background is just very bland, boring. It doesn't really do much. Use AI to put it in. If you don't have the imagery or photography, put it into the lifestyle situation that you think it will fit best into. I'd encourage you to do that on your website full stop now that we have the technology available but that in turn it'll pull that hero image for your product catalog on meta as well which is fantastic. Next one is your stats and proof points. So your credibility so are you working mom with low energy. This is the one where and a good example of this is we have a water filtration company that we market for their water filters do a lot and there's a lot of science and studies behind it. So let's articulate that. So we remove all microplastics, we remove fluoride, we remove chlorine, we actually put back into the water vital trace elements uh and minerals and nutrients that your body actually needs. So the statistics that go with the proof, the proof in turn creates the trust and the credibility. And then on the website, make sure that you have any links to those studies or whatever it is or that proof that you're leaning on. So again, another good creative before and afters before anyone makes a comment about it. I know we can't do before and afters for weight loss or you know personal attributes. What we can do though is we can show different fashion here. We can do before and after let's say water water quality for example what water looks like before it got filtered versus after. We can even do that like with a taste test something along those lines. But before and afters work a lot. It could be lawn care. It could be like look what this fertilizer does for the lawn. You know, there's a really good company here called Lawn Hub in Australia that does a great job of that. So, you know, that's what I mean by before and afters. I don't mean like weight loss or um you know, transferative surgery or something along those lines. It does that goes against the terms of service. I'm talking about before and after of using the product, you know, the results that you can get. So, the creative is now the targeting. So, we we've established that we've got eight different kinds of creatives that we can use and I'd encourage you to use them all. The old ways is that we used to choose the audience and we tried to fit our creative to that or our creative was very bland, very generic and we thought the targeting was the best thing for it and for a period of time it was. But as people have become more and more savvy and the fact that they're being flooded with so many options online now there's there's more discretion there's more decision making. So we need to make sure that we've got creative that caters to any part of that consideration cycle or consideration phase that they're in. So the the new way of doing is the creator defines the audience and different formats again speak to that different stages of awareness. If we look at cold, warm and ready or cold, warm and hot, um cold is people come on to Meta or Instagram, Facebook, they're problem aware, but they're not solution aware or they're not aware that you are a solution. So at that cold stage, one of the creators can introduce your brand as they brand or product as a solution to satisfy or to solve a problem or satisi satisfy a want or a need that they might have. Warm is okay, they aware of you, but there's also other people that they're comparing you to, other brands of the product. We need to educate them. We need to give them the founder stories, the before versus afters, the product features, the proofs, the statistics, everything that I just went through that is at that stage. They're warm. They're aware of you, but they're not quite there yet. We're trying to get them to the ready stages. Once we've got them through those different stages and the AI has determined what level of awareness they're at, it'll put the right ad in front of them, then they'll be ready to buy. So, how is AI seeing what's in your ad? How is it how is it interpreting what's in the ad? And this is really interesting. This is a great conversation that I had with the Meta team over in Adelaide. Now everything a lot of these things we sort of knew already and and I'll go through them one by one but other things I was quite surprised that this is what they're actually doing now. So when you're looking at the setting the um that the image or the videos in so there's going to be some income cues there. So it could be instead like I'll go back to the lounge or so for examp that that lounge or sofa is in is going to be indicative of a certain income status. It's going to give them cues about the income level of the person who's going to be potentially buying the land or going to be the ideal customer. Persons, the next one. Now, we do know that people have always been very important. That's why UGC works so well is because more often than not, the person we're watching is very similar to us. If we're being targeted by that ad, that works because it builds trust. We feel some commonalities and some familiarity with them and we feel like we can relate to them. So that but it's giving demographic cues. So you know we can look at different um different things along the lines of male, female, gender. We've got to look at diversity and things along those lines when we're looking at the person that is in the image or the video. Language. This is a big one that I hadn't really given a whole lot of consideration to. So we always would go through our hooks, our links, our body, our call to action. We'd go through those chunks of what would go into the videos that we were making or the copy that was going as the overlay on the image, but we didn't didn't really give much thought to the tonality or the sophistication of the grammar or the way the wording was put together or the way the talking was put together. Were they using slang? Was there a bit of abrasiveness to it? Um, you know, that is going to help the algorithm or the AI determine the education level of the ideal customer. So, this is very important as well. The problem that you identify in there is going to establish or help establish a life stage. A really good example of this is if you are advertising hearing aids, the problem is that you're hard hearing or that you're, you know, you you your hearing is not great. That's going to be more targeted towards an older demographic. Conversely, if you're having problems with your newborn in terms of your newborn not might not be sleeping, that is going to be fe um that is a different totally different life stage. that is going to be targeting people that are in that typically in that life stage. Um, huge one I'd never thought of before was the music in the background or the music that's playing in conjunction with the creative. That is going to set off a lot of cultural signals. So, it's it can be everything from a location to a education level to what those people are actually interested in. Um, are they athletic? Are they into bougie hotels? are they into the most trending whatever it might but the music is going to be key that's playing on it. And the last one again never thought of this before and probably had subconsciously but never really set scenes around it is the colors. The colors of what people are wearing, the colors of what's in the background, the colors of the product. That's going to help determine the emotional state of the buyer as well. So these are all really key. the setting, the person, the language, the problem, the music, and the colors that are in there. These are all very, very key when it comes to the AI interpreting what it is is the what is the message and what is the ad about and who should it be targeting from there. So, you're going to have to shift your mindset. I've had to I've been in this now since 2011. I've had to shift my mind my mindset massively about the way we do it. retire the hacks, feed the system with good creative. The creative breadth is going to beat the targeting micromanagement, and the smart money is going to let the AI optimize, and that's going to mean that we're going to have to have more and more creative. And I don't just mean getting one video and changing the thumbnail three times and hope that that might work. The content of the video is still going to be the same in each video. The AI is going to be targeting the same person. So, we need more in there. So, we're going to get creative fatigue. Does that mean you need to go and get a heap of video shot? No. As you can see, a lot of the creative that we're talking about in there can be done using imagery, product imagery, putting it in settings. AI allows us to do so much now. So, we might as well lean on it and use that. So, your next three moves, here's your action plan. Um, and I mean, we're doing this with all our brands and we consistently do this with our brands, is you need to order it. And if you run one type of creative, then you're going to you're going to hit a limit about how far you can scale it because you're only sending one set of signals through to Andromeda. So that it's not going to be able to understand everything that's going on. You need to have other different signals to indicate who else you might be trying to target or what different stages of awareness they might be at. Build all those eight creative types that I've taken you through. Rewind the video if you need to to go back through it. You structure it, keep it simple, go broad and let the budget find the winners. It's a very simplified ad system. The complexity is now not in the technical media buying of targeting and setting up convoluted ad systems. It's around the technical side of the creative and not just, you know, you don't just have to drive that creative. You know, media buyers aren't necessarily creative direct uh creative. We don't we're not creators, but we can drive the direction and the brief for the creative based on this information that I'm sharing with you today. Um, and look, if you do need help with any of it, please drop a comment below or just know that at Elite Brands, we do actually build entre already systems daily. So, this is the only way that we build our systems. now. There was a large element of this in it before this update came out, before this new system came out heavier and heavier into every all the little nuances, even the colors in there, the music in the background, the tonality in the voice, everything that goes into it. It's all has to be on point now. So, my advice to you, build an ad account that Andromeda rewards because the early adopters of this are going to be the ones that benefit from it. If you just ignore it and try to keep gaming the system the old way, you're going to get left behind. All right, any other questions? Drop a comment below. Um and I will talk to you all shortly.

  Top Comments:
  1. @trackingconsulting [2 likes]: Excellent. The Andromeda update marks a significant advancement for Meta’s conversion tracking and data processing capabilities. Integrating this with server-side tracking and proper event deduplication can help advertisers achieve far better attribution accuracy.
  2. @bernfiveten9243 [2 likes]: Great explanation, thankyou  -   whats your approach to now identify winning ads? when they could be part of a sequence that acually gets the conversion.
  3. @AdvertiserSETTOOLS [1 likes]: excellet.Great explanation, than😍🥰🥰🥰🥰
  4. @EriksLego4everInventions [1 likes]: In your opinion, in what ways has the funnel changed?
  5. @drocoar: Great video! I have a question: do you leave all placements open so the AI can decide where to show the ads, including, for example, reward videos in video games?
  6. @MariaGomez-lg2ug: With Andromeda, everyone's talking about consolidating all ads into one set, but how do I know if my ads are working on the top or bottom of the funnel?

And most importantly: what happens to retargeting now that we have custom audiences? Why is nobody talking about it now with Andromeda? Does it still make sense to separate prospecting from retargeting, or do we just let Meta decide the entire funnel?
  7. @JeffLewistennis: Hey. Beginner here. I sell online courses so feel like I need a warm audience. Do I just put my TOF ads in with my CTA ads? Or is there a better strategy? Thanks!
  8. @cristianchiarelli9725: How to structure account right now? in past i used: 1) stable/scaling campaign 2) retargetig campaign 3) testing campaign 4) engagement/traffic campaign but now?
  9. @W100kd: I almost left because of the background music, but then realised it was only the first minute. I think it would help to remove the irritating background music in your next videos.
  10. @divyv20: Hie Elite,  watched this full video and its literally packed with so much information. I was shocked after providing so much value this video still has less views . According to me I think this video has not reached to more audience due to 2-3 reasons and if you crack that you will get more views . The 1st main reason is Thumbnail don’t give clear reason to click , 2nd is the hook is not made very engaging through editing and the 3rd reason is not strong Seo optimization due to which video has not reached the interested audience . I have helped creators to solve such problems and grow their channels + business massively . I would love to work with you Man . Would you be open to a quick chat ?

- How to Get More Leads with Meta Ads in 2026 | Andromeda Update: Kind: captions Language: en In this video, we're breaking down exactly how to set up your Facebook ads manager and how to use it to get more leads in 2026. Now, this channel is all about growth. It's all about giving you the value that you need to succeed. So, if you're only here and the only thing you need from me is exactly how to set up the campaign, go to this exact time code. However, I would recommend watching the entire video because you'll get a lot of value out of it. We teach you exactly what to do when things don't go right and exactly what to do and how you know when to make changes inside of the campaign. Let's talk about why most Facebook ads fail in 2026. People simply overcomplicate it. Facebook has made it clear that they pretty much want to take out the middleman. They're trying to simplify the process and put more of the power in the system that they have actually built. Most people do the opposite. They literally try to over complicate things and outsmart one of the smartest targeting algorithms ever built. They start stacking interest. They start adding all these audiences. They start adding all these exclusions. They just overcustomize everything. Facebook has made it clear that they want to make a simple process to make it easier on the market to actually set it up and put more pressure on making an actual good ad. So, before we even touch the ads manager, you need to understand the exact structure that we're going to use. If you're running your first low-budget lead generation campaign where you're just trying to get leads into your business, the best structure is one campaign, one adset, and a couple of ads. And that makes things way easier for you because simple wins. So, if you've never seen Ads Manager before, before I show you this, do not do not start to doubt yourself or, you know, think this is some complicated thing because it's simpler than it's ever been. Now, we are in a completely fresh Facebook ads manager. And what I'm going to do is show you the simple setup. So, we'll go through this pretty quickly because everything in here is pretty simple. There's no reason to over complicate it. So, first you need to know there's three levels. There's campaigns, there's adsets, there's ads. Campaign is the top level. So, campaign, we're going to hit create. You're going to choose what you're actually getting here. Now, the only two I ever recommend anybody using is sales and leads. Now, we're looking for leads. So, we're going to click on leads. campaign name. You can name it whatever you want. So, today we're going to actually do one for a window cleaning service, a mock window cleaning service. Um, so I'm just going to name this uh window cleaning campaign for example. And then I usually like to put my dates on things just just for easy reference to when I um built the campaign. Now, at the budget level, you want to choose a campaign budget, not an adset budget. This is called a CBO, which is campaign budget optimization. CBO, campaign budget. Click on campaign budget when it comes to your daily budget. Now, a lot of people will say otherwise. Me personally, I don't recommend running any type of Legion ads or any type of ads below $50 a day if you're actually trying to make some serious money here. I'm not saying it doesn't work below there, but I would recommend starting there. My personal recommendations, that's all I can give you. So, once you have your daily budget set, we're going to skip all of this. That's it. At the campaign level, all we did was set our budget and name the campaign. That's it. Very simple. As you can see over here, you have a thing called advantage plus leads campaign. This is what Facebook is trying to push so heavy. Um, but there's certain things that we use out of it and certain things that we don't use out of it. So, next we're going to go to the adset level. As you can see, we went down one level. Like I was showing you guys earlier, you have a campaign, you have adset, and you have ads. Now, inside this campaign, we've already automatically created an adset. So, on the adset, what we're going to do is name this adset um, for example. So, right here, we're going to name this ads set graphic ads 12:15, which is the date. Okay? And then the conversion location. You could choose an instant form or you can choose messenger calls, whatever you want it to be, website if you want to push people to your website, whatever you want to do. Uh, today we're going to do Messenger. What that's going to do is send them to the actual Facebook Messenger or the Instagram DM to be able to send us a message or inquire about our service. Budget strategy on the start date. You know, right now it's 10 o'clock Eastern. I always like my ads to start the next day around like 6:00 a.m. All we've touched so far is Messenger. Obviously, make sure you choose your Facebook page correctly. Make sure it's running to your business's Facebook page. And we've named our adset. Next, what we're going to do is go to our audience. Now, once again, you can get super technical here and add all these crazy things in here, and I promise you it it will perform less than something where you keep everything pretty broad. Now, on the locations, we're going to choose a location that we're trying to target today. And if I look on this area, I'm trying to think about, okay, where are my target audience? Where are they going to be? Where do I want people to see this ad? Now, we're doing window cleaning. So, I'm thinking that most of my window cleaning and some of my ads that I've already built is targeting people near water because the water, the wind that's always getting on the windows. You know, they probably going to have dirtier windows. So, anywhere really in here, um, you know, if this is an area you're familiar with, if you're setting up the ad account, you will know where most of your target audience is. And the next video, I'm actually showing you how to actually do deep research with AI to actually gather insane amount of information. So, you can use it to build out, you know, landing pages, websites, good copy, Facebook ads, all that stuff. So, you can properly target these people by seeing what their pain points are, what they're actually saying, what their thought processes are, where they hang out. because all that information, all those data points will help you be more accurate with targeting that specific person that could potentially give you money. I'm just going to choose some random areas over here, but you know what you can do is you can drop a pin or you can put an exact address and then set a radius. What I'm going to do is just put a pin, you know, somewhere right here for example. And then we're going to set our radius at around 25 miles. That covers a good little bit of area, a little bit of coastal um just because you get so much of the actual ocean here. What I would probably do is take another pin um and then just move this in. So if I just move this pin a little bit more in and then go 25 miles like that, we get way less ocean and we get more actual uh land mass. So we'll take Cam County off here and then we have this pinpoint uh that gave us a longitude and latitude at 25 miles. Now if you wanted to make this a bit smaller and only target those coastal towns, all you have to do is put the pin further to the right and then make your radius smaller. And that's it. When it comes to location, that's it. Simple as that. You can also right here, you can suggest an audience. You can choose ages. You can choose genders. You can choose detailed targeting like demographics, interests, and behaviors. I would not recommend changing any of this unless you know for certain like you have a you have a product or service that's only tailored to men. Now, if you're a landscaper, you may think, "Oh, only the men are going to swipe up." No, that's not true. Keep everything as broad as possible, unless you for certain are targeting only women. Like if you're doing if you have a eyelash business, yes, you should target women, you know, unless you know, unless you're in uh Cali or Seattle or something like that, maybe keep it open. Now, placements you can keep pretty broad here as well. All devices you want to be on all platforms to be honest. I will be honest. Uh most of the time I do turn off audience network. From my understanding, this is like certain little blogs and things of that sort, which I don't really um think really gets me a good conversion. So, I usually do Instagram, Facebook, and Facebook Messenger. Um, and then what I do is always uncheck this, which says allow limited spend to excluded placements, which is saying, "Hey, if we think we can actually get you a better return on the one that you turned off, then will you allow us to use 5% of your budget on that one?" My answer is no. And guess what? At the adset level, that's it. Because the focus in 2026 is at the actual ad level. This is where everything counts. So, the first thing we're going to do is actually name our ad. You can name this whatever. I actually have an ad that's tailored towards people who live near Saltwater. So, I'm going to call this saltwater ad one and then put my date. For example, make sure your Facebook page is correct. Make sure your Instagram page is correct. You have a couple options here. You can use an existing post or you can create a create an ad. If you have a nice video on your Facebook page that you really think, you know, it's been getting a lot of engagement and you really think it'll resonate with your audience and you want to push that a little bit further, you can use an existing post from your Instagram account or your Facebook page and run that as an ad to that specific audience we've now chosen. Today, we're going to click create ad. Um, and then we're going to use a single image or video. Uh, right now a carousel is simply one of those strollable multi-image um, posts that you usually see on Instagram. You know, you keep scrolling and there's multiple images in one post. Um, you can get really creative and make those convert, but today we're only talking about single image or video formats. At the creative level, this is where we're going to actually upload the ads that we want to run. So, what I did is I went on Canva. I found some simple templates for window cleaning. Did I made a few changes just for the sake of the video, but nothing too crazy of, hey, don't let that salt water build up on your windows. See your waterfront view clearly. Again, these people pay premium prices to live near the water. You want to make sure your windows are clean to make sure you can clearly see it. I'm targeting that painoint. They feel they feel the conviction of like, hm, yeah, why not? And that it's 30% off this month only. That pushes urgency. They feel like they have to do it now. Click this ad now. Don't wait until it comes up again. Click it now. This one here, we're pushing packages. you know, right here, we're pushing best prices in town. We're targeting a completely different customer here. We're trying to find the person who's looking for that deal. Maybe they're shopping around with other people um that, you know, have window cleaning companies. We're saying, "Hey, these are our prices up front. We're being transparent on why you should choose us over that other company if our prices are better and they are the best prices in town." This one is more of that higher level, that higher paying customer that, you know, hits that pain point. This one is the guy who's shopping around and is looking for the deal. Now, I made this other ad to show you something that I want to make clear that a lot of people mess up on. This ad is specifically targeting people looking for commercial window cleaners. That's a completely different target audience. This is how you know when you should make a new campaign. You know, if you're still targeting, you know, people in the residential niche, that should be under the one campaign. Once you break out of that and you start targeting commercial business owners, that's a completely different sector. So, that's when you want to make a new campaign. And you don't, some people will say, "Oh, keep it in the same campaign and make a different adset." No. Two separate campaigns, one for residential, one for commercial. Setup creative. We go image creative. We're going to upload our creative. The image is going to upload right here. Select media placement options. Now, what I usually do is always go original just so we can make sure we show the full thing. All right. Now that we're at the primary text tab, in my next video, what I'm going to do is show you exactly how to make insanely effective primary text where you can literally do research with AI to know exactly where your potential customers hang out, what they look like, how they act, how they respond, what their pain points are, things they're saying online, what their struggles have been with other companies, what they really have went through, what what the reviews of your competitors say. All that information gets compiled into fundamental documents. So now you can use that to your advantage to speak the language of your customer through these ads. But for today's video, since I haven't made that video yet, we're just going to type something out really quick for the sake of the video. Being locally owned, we know just how beautiful. Ah, I should have chose the word beautiful. Beautiful. Cuz I don't know how to spell it. And uh I'm doing that on camera. Look, all I know how to do is make money. I don't know how to spell. Being locally owned, we know just how beautiful those oceanfront or those river, those waterfront. Click below to get your free estimate. And then the next thing you'll see is the advantage plus creative text generation. Now, sometimes these can be good. Facebook is basically reading what I just wrote and trying to make different variations of it. Um, but most of the time I do end up turning these off. If you see one that looks good, keep it on. Uh, like I said, I usually just turn it off. Now, the headline, this is the text that'll be actually at the bottom of your ad next to the actual call to action button. So, for something like this, I would put locallyowned. I'll show you where this uh headline will actually be. So, you can kind of decide what you want to put there in relation to your business. Description. You can put a description. I find this to be heavily irrelevant. So, I don't usually put a description at all. Now, when it comes to the call to action, you have a lot of options to choose from. I always say pick the one that most aligns to what the customer is actually doing. when they click this ad, what are you asking them to do? Are they sending you a message? Are they going to a website and hitting shop now? Are they going to a booking form? Are they contacting you? Like, you know, calling you or something like that? Um, are they getting a quote? What are you What are you actually doing? So, because I mentioned getting a free estimate in the actual primary text, what I'm going to do is actually click here and choose the get quote button. Okay. After the text, what we go to is the Advantage Plus creative image generation tool. This is one of the newest additions to the Facebook Ads Manager. Um, and it can be effective sometimes, but usually for my use cases, I haven't seen many image generations that actually align or that I think what I would actually use. But, you know, when you get to this stage, you can look and make make a decision for yourself if you think any of these look really good. Um, these don't look good. I would not use any of these. Um, but if you wanted to, you can just click the ones that you want to use and you could have multiple variations inside of one ad. Facebook tries to push these advantage plus creative enhancements like it's propaganda. Um, I don't use any of this except for this singular one sometimes, which is visual touch-ups, just because it does help if you have a smaller like, you know, let's say a one by one um, square creative, it'll kind of expand, as you can see on the story post to fill that negative space. So, you can now have some of your stuff on reals or stories as well. So, most of the time I do turn this on. Um, but for the sake of this video, we're going to turn keep that off as well as turn this crap off. Do never, ever, ever turn this on. Make sure add music is off. Now, what you want to do is go through these placements and make sure everything looks a-ok. Okay. If you aren't, what you can do is click any one of the placements that you don't like and click these three dots and then you can click edit placement. When you click edit placement, you can crop it. You can change the thing. You can actually change the text that they see. Um, so for example, I can click here and I can change the actual creative that they see for this specific placement on the Instagram mobile feed. Now, everything looks good on here. One of the last steps we have here for this specific campaign structure is the message template. This is where we can find out a little bit of information about our lead before we even speak to them. Um, which is insanely effective because you can actually make sure you're responding to leads who are a bit more qualified um, just by making them go through this automated step. So, we're going to click create and we're going to send them a quick welcome message. So, what we can do here is actually say, "Hey," and then you could choose insert personalization. What I like to do is first name. Hey, my name. Um, and then this will say obviously the person's Facebook first name. Hey, whatever their name is. Thanks for checking out our window cleaning company. Obviously, please don't type this. Make sure you make this good. Then what you're going to do is actually going to go to the questions. Now, right here, you can ask whatever questions you want to know about your customer before you talk to them. And then you can actually have answer choices that they can choose. Now, or what you can do is set this up as a custom question where they don't have answer choices. It's just open-ended. And what I like to do is start with one question because you don't want a lot of resistance. The more questions you add, the more people people get annoyed. They'd rather just talk to somebody. Um, so you want to keep this super limited, but at the same time still trying to qualify the customer based on whatever service or product you offer. So, the question I'm going to ask him here is, "Where is the address you would like to receive a quote?" Now, when this person clicks our ad, what they're going to do is they're going to see this top message. Hey person, thanks for checking out our window cleaning company. Where is the address you would like to receive a quote? Now, completion message. after they actually respond to this message. Literally, you can just send them a message that says, no matter what they say here in response to your question, you send them a response that says, "Thanks. We will get somebody right with you." Just because you don't want to act like this is an actual person. You want to make sure they know that part was automated and that somebody's going to be right with you. Then you could start responding to the lead. Now, for your privacy policy, all you got to do is if you have a website, go ahead and put in that privacy policy right here. So that whatever that page may be, if you don't, between me and you, you can literally type in anything here. uh hit save and then hit got it. Now that will save as a automatic template. So you can make multiple different ones of those. You can create new ones based on the actual ads and all that kind of stuff. That's it. You have created your first ad. You've set up the ads set and the campaign. Now I have another creative, right? I have another ad that I would like to use. What I usually like to do is click quick duplicate. What this does is it makes an exact copy within the same adset. So I'm going to click quick duplicate. and don't check any of these. It's trying to make recommendations to use all that AI crap that we know does not work. So, turn that off and click duplicate. Now, what I'm going to do is start from the top again and I'm going to change the name to creative. And then what we're going to do here is hit remove media. We're going to go add media, add image, and we're going to add that second creative. So, I'm going to upload that from my computer here. We're going to hit packages. We're going to check our crop once again. Now, this one looks pretty good. This one we're going to choose original. you know, this creative is more tailored to the actual packages and having the best prices in town. Um, so we're trying to get people to book because our prices are really good. Um, and if they resonate with those prices, then they can go ahead and book. So, what I would put in the actual primary text here is actually explaining these packages. $49 basic shine. What's included with that? How many windows or something like that? What's actually included? What do the person get? $79, what do they get in that package? $119, what do they get in that package? So, I would put that here. So, I'm literally just coming up with something for the sake of actually showing you where things go. We'll keep the same headline because I think that's a huge selling point of being locally owned. People usually trust people in their community more than some corporate company. Uh, call to action, get quote will be the same. So, in here at the bottom, click below to get your click below to book your appointment. Now, on this one, because we've already included pricing, we're going to choose a different CTA. We told them to click below to book your appointment. We didn't say to get your free estimate. So, turn these off again. Facebook turns them back on sometimes. And then we're going to choose on here, book now. Image generation. It's going to come up with some different ones. We're not going to use any of these. We're going to hit skip all of these. We're going to keep all of them off. Make sure everything is off. Everything's off. Everything's off. Everything's off. Our second creative is set up. And that's literally it. That's the whole process. All you would do is hit preview to publish and you would have your Facebook ads running. Once this goes live, this is where most people mess up. They feel like they got to pay attention to everything. They got to look at the data. They feel like, "Oh, it's not working." And they're focused on, "Oh, I'm putting money behind this thing and it's not really working within 2 to 3 days." Do not touch the campaign for the first 48 to 72 hours. Let it actually learn. Let it actually use the algorithm to the advantage to find your target audience. That 72-hour window is nothing but a simple learning process of it trying to figure out who's actually going to respond to this ad. All I'm looking for is simple signals. Are people clicking it? Are leads actually coming in? All we need is direction. I tell people all the time, you literally can't waste money with Facebook ads. You either spend money to make more money or you spend money to learn what does not get you more money. Now, once you're live, maybe there comes a time where things aren't adding up. You know, things are starting to slow down or you're not getting enough leads or whatever it may be. But the problem is people start trying to change so much things at once. So, I'm going to tell you exactly how to narrow down what your issue is based on what you're seeing. If you're getting clicks but no leads, that's not a targeting problem. It's simply an offer problem. What are you offering them? They're clicking on this but then they don't want it. It's an offer issue. If you're not getting clicks at all, that's not a budget issue. You don't need to increase your budget. You don't need to do anything. All you need to do is change your actual creative. Your creative sucks. The core sucks. The thing that people see when they're scrolling on Facebook, it sucks. change it, delete it, get rid of it, make a new one. And the biggest issue that everybody's going to face at some point is the leads are low quality. Now, that's not a budgeting problem. That's not a targeting problem. It's really a clarity problem. Is your ad clearly stating who you're trying to work with? Are you clearly speaking to who you're actually trying to target? Now, for example, you saw earlier I made an ad that was targeting, you know, people who had salt water on their windows. Those people are going to live near the water. If I'm getting a lowquality lead, somebody who lives in a trailer park with three windows and wants me to come clean it or, you know, they they they think I'm going to clean their Nissan Ultima windows. No, that's not what I'm looking for. My ad clearly speaks to who I'm trying to target. Keep it super simple. Fix one thing at a time, and let the system respond. Don't go changing the campaign structure, making a new campaign, adding all these audiences and stuff. That's where you screw things up. So, that's Facebook lead generation 2026. As you can see, the goal here is simplicity over complexity. Now, lucky for you, I truly do appreciate you watching to the end of the video. My offer to you is to join our free Discord. In our free Discord, we have people who are actively running ads. They're sharing what's working. You can actually find people who will help you with your ads. We're giving out free sauce. People in here actually know what's going on. Remember, knowledge is literally wasted space in your brain if you don't do anything with it. So, click the subscribe button, get out of here, and go implement what you learned.

  Top Comments:
  1. @LeadsmithMedia [1 likes]: Hey! Thanks for creating this video! Very clear walk through. Really appreciate it. NOTE: I was trying to join your discord, but your invite expired.
  2. @dinatudanladi1167: This is awesome man. Thank you❤
  3. @fakhir55: bro you need to work on your thumbnails
  4. @Sydneykhathaway: suddenly i’m very interested in facebook ads

- How to get Meta Andromeda to behave (willingly): Kind: captions Language: en While 92% of people on Twitter are complaining about how Meta Andromeda is crushing their ad performance, I'm going to show you how relatively easy it is to scale on Meta if you have the right creative strategy. So, the first thing to learn about creative strategy in 2025 is that you need creative diversity. Ads look different and say different things. You need volume because the algorithm now handles thousands of ad candidates at a single time for Andromeda to select from. And you also need velocity. And this means that the time to launch is as instantaneous as you can make it. And this is a slide from Meta where they mention that creative volume is key to creative effectiveness. And volume is more important than ever. Meta Andromeda our nextg ads retrieval system is designed to improve results for advertisers with a high volume of diverse assets. And they even say that you can't scale budgets without scaling volume. So as performance improves and budgets scale, creative volume fuels delivery. You might have seen this slide from me before, but you want to brainstorm this with your team and use this mind map for different concepts. And you can pair the left side with the right side. So the left side shows you static ad formats. The left side also shows you video ad formats that you can test. Talking head UGC, AI UGC, AI B-roll, podcast style, street interview style, green screens, reactions, comment replies, skits, how-to explainers, before after transformations. These are for video. And you can pair these with messaging frameworks and personas. And you know people always want to avoid effort, save time, avoid mental or physical strain, increase comfort, improve health, improve status or luxury. They want to feel loved. They want to be praised and appreciated. And you can pair these universal human motivators with me messaging frameworks like list of calls, problem agitate solutions, founder stories, customer testimonials, testimonial mashups. And to really nail down the funnel, you can make ads for different stages of awareness, like people who are unaware that they have a problem at all or people that are aware of they their problem, but they don't know what to do about it. Solution aware, they kind of know what to do about it, but they don't know about your product. product aware ads are for people that are aware of your product but don't know why they need to do something about it now and ads that are for people most aware maybe this could be remarketing or uh retention based efforts and I stole this from the guys that are running ads from the ecom brand OBV but it's a great framework to also think about the uh visual diversity so you can have hi-fi I static ads that look like they're produced by a studio. You can have static ads that are loi handwritten notes video that looks lowfi. These could be UGC ads. Of course, you also have the hi-fi highquality high production video ads that are produced in studio. And now I'm going to go into this a little bit further very shortly, but you can brief your creatives in a modular way. And video ads always have to start with a hook because if your ad doesn't hook, then no one's going to watch it and your ad gets ignored. And the hook leads into the body or the app demo. And they always end with a call to action. and the body. You can remix this infinitely. If you don't have a winning body already, or if you have a winning body, you can keep reusing that and keep testing new hooks on it. You can look at the ad libraries of Moonggate or Rise or Better Me or Simple Dieting app. You can quickly deconstruct their strategy. If you just watch a few dozen of their video ads, you can find that they're almost always testing one or two or three different body videos, but they keep swapping new hooks on it because they know that the body is working and they just want to test new hooks on it. The hook is the targeting. If you test new hooks, then the hooks will go out and find different people to to target. And I'll go over this a little bit in um in a Fig Jam for you. And and that doesn't mean that you shouldn't be testing new bodies or or new concepts. Yes, you need to be doing that to find new ad concepts that are winning, but you also need to learn how to maximize the ad concepts that are already working or are very close to working. So, this was a post that went pretty viral on X and from Ali Hudson, a good follow on Twitter if you're not following him. So, he writes, "I wanted to share a key insight from a creative workshop we ran with Meta this week. The focus was on scaling under Andromeda and how much creative similarity now impacts reach, cost, and fatigue. Meta now treats two ads as identical if they share the similar first 3 seconds even if the copy message or CTA is different. What that means practically same creator plus same setting equals same ad. Slight copy variations isn't recognized as a new concept. Visual similarity overrides narrative difference. The big shift meta now rewards creative built around personas, not platforms. Different motivators unlock new audiences 89% of the time. It confirms that it confirms what we've seen inside ad accounts over the past 6 months. Persona based ads perform better and last longer not because they're not just reskins. They're built to resonate with new types of people. So what does that mean for iteration? It's not enough to just test copy and overlays anymore. We've test we've started to evolve our testing and creative strategy in a few key ways. Number one, push bigger visual swings after a winner emerges. Once we've got a winning format, the instinct is to go incremental, but now we're we're rethinking scenes, locations, setups entirely to escape similarity penalties. Number two, this one's really interesting. Changes to the hook. change the hook to change the audience. So, I mentioned before and I've mentioned in previous videos that the hook is retargeting. So, the first 3 seconds if they're different, if they look different and if they say different things, then it's a new ad in Meta's eyes. So, you want to really memorize this part and use this to tap into new motivators without remaking the whole asset. Number three, this is also very interesting. Recycle winning ads with fresh B-roll. Swapping in new B-roll gives it a second life with fresh delivery because the visuals are different. And fourth layer, persona insights directly into creative briefs. Bernal briefing hooks and styles based on demographic and psychoraphic differences, not just product benefits. Okay, so if your ads are sitting left of center on this chart, you're probably already feeling the ceiling. Meta doesn't just want more ads, it wants more variation and it's getting ruthless about what counts. So if we open this less differentiated on the left hand side, more differentiated on the right. So to help you visualize this a little bit more, once you have a body or a demo video block that you know performs well, it explains your product or your app. um touches all the features and benefits and and problem and solution and and all that testimonial, social proof, urgency, and the and then they end with a call to action. Once you have a block like that that you know performs well, you've tested it or you're you're constantly testing and finding new body videos, which is something that you should be doing, you can start to test a lot more hooks onto it because Meta's told us that the first 3 seconds, if it's completely different, Meta is going to treat it like a new ad. So, think of it like the hook is your new targeting. And so you can start to test lots and lots lots of new hooks onto this body or this body or this body. You can end with the same call to action or you can test different call to action end cards. This is how you can scale out a lot of variations that are very diverse and you can do this in a very lazy way. And the way to think about the body is that you have a database of a lot of different clips of B-roll. Um, things that mention the problem, things that mention the solution, different ways to mention the solution, ways to mention the features and benefits and advantages. And you you can just start to remix this all together. Add new things in there. You can generate new B-roll with AI now and it looks very real. We're doing this right now. You can use AI like Sora 2 or Veo 3.1 to generate new hooks. This is uh something that everybody's starting to do. And if you're not doing this already, you should test it. See if it works for you. And if it doesn't, test it one or two more times to see if it works because it's definitely working. And you see a lot of apps starting to test AI visual hooks and B-roll. So, let me know in the comments below if this was helpful for you. And go check out sovereign.ai AI if you want to test out and scale out a lot of video ad variations to help you scale on meta

  Top Comments:
  1. @willallen9017 [1 likes]: Great video Manson! Question: what kind of budget do you need per creative now? I get that volume is important, but if we test 1000 ad variants in a month, how much do we need to be spending to make that work? If we have a fixed budget, say $20k/mo, how many creatives should we be testing, I would think 1000 would be too much? Thanks!
  2. @shevchenko_oleksii: "1000s of ad candidates for Andromeda to select from" - available during which period of time? 1000s simultaneously?
  3. @Krishnsakhistore: good details. After update chnaged hooks for lesser than 3s now will increase time and check if Andromeda update considers that.
  4. @drsoper: Nice work Manson 🙏

- Mastering Meta Ads with the Andromeda Update: Kind: captions Language: en Feeling frustrated with your Facebook and Instagram ad performance? You're not alone. The new Meta Andromeda update has changed the game for e-commerce brands. Let's explore how this affects your advertising strategy. Meta's algorithm is shifting focus. Instead of emphasizing targeting, the performance of your creative is now the main driver of success. So, what does this mean for you? First, let's break down the core features of Meta's Andromeda update. It uses AI to assess ads even before they enter the auction. This means if your creative lacks impact, your ad may never reach its audience irrespective of your targeting efforts. To adapt, focus on the quality of your creatives. Make those first three seconds count. Clearly showcase your product, its audience, and its unique selling point. The update encourages creative diversity. Don't rely on a single hero ad. Create packs of various creatives for each campaign. Use different hooks, angles, and formats such as images, reels, and carousels. This diversity provides Meta's algorithm with a broader range of signals to reach users effectively. Additionally, take advantage of Meta's automation tools. Broad targeting and advantage plus shopping campaigns can help streamline your ad placement without manual optimization, leaving you more time to enhance the creative itself. Next, maintain clean tracking and conversion data. Make sure all your tracking pixels are correctly installed and triggering essential events such as purchases. Clean data allows Meta's algorithm to evaluate your creative performance accurately. When testing your ads, focus on big creative concepts. Small changes usually yield negligible results. Instead, vary offers and styles to discover what resonates best with your audience. Ad fatigue occurs faster than ever with the Andromeda update. So, regularly refresh your ads. Follow the 50, 30, 20ths model by refreshing with a mix of winning ads, new angles, and experimental ideas to keep things fresh. Adjust your strategy to feed the algorithm with strong inputs. Use various creative formats, clear messaging, and ensure that your content is optimized for mobile devices. This is essential for creating an effective meta ad strategy moving forward as you adjust to the Andromeda update. Partner with tools like AdScale. Adscale can help you develop creative diversity, align with Meta Advantage Plus, enhance tracking and manage frequent refresh cycles to prevent ad fatigue. In summary, the Meta Andromeda update shifts your ad strategy from targeting to emphasizing creative performance. To succeed, prioritize creative variety, refresh often, utilize automation, and maintain accurate conversion data. Ready to enhance your meta ad strategy? Embrace the creative first approach the Andromeda update demands. Let's work together to optimize your campaigns for a changing landscape.

- Alex Hormozi's NEW Facebook Ads Strategy (Andromeda Breakdown): Kind: captions Language: en Have you guys seen Alex Hermosi's ads recently? All right, just come up here, check this out. All right, so we're in the ads library right now and I want to show you guys the ads that he is running. Okay, look look at these simple ads, right? This is a white background, black text. If you're a seven-figure landscaping or hardscaping business, we want to help you scale. Next one. If you're a content agency doing a million a year, we want to help you scale. Next one. If you're a seasoned weight loss clinic practice, we want to help you scale. Now, he has 1,700 active ads going on right now. Okay, we can go to the top just to show you. 1,700 ads, okay? And once we come down here, I'm going to come back to these. He has probably hundreds of these black and white images, okay? All calling out different avatars. Look at all this. So, once I saw this, I was like, this is crazy. I wonder if he's doing it with School, too. And he is, okay? Check this out. So, over here on School, okay? They have 3,700 active ads going and they're doing the same play, okay? You can see keto coaches, business coaches, holistic health coaches, self-defense teachers, swimming coaches, ceramic teachers, tennis coaches, mental health coaches, sobriety group coaches, divorce therapists. And again, if I just keep scrolling, this just keeps going on. Energy healers, spray tan business owners. Like, there's so many and some of these are funny. I'm like, man, these are super niche, you know? Money mindset coaches, sewing teachers, dating coaches. I again, I'm telling you, they just go on and they'll probably do about a hundred or so, what it looks like for one type of style and then they'll make like more styles. But again, they're all they're doing the same type of creative style, just different avatars. Now, when I saw this, I was like, wow, this is a great example of how Andromeda, which is the new update Facebook made. If you guys haven't watched my older video on that, go check it out. It just really covers the big changes Facebook has made here. I'm going to share with you guys just a quick article, little bit and an tidbit on it. And then I'm going to share with you guys how I would structure something similar if you're a smaller business trying to scale with Facebook ads using a similar strategy, okay? So, let's come back. Jon Loomer is an OG in the in the Facebook advertising space. He made an awesome article on this. In the other video I I made, I also referenced this article. So, let me just going to break this down. From a high-level overview, Andromeda is Meta's new retrieval engine. It takes millions of ads and narrows them to find thousands of candidates and it does so in a way that Meta claims is faster, smarter, and more personal than ever before. In other words, Andromeda is designed to handle the explosion of creative options. The more meaningful variety you provide, the more opportunities Andromeda has to connect the right message to the right person. So, coming back to this over here, you can see he's got a lot of variety in who he's calling out. And with the Andromeda update, the retrieval engine is better. So, it's better at finding the right people to put the right ads in front of. So, you used to have to be really specific with your targeting at the ad set level and only say, hey, I want a look-alike audience or I want Tony Robbins' audiences and interests and all this stuff. That has changed so much. Now, in 2025, going into 2026, the creative itself does the targeting. So, whoever you call out in the ad, the ad is going to get served in front of. Okay, Facebook has developed a technology that allows us to not worry so much about targeting and instead, we can focus more on the ad itself to be delivered in front of the right person. Okay, so before I share my screen and walk through the campaign setup, let's just talk from a high-level overview. You'll notice that Hermosi and School both call out different avatars in all of their ads. If you're doing less than a million a year, it's probably not a good idea for you to test multiple different avatars, okay? So, instead, how I would structure this is I would have one specific avatar and I would test out multiple different pain points or hooks or problems or goals or outcomes that they want to achieve. So, we want to use creative diversity to have different marketing messages that apply to the same person. Because what that allows you to do is instead of trying to figure out who do I help with all these things, most of the time we already have an idea of who our avatar is. So, instead of of targeting different avatars, pick one avatar and have multiple problems. And then what we can do is once we find a winning angle, so a winning problem, by putting all of these into one ad set, which I'll show you how to do in a second, we spend a bunch of money on them and we see Facebook's like, this one right here got you the most leads. This one right here got you the most amount of sales. Now, I can say, cool, what is the copy that was used in that creative? And that is what I can make more ads around. If you're under a million a year, you don't need multiple avatars. You need one or two really strong winning angles, okay? Angles are like pain points. And then we want to make a bunch of different creatives around that angle. As you scale, you will need more angles, you'll need more avatars, etc. But when you guys saw this video and you saw how he was doing it, I just want to say, hey, you do not need to have multiple avatars for your ads. If anything, it's going to make it more confusing for you. When you're at scale, you do. He needs to make his total addressable market bigger. If you're under a million a year, you don't. Pick one avatar and test a bunch of problems. All right? So, let's jump into the logistics of how to do that. Okay, I'm here on my computer right now and this is how I like running most of my campaigns nowadays with these new updates. Again, because targeting isn't as important anymore, targeting happens more at the ad level. So, I'm a huge fan of having just one simple campaign, right? Where we have one broad ad set and then inside we have 10 to 50 ads. All of those are going to be either top of funnel ads, middle of funnel, and bottom of funnel. All are in there together, working together to decrease your cost per result that you're optimizing the campaign for, okay? That's what I like to do. Now, the problem with that is that if you're going to do something like this where we're going to test a bunch of different creatives, okay? Like, you know, 20 to 50 that are all kind of minor tiny tweaks, I wouldn't want to drop that in this one ad set campaign because it's going to shift a bunch of the budget away from what's already optimizing and working. So, it can actually destabilize the campaign as it's going through testing. Facebook is is trying to expand the limit of amount of ads that can be in an ad set. I've heard some people say they have upwards of 250 ads per ad set. I still have some older campaigns that only have a 50 ads per ad set limit. So, if I dropped 20 different ads inside of here, I'm not going to have ad room for other ads. So, because of that, you're going to want to do a two-campaign structure if you're going to do creative testing like this. Now, how I would run this is I would make one campaign, one ad set, very broad and I would throw all of the different variations, again, minor variations, into that existing ad set. Testing new hooks, pain points, etc. And see what gets the most spent, okay? What gets the most spent, what gets the most results. Then I would take that and then I would say, okay, cool, this is the winning angle. Now, I'm going to start making more ads, aka this is creative diversity, more ads to test with this angle so I can scale my campaigns. Again, the name of the game right now is creative diversity and the thing is what I'm hearing a lot of people think say when they think creative diversity is like starting from scratch ads, making it from ground zero. But again, if you're under a million a year or even at 2 million a year, you should double down on what's working. Double down on the messaging that is working, the pain points that are working. So, how can I create creative diversity if this ad that I'm launching right now is a static image just with text? How can I turn that into a B-roll ad that's going to attract a different type of person? How can I turn into a video ad that's going to attract a different type of person? How can I change into a different static ad that's going to attract a different type of person? But we don't need to go ham and create all scratch ads if we don't need to. Instead, we're going to find the winning ad, okay? Winning angle in this campaign, okay? Find the winning ad and then we're going to replicate like crazy, but again, using different creative formats, okay? So, that's the name of the game here. And what's going to happen to once this campaign is over and you found the winner, you can kill this campaign and launch a new campaign of your next test, right? And you can move all of the winning creative angles into your original scaling campaign, which is the same one as this one here. Okay? So, let me show you in the ad account of what this would look like, okay? So, I'm going to skip the naming conventions. I typically would do this, organize it really cleanly, but I just want to show you from a high level of how I would set this campaign up. This is going to be the testing campaign to test all of those different hooks in one campaign, okay? So, I'm going to first have a minimum budget of a hundred dollars a day for this because we're testing a lot of variables, okay? At the ad set level, what I'm going to do is I'm going to come down here and I'm going to keep this extremely broad, okay? So, I'm not going to touch really anything. The only thing I'm going to adjust is I'm going to change my minimum age to 25 because I just don't want younger people getting these ads cuz I can't help them, okay? Other than that, I'm going to keep this 100% broad. This is a testing campaign. Then I'm going to jump down into the ad level and this is where we're going to make our first ad, okay? So, I'm going to come down here. I'm going to leave pretty much everything as is. Single image, it's got my link there and then add creative. This is where I'm going to add the ad. I'm going to scroll over to my media and then you can see I already have a bunch of ads that are listed out here. Here's my first one. I'll go ahead and push one, okay? I would write out all the text, okay? I would typically do two to three variations of primary text and headlines for these. I'm going to skip that for the time being so you guys can kind of see what the full campaign will look like, all right? So, boom, that is my first ad here. I don't like the site links. I'm going to turn the site links off. I just don't don't like them. I just want them to go to my funnel, not anywhere else on my website. So, I'm going to turn that off and if you already have the creatives added to your ad library, be careful on this. So, a lot of people I've been seeing aren't turning this off. And this is fine in a scaling campaign, it's fine, but in a testing campaign it's not. So, this says 10 media are being used in this ad. And as you can see, this is a different version of copy than that one. If you're a coach doing a 10K a month but posting content with no ROI. This one over here is this if you've tried ads and failed. I don't want all of these being added because that's going to throw off my test results. So, make sure that you have related media off for this testing campaign. Okay? We're going to scroll down here. Everything else should be pretty good. Uh creative enhancements, I I turn most of this off. I'm going to turn all enhancements off. And then the only one that I really will will keep on and these are actually look they're already checked on. Enhanced CTA, reveal details everline, yeah, turn off that. Cool. Okay? So, boom, that is my first ad. And once that is done, I'm going to go ahead and push duplicate and I will duplicate for the number of ads that I have. Right? So, if this is 20 ads, I'd have 20 in here. Now, again, I would name these better. I'm I'm going through this kind of fast. I would name it like, you know, the first one ad one, ad two, ad three all the way through. If I wanted to make it even more specific, I could say, you know, white background ad one. White background ad two. Or you could even Some people use naming conventions like, you know, 101, 102, 103 and they have a whole Google sheet that kind of walks through the naming conventions. Again, I'm not I'm not trying to cover that in this video, okay? So, once I made that first one, I would then go to the second one and all the stuff that I've already made is going to be on this one from the last one. So, all the copy, everything. And all I would do is just edit media and I would swap it out for the next image. All right? And that's pretty much all I'd have to do. All right? And I do that for all of them. Uh it does look like you can see the related media got turned on again. So, just exit out of that every single time because it just uh keeps adding more. It just wants to do that. So, make sure related media is off. Okay? But I'd have all of these ads in here. I would launch them and then based off again what is getting spend and what is getting results, I would take that creative and say, "Okay, now I'm going to start making video ads." I'm going to make take this same wording, right? So, if you're a coach making 10K a month you've tried ads and failed. I can turn that into a video ad. I can say that as a video ad on my iPhone just like me walking and talking. I can do a professional video just like this talking to it. I can take this same one and post it uh as a selfie like of me, right? I could do one of me holding up my iPad and have like little bubble text, right? So, what I'm trying to get at is this is a great way for you to test really fast. And again, I would keep this coming back to my example over here in a separate campaign, see what works and then throw the winner into the scaling campaign or I can start making variations of it to scale the account uh and put that in a new testing campaign, okay? I don't want to get too in into the weeds here cuz again, there's so many ways you can do this and structure this. So, if you guys are looking for help learning how to launch and scale Facebook Instagram ads, I'll have a mini course link down here below. It's to a free school group that walks through exactly how we uh set up campaigns, whether they're DM campaigns, conversion campaigns, follower ads, all of that stuff. So, if you're looking for help growing your business, go ahead and click that link, join the mini course today. All right? So, that's what I got for you guys today and I will see you guys next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Alex-Phocas: Really really helpful mate
  2. @cdropbox: very useful
  3. @axidote98: very helpful. I'm trying to learn making creatives and seting up a campaign for a monday/tuesday deal for a restaurant and Its a bit scary bc the business margins are already very low. and since this is my first campaign i'm not even charging any money 😅. Do you have any recommendations on where to start learning about making basic but effective creatives. if you know a youtuber that is knowledgeable in that area i would love to hear a name or two. thanks for the vid
  4. @unknowndnd11: Do you not run retargeting campaigns anymore?
  5. @guanyuan3285: Correct me if I'm wrong, from the ad creative style (white BG black text) in the ad set you set up, wouldn't this signal to Andromeda that they're pretty much the same thing? (Not much creative diversity)
  6. @RafaelBelor: the link to the skool community doesnt work... :(
  7. @AdamLundquist: So you don't test the headlines per say? You would have three headlines but are really just testing the creative?
  8. @blokeinthearches: Matt - if we're running a test for a specific product (e.g. a designer kettle), are you suggesting it should be the same image in each of the ads, albeit with different text overlays? I was under the impression Meta was punishing creative similarity nowadays?
  9. @kouadiostephane6555: And if you are an e-commerce business with multiple products, do you run a campaign for each product or a campaign for all products?
  10. @ansel_br: 🙌👍
  11. @HansSmith-mn9mz: We are based in Europe, and everything was working great until about 10 days ago, around the end of February. We mainly run video ads, which have been performing very well, while our static ads have never worked as well. However, our leads have suddenly dropped by about 50%, and we’re not sure what’s causing it. We’re wondering if it could be related to the Andromeda update or possibly the war in Iran affecting people’s willingness to engage spend as the situation in the world is crap currently
  12. @IgnasPuluikis: Matt, great video, thanks for sharing your knowledge. I do have a question - when you are testing 20 new ads (white background static image with different angles), do you use the same three headlines and primary text options for all the ads? Being more specific, I mean, how do you isolate what was the winning part of the ad if you use different creatives, different copy on the creative, different primary/headliner
  13. @adeoyecharity8467: Please, What's the minimum number of ads that should be created if you are on a small budget of $10 per day ...Is 10-20 ads not too much?
  14. @DustyBoi843: can this technology pull the audience information from your video and speech as well?
  15. @aykutsaracoglu5021: So the adset is my avatar and inside the adset i try multiple pain points and angles for this persona?
  16. @DemianManzur: So, now Meta knows if you own a mental health institute or a real state agency? so you don't target that?
  17. @nasrodineelghalbzouri4849: What’s the best Meta Ads sales campaign structure when using dynamic catalog ads for a store with multiple furniture categories (coat racks, tables, etc.)? For example, would it make sense to run one Sales campaign (broad / Advantage+ audience), one ad set, and inside it one dynamic catalog carousel ad per product category?
  18. @achrafamal5940: Alex no longer uses this format! Do you think it flopped in the long run?
  19. @aliwashington2319: whats the time period for testing the ads to see which ones are winners
  20. @questreal5812: would this work well for b2c apps too?

- The BEST Facebook Ads Tutorial for Beginners in 2026 (Full "Andromeda" Guide): Kind: captions Language: en If you're trying to learn Facebook ads in 2026, most tutorials are going to confuse the hell out of you. They either over complicate super simple things or they teach you outdated strategies that no longer work or they show you button clicks without explaining what anything does. So, we're going to be changing that today because you end up copying setups you don't understand and hoping the algorithm saves you when that's never going to happen. In this video, I'm going to be walking you through exactly the Facebook ad strategy and the actual way to get them to work in 2026. This is not theory. It's not going to be hacks, but how to think about the platform so you can [music] run ads with confidence instead of simply guessing and copying someone else. This is the full beginner's guide I wish existed when I first started. If you're new to this channel, my name is Christian Jamal. I've spent well over $und00 million on paid ads, specifically on Meta. And on this channel, I make videos for business owners that use meta ads for lead generation. Everything here is about actually helping you understand meta, run better ads, and scale without guessing. So, let's dive in. All right. So, when you first log on to the ads manager, this is what you're going to see. It's going to look extremely confusing, but don't even worry because we are going to be diving through every single thing. And before we even launch the ads, I think it's important for you guys to understand the structure of how Facebook operates. Think about it like this. You have your pages, you have your Instagram, you have your business, you have your ad accounts, you have your payment methods. These are all separate assets. These assets are hosted inside the trunk of the tree. And the trunk of the tree is the business manager. So in order to go there, you want to go to business settings on the bottom left corner of your screen. This is basically what your account is going to look like. This is the trunk of the tree. And all you see on the left side, these are all things that are branches in the tree. So, when it comes down to people, you can invite people to your business manager from here. You can put in their email, you press enter, it will highlight it, you'll be able to go to the next step. Uh, partners are agencies that you're utilizing to actually help you build your business. Pages is obviously pages. Add accounts is ad accounts, and then Instagram accounts is Instagram accounts. These are the only three relevant ones under accounts. You can use WhatsApp accounts if you're not in the United States. I've seen that in the United States that one doesn't do very well. And then you have data sources. Data sources are the tracking mechanisms of how uh people are interacting with your business off the platform. So you have cataloges which means if you have a Shopify website uh it's basically like the products being imported into Meta. If you have a pixel or you have a funnel or a website that you're sending people to from your ads, this is where you get data sets and pixels to actually be convenient for your business because then you can track what's going on outside the platform. Another thing you can see is requests. If you're ever making any changes and Meta prompts you to uh get it approved by someone else, you can find that under requests. Uh for brand safety, you can verify your domain so no one else can run ads for that domain. Uh, I haven't seen that to be a big issue for smaller businesses, but if you're a bigger business, make sure that you go under domains and you actually set up a domain for your business. It's very simple. Add add a domain. It's going to ask you to do some things on DNS and then you can add it. Again, not super important for smaller businesses. Billing and payments is obviously going to be your payment method and then uh that is pretty much it. That's all you really need to know when it comes down to the business info and the business manager. Now, of course, our objective is to create ads. So, what we want to do is we want to head over to the ad account and click open in ads manager. I'm explaining everything item by item because it is going to differ from business to business and we're going to set up a campaign together so that if you feel more comfortable following along step by step, you can do that as well. I'm going to explain also the concept of the campaigns, adsets, and ads so that you guys have a good idea of what this all means. Okay. So, uh when you think of campaigns, you need to think of the objective, the goal. What is it that is happening? And uh what is it that we actually want to achieve? And when you think of adsets, it's who is going to see that these ads and for ads is what is actually being seen. So, I'm actually going to pull up a Canva whiteboard uh so you guys are able to uh follow along more so so that it makes more sense when it comes to this. So I'm going to go ahead and explain the structure like this. So think about campaigns as the goal. Okay, remember campaign is right here. And now for the adset, adset is the targeting. So we have ads set one let's say and this is a target audience one. And the same concept applies again and again and again. So we can just do this and then we can do ads set two is target audience two. And the same thing for this one. And again, this is just conceptual because it's important for you guys to just understand that there's going to be multiple adsets in each campaign. Now, what you also have is multiple ads in each adset. So, you have the campaigns here, you have the adset here, and you have the ads here. So, inside each target audience, you want to test multiple different types of ads. So, for this situation, let's just call this one ad one equal what they see. And then we have ad two, which is also what they see. And then I'm going to go ahead and just copy this, paste it. Same concept applies for this target audience. And then the same concept applies for this target audience. So, and that's exactly what you want to have as a structure. Keep in mind, this is a barebone structure, very, very simplified. We're going to build a legitimate campaign together, but just food for thought. This is along the lines of what you want it to look like. You want one to turn into multiple, and then inside each one of the multiple, you want to have a few others. And that's pretty much the concept of Facebook. And the reason that we do this is because so let's say audience one is an older audience and then audience two is a younger audience. And keep in mind that this is just like a very very broad example just to show you the concept of why uh it's important to set up ads this way. Because here, let's say we have an older person in the ad. And then here we have a younger person in the ad. And then same concept applies for here we have a younger person in the ad. Okay? So think about it like this. If your goal is to get leads and your audience, you have two types of audience, two different types of people can buy from you. You have an older audience and a younger audience. And the older audience seems to be resonating much better with an ad of someone that is an older person in the ad. and the younger audience is resonating much better with an uh with an ad that has a younger person in the ad. So here this isn't saying because if we only look at this half of the equation, you would think to yourself, oh people in the ads don't perform well when that's really not the case because what you want to do is you want to split test your ads across different audiences because certain audience like better certain specific ads and that's exactly why we want to set up a structure like this. Now, keep in mind this is a very broad example. Like I mentioned, you could take this to a whole different level. If you have very intricate audiences with very different types of ads, you can see which angle of ad works better for a specific type of audience. So, you can notice, for example, let's say an older audience is uh much easier to get to buy whatever you're trying to sell if you're using uh a negative outcome, for example, as compared to a positive one. the younger audience is performing better with a positive outcome versus a negative one. There's multiple different angles to sell the same thing. And um just to give an example of this, let's say you're selling a mattress. If you can sell a mattress as hey fix your back pain which is negative or uh a positive outcome would be better, right? So same product, same marketing but one is pushing away from the negative and one is pushing towards the positive and that's an angle. And the reason I'm explaining all this is because truly Facebook does come down to mindset. Because when you're thinking about how to set up the ads, it's important to understand why you're doing certain things rather than just copying me click some buttons on the screen. Because once you understand the skill, it's kind of the equivalent of me teaching you guys how to fish rather than just giving you the fish. Because when it comes to Facebook, what your setup looks like day one is going to look very, very different than your setup 2 weeks down the line. Because the setup itself is honestly one of the least important things when it comes to to the ads themselves because what you want to know is how to make datadriven decisions. And if you know how to think and you know why you thought this way, you'll be able to make much better datadriven decisions. Now let's go through uh the ads manager and show you guys exactly what things do. So create actually starts the action of creating a campaign. Duplicate is a scaling strategy that we're going to be talking about later down the line in this video. Edit is obviously edit existing items. AB test is uh obviously the ability to test one thing versus the other, but I like to do it manually. I don't like to use this actual button. And you can create rules as well. Now, the columns is what you see over here. And you are able to change these. So on in general, you're going to be in performance when you load up the ad account. And you're going to see that you have bid strategy, budget, results, reach, impressions, cost per result, etc. But you can also create your own customized columns. So, let's say we have this. I would like to know how many clicks we got, how many how much we paid per click, what percent of people who saw the ad clicked on it. The CPM is what is it costing us to show the ad a,000 times. And then I want to know the results because if you think about it, we're going to go back here and I'm going to look up uh a funnel. Think about it like this. Um, let's say that uh on Meadow you are having the visibility of the following. So, let's go to text and let's say normal individuals when they run ads and the reason they fail is because this is all they look at. They look at how much did I spend and then on the bottom of the funnel it's how much did I make? So, let me just grab this and then on here it's how much did I make which is a very valid question because the whole point of running ads is to grow your business. So, if you don't know how much you spent or if you know how much you spent but you don't know how much you made, then that becomes a big question mark and then eventually you'll end up like just getting rid of your ads entirely. But the reason I wanted to show you this funnel is because the question of how much did I spend and how much did I make are very beginner level questions. The questions you should be asking is how much how much am I paying to show my ads, which is right here, the CPM. The next thing you should be asking is something along the lines of what percent of people click on my ad because that could be the problem. The ad itself could be a very weak ad even though the target audience is correct and your goal is correct and everything is correct. The next question you should be asking is uh what percent what percent of clicks gave me their info? So I'm going to actually put it here so it's easier to see. So what percent of clicks actually gave me their info? And then the last question is what percent of what percent of leads turned into sales? And you can dive a little bit deeper into this as well. You can say what percent of leads answered the phone and then what percent of the people who answered the phone booked a call and what percent of the people who booked the call showed up and what percent of the people who showed up actually ended up paying. So that gives you a good outline of what's going on in your account so you can actually make proper decisions. Because if you think about it like this, let's say what percent of people uh are clicking on your ad and let's say the number for this is uh 0.1%. But then you have 50 50% of the people who click on your ad give you their info and let's say we have here uh uh 25% of people who gave you their info ended up buying your product or service. Well, now we know that this is the problem and we need to fix our actual creative, like our actual ads themselves because that's what's causing the bottleneck. That's what's causing the ads to not perform well. When in reality, if we were only asking how much am I paying to show my ads and how much did I make, we're not going to know what is the leak in the boat in order to patch it up and fix it so we can scale our business. So, let's go back to the ads manager. Now, um I'm going to walk you guys through the actual campaign structure. Uh, actually, no, one more thing. I do need to uh break down the timeline as well as the breakdowns. You can create reports on Meta, but I don't recommend them. They're not that good. Uh, you can break down your ads by age, by day, by placement, by country, by platform. Obviously, by platform, I mean Facebook or Instagram. And you can go even much more in depth, right? You can see the placement delivery, which means Facebook stories, Facebook feed, Instagram stories, Instagram feed marketplace. There's a million different placement that can happen. And uh once you have ads running and spend is actually happening on the account, you can get breakdowns of exactly um uh where things are being spent. So you can make better datadriven decisions. Cuz you might notice that this is all great, but my number for click-through rate is actually 5% on Facebook and 0.001% on Instagram. So you might want to spend more money on Facebook and that will give you a lot of guidance on what to do next. Now the next thing is the timeline. Uh making decisions on same day data is really bad unless you're spending a lot of money and the data is accurate. Uh typically what I like to look at is last 7 days, last 14 days, last 28 days as well as la last 30 days. Um because this is going to give you a understanding of the trajectory of things. If you have last 30 days and you're paying $50 a lead and 14 days you're paying $25 a lead and last seven days you're paying $10 a lead, you're seeing a downward trend in your cost per lead. That's a good sign if on a 30-day basis you're seeing that the cost per lead is uh $10 and if you're looking at um the last 14 days you're seeing it at 15 and the last 7 days you're looking at 30. That just tells me the first 14 days of the 30 days we were crushing it and now everything is going worse and worse and worse. You do also have the option of going to like custom timeline etc if you want to look at numbers from the past whatever it may be. Now, uh, for your columns, I'm going to, uh, show you guys exactly what to do. You want to get rid of everything except the ones that I have selected on my screen. So, just clean it up and then you can start searching for them. You can do clicks, cost per click, clickthrough rate. Typically, I wouldn't use all, but you can. Typically, what I like to use is uh uh link clicks. So, link clicks is much more accurate metric because clicks could mean they clicked on your profile, they clicked to see the comments, whatever it may be. Link clicks means they actually clicked to go to your website, to your landing page, whatever it may be. All right, perfect. Now that we have gone through everything related to the ad account, we're going to go ahead and set up a lead campaign together. So, first thing we want to do is we want to click on create. You're going to be presented with a couple different options. Keep in mind, this is the campaign. So, we're asking for the goal right now. You have awareness, which is good for getting views to some videos, things like that. I wouldn't usually use it. This is just basically for additional spend that you don't really care about. You want to invest into your branding. All right. Now that we've finished uh going through all the stuff related to the ads manager, the interface, the logic behind the ads, the next thing we're going to do is actually start creating a campaign. So, what you want to do is you want to go ahead and click create. You're going to be presented with a couple different items. So, I'm going to go through them one by one so you guys have a good understanding of what each one does. So, the first one you have is awareness, which is for video views. I wouldn't usually use this unless we actually were uh doing some sort of uh PR campaign. We wanted to push something to a local audience, things like that. I don't really recommend it. Traffic is going to get you a ton of clicks, but it's not going to convert them into customers. The only time I use traffic is when I'm sending people to an Instagram profile that we need to build a following and we have a sales sequence on the back end to reach out to every single follower. The next one is engagement. This one is decent for small businesses if you only can handle very few leads on a monthly basis and it's very cheap. And what's going to happen here is they're going to send you a message on Instagram or Facebook and you're going to conversate with them inside the messages. The next one is leads. Leads is obviously the best one for service-based businesses because it's when people give you their name, phone number, email, whatever it may be. The next one is app promotion. I wouldn't recommend this one at all. And then sales is for uh online e-commerce businesses, which is things like Shopify, drop shipping, whatever it may be. We're not going to dive into that either. So, what we're going to select is leads. So, as you guys see back here, we've selected our campaign goal. So, we know exactly what we need to do. Now, um the campaign itself does have a few options, but it's relatively a short page. It's only like really two questions. So, the first one is campaign budget or adset budget. Now, we do have to take a two-minute pause to actually explain what this is because it's very important that you guys understand this concept. So, campaign budget is what is referred to as CBO means Facebook decides where your budget goes for which audience. Now, means adset budget optimization, which means uh you decide where the ads where the budget goes. So, for example, let's say we're doing a CBO and you put the budget at $100 a day and you put the budget at $100 a day. Facebook could spend 30 on this one and it could spend 70 on this one if it sees that that is uh what needs to be done today. Now, realistically, does that mean that that is the correct answer? Maybe, maybe not. Because right now, if you're still launching a campaign from scratch, you don't know which one is better. you might uh be spending more money on this because the clicks are cheaper for a younger audience, but maybe the older audience is the one that's actually buying your stuff. So now you're burning 70% of the budget because you're getting cheap clicks that are not turning into customers when all your customers are right here and we're kind of neglecting them. So this is why I don't like starting with a CBO. I like starting with an that has an evenly broken out budget. So if our budget truly is $100 a day, you could do $50 a day time two or you could do $20 a day time 5 and that's five audiences we can test. Now the one thing that is important to note is whether you pick CBO or you can't decide which ad gets the spend. Meta will be doing that decision-m but you can control it by only having one ad per ad set. And this will force Meta to spend that $50 on that one uh ad, even though I don't recommend this structure whatsoever. So, the thing that I do recommend is giving it an even budget and splitting it. So, if I do truly have $100 a day to spend, I would do $20 a day times five. So, times five, I would have five different adsets. And that's exactly the setup that we're going to do today. So, what we're going to do is we're going to select adset budget. Now, there is a new option here which has share some of your budget with other adsets. I have seen this succeed as well as fail. So, I'm actually going to deselect it because I've seen more failures than success with this just for now. So, at the time you're watching this video around uh 2026, this feature is still not that great. It does work like it does spend some money on other adsets. Um but realistically, if you wanted to do that, you can just select campaign budget. Now, the next thing that is important to note is a special ad category. Don't try to go through loopholes and going around this. It's just going to get your account banned. So, if you're selling insurance, financial products, services, credit cards, uh long-term financing, whatever, hard money lending, you want to select financial products and services. If your ad is literally to hire people, you need to say employment. If you're advertising a real estate property, homeowners insurance, mortgage loans, whatever it may be, you need to select housing. For any political or social issues, it's the last one as well. But for the sake of this example, we're going to leave this blank. Now, what you want to do is you want to click next from here. So, now our campaign is done. Now, there is one more thing you could do, which is name it, which let's actually do that. Why not? So, let's call this prospecting because we're prospecting new customers. These are potential customers that have never seen our business before. And we're just going to click next. So, now on the campaign side, you are done. So, I'm going to get a big green check and we're going to do this. Boom. Campaign is done. And that's really all it is. It's it's uh people over complicate it for no reason when really that's all you need to do. So, let me go do this. All right. So, the conversion location is what happens when they click your ad. So, here you have two options. You can do multiple, which I don't recommend, or you can do a single. You can send them to a website, an instant form, a messenger, Instagram. You you can get them to call you. The only two that I recommend here are website and instant forms. Those are the ones that I've seen have be ROI positive if the ads are structured correctly. and the sales team is obviously taking care of the leads versus ignoring them. So, we're going to select single. Uh it might select website and instant form for you right off the bat. Uh but you want to select single and select either website or instant form. Now, for the sake of this example, since we're not going to install a pixel on a website, I'm going to have a video specific for that uh that maybe we can attach in the description or you can probably find it on my channel. Uh we're going to actually select instant forms. And for instant, you then want to select your page and you're going to get two options. You're going to either get you've accepted Meta's uh lead ads terms for this page or you're going to get a button that says uh accept terms and then you just click accept and then it's going to work perfectly. For performance goal, you're going to have a couple options here as well, which is maximize number of conversion leads or maximize number of leads. Now, this one is significantly better, which is maximize number of conversion leads. But if you've never ran ads before or you don't actually have an active CRM that you're updating very regularly, this one is going to be almost useless because Meta won't know which ones turned into a conversion. So I would say maximize number of leads is the best at the beginning. Now the cost per result goal, I typically tend to leave this blank because almost whenever you put anything, either Meta is going to overspend or underspend. So, what you can do is you can come back to this later down the line. If you're noticing that your CPL is fluctuating heavily and you'd rather not spend than lose a little bit of money on certain days, then you can put a cost per result goal of what you are willing to pay for the lead. Now, keep in mind if the market is paying more than the amount you put in here, then Facebook is just not going to spend money and you're not going to get any leads. So, a lot of times it's better to get some leads for an opportunity to close deals than not spending and not getting any leads. So, uh, this is why I keep it as blank at the beginning. The next one for value rules, you can just keep this as no. If you say show more options, you're going to get delivery type, which is going to be standard. You can't even edit this. For dynamic creative, I would keep this off. This means that the video or image is changing dynamically. And um, I like this off because I like to manually control what is being seen. Now, if you guys recall, we're going to do ABOS's for $20 a day. We're going to do five of them. So, we're going to start setting up the first one. So, it's going to be $20. So, the start date, you always want to put 11:59 p.m. of whatever day you're on because it's going to take Meta a little bit of time to approve the ads. Let's say you're working on this 3 p.m., 4 p.m., 6 p.m., whatever. It's going to take Meta maybe in 1 to two to three hours to approve the ads. Once the ads are approved, you don't want it to spend the entire $100 between 9:00 p.m. and midnight. You want to give it a full 24 hours. So, no matter what time you're launching the ads, always put it as 11:59. Whether you do this or not really is not that big of an impact. So, it's not that serious, but I just recommend doing it. So, in case that uh it can mess up the ads, you just want to avoid that entirely. End date is only relevant if you're running a short-term campaign. I'll give you guys an example of what this looks like. So, if you're running a Valentine's Day special, if you're running a holiday special, if you're running a Fourth of July special, you can set an end date so that the ads automatically shut off uh at a certain day and time. So, you can do a custom, you can pick the day, you can pick the time. We're going to we're going to keep this off for now. Now if you click uh additional settings you can have budget scheduling. Now what budgeting scheduling is uh is to schedule budget increases. So you can bid more uh based on how you guys are getting leads for a certain period of time. But again I don't recommend doing this not at the start. Now the main part of the adset is the actual audience. You have a couple different options here as well. And Meta is trying to keep it simple and simple over time and making it even less options that you can select. So right now as you open it, it's going to sh say advantage plus on. So this means that Meta is going to find your audience for you. This is good and bad at the same time. Sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't. So it's like very hit or miss. So I would recommend using it for at least one of the adsets, which we're going to do. Uh but for the other ones, I do want to manually control them. So, you want to use this action right here, which says further limit the reach of your ads, which I know it sounds like it's not recommended, but this works significantly better in my experience. click on further the limit reach of your ads. And we're going to click continue. And then now you're going to have all the options available to you. So, option number one is the location. If you're a local business, you can put your address. So, let's say 5401 West Kennedy Boulevard. And we can select the address. This is our office in Tampa Bay. And you can go down to all the way down to a 1m radius or you can go all the way up to a 50 mile radius. Now, what you could do as well is you could drop a pin. So, I'm going to go ahead and make this uh let's call it 12 mi. You can drop a pin. You can drop a pin and you can get custom coordinates. Another option you can have is uh do a zip code. So, let's do uh 34685. That's a zip code in East Lake. And you can see that Meta is going to highlight that specific zip code. Another thing you could do as well is put a city or state. So, you can say Florida if you can target the entire state. And you can also do uh certain city. So, you can say like Tampa as a whole. You want to do Tampa, Florida. Boom. It will target everything here. Now, you're going to get an option that says reach more people likely to respond. will also reach people interested in your selected cities and region in those countries. Now, I want to deselect this every single time. And even though this is going to tell you it's going to lower your cost per result this and that, yes, it will. But the whole goal is not to get leads. It's to get sales. And if someone is interested in Tampa, but they live in California and I can only service the Tampa area, then there's no point, right? So, we always want to turn this off. When it comes down to age, uh 18 to 65 is usually fine. But what you could do is you could make this 25 minimum and instead of uh using this as a suggestion, I would also recommend turning it off. So depends what you're selling of course. So if you're selling something that is uh more catered towards a younger audience, you can do like for example 18 to 30 or 35. If you're doing something that is more catered towards older people, you can do 55 to 65 plus. 65 plus is the oldest age you can select on Facebook. And again, you want to shut off use as a suggestion because if it's using this as a suggestion, but it notices that the leads of younger people are cheaper, it's going to end up spending money there and you can't sell them. So, what's the point, right? So, think about this as like you are setting the the guard rails for Meta of what it can and cannot do. When it comes down to genders, I always keep it on all except if you're selling a very specific product. So, uh just to give you guys an example, one of my consulting clients is uh a very successful woman and she attracts a lot of uh women entrepreneurs and these are usually the people that are buying her products and services. So, we typically just target women on her account and we shut off use as a suggestion. So, as you guys can see, Meta is always prompting us to use everything as a suggestion. They want to push us towards being more broad and letting the AI find the people for us. Now, the next step is custom audiences. Custom audiences are things that you can create from pre-existing audiences. What I mean by this is when you click on create new custom audience, you're going to be presented with a couple different options. Website is if you already have tracking on your website and you have people signing up as leads on your website, visitors, whatever it may be, you could create an audience of people who have submitted a lead form or whatever it may be. And you can give this audience a name and you can get the retention to be longer. Another thing you could do is you can do Facebook page, Instagram accounts like people who followed, liked, engaged. You can even do a customer list. So exporting your customer list and feeding this data to Meta so it does a better job. Lead forms is another example that you could use. So people that filled out the form. So let's do this. I'll show you guys what that means. So people who opened this form, people who opened but didn't submit the form. People who opened and submitted the form. As you guys can imagine, people who opened but didn't submit the form might be good potential clients. So, what we're going to go ahead and do is we're going to click back, and we're just going to not use this for now, but this is uh something that I'll be filming a specific video about that I'll also leave in the description. And once you have a custom audience, you can build a lookike off of that custom audience, which means telling Facebook, "Hey, go get me more customers that look like these people." All right, perfect. The next one is detail targeting. This one is the most common way of targeting uh certain things. This is interestbased targeting. So if you're advertising a dog related product, you can click on dog health or golden retriever or dog toy or dog grooming. Just type in what your business does and then Facebook is going to give you a lot of suggestions. So I'm going to show you guys an example. So we're going to type in roofing and uh roofing contractor and people are interested in roofing contractor. Now if I click on this, it's going to give me a bunch of suggestions of good interest that I could utilize. Right now, keep in mind you're reading the section on the right because this says employers, this says job titles, this says interest. You always want to go with interests. And uh as an example, I'll try another niche. So, let's talk about insurance. So, you're going to get people interested in insurance, people interested in life insurance, people interested in car insurance, insurance policy, home insurance, travel insurance. You're going to get so many good interests specific to your business. So, like let's say we want to do travel insurance. So, where is it? um travel insurance. If we select this one, we're going to get things related to travel insurance. So, general insurance, you can get some that are not directly correlated. Um but you're going to get something like frequent international travelers, you're going to get frequent travelers, travel websites, adventure travel, you're going to get things related to that one. So, as long as you select one, you're going to get a ton of very, very good interests for that audience. And for languages, I usually leave it blank, but if you'd like, you can put English all, or if you're running ads in specific languages, like Spanish. You could always uh select Spanish all or Spanish Spain. And uh that's pretty much it on a custom setup. Typically, for the name of the adset, I like to name it whatever I did here. So, we're going to do, for example, we're going to call this one broad because we don't have anything specific. And we have 55 plus is the age group. And we are doing uh Tampa with a specific radius. So we can say like uh 15 mile radius. And uh people like to name these uh adsets and ads in different ways. I like to use a dash. A lot of people like to use uh this dash right here kind of separating them this way. Uh it is up to you completely. I personally prefer the side dash. Um and the last thing you want to see when it comes to uh your adset is your placement. You guys recall when I talked about uh the breakdown, you want to see if Facebook or Instagram is performing better, if stories or feed is performing better. You can do this here. Not only can you edit the platforms, you can edit the devices. You can do mobile and desktop. You can do mobile devices, Android devices only, iOS devices only. Um you can do the placements which is you can break it down into feeds. So you have Facebook feed, Facebook profile feed, Instagram feed, Facebook marketplace, Facebook right column, Instagram explore page. There's so many different ones that you can select. Typically for this, I like to keep it uh broad. I like to keep Advantage Plus open and let Facebook as AI find for me the customers that are looking for my product or service. And then what I would do with this information is I would then go to breakdowns and then make these optimizations later down the line. Now, that's pretty much it on the target audience. So, we're going to go back here. We're going to grab this check mark and we are going to say we are done with the And now we're going to start creating the ads. So what you want to do is first things first, you want to call this ad one. I always want to call the ads with the number that they're coming from. And then we can do we can do uh this and say something along the lines of uh image one. So if you're using images versus videos and you want to see what works better for your business, then I would uh definitely put it on here. And then for the ad setup, we have two options here. Uh the third one is kind of irrelevant. Don't use this. So creating an ad is a post that is ran as an ad that doesn't actually publish on your account publicly. Okay. So if you're you want your profile to be uh very uh centered around your business, but you have like a special offer that you don't want all your followers to know about. All right. So now when we want to scroll down, we're going to see ad setup. You're going to be given uh two options here. The third one is pretty much irrelevant, which is you don't want to use creative hub mockup. You're going to have the option of create ad or use existing post. Create ad is very simple. It means you're creating the ad inside the ads manager and is not a post that already exists on your account. Typically, when you use create ad, um it's not going to post it to your account. It's going to be basically just in your ad account. Means people are going to see this post. They can click on your profile and go to your account, but they're not going to see the ad inside your account. Now, you can use existing post, which is a post that already exists in your account, and it's a completely different structure, which I'll show you guys how to create an ad, because using an existing post is not typically what you want to do, unless you're driving engagement to a post that is already on your profile. You can do a single image or video, which is 99% what I do. A carousel is more like a swipe through ad, means it has a bunch of different images and uh you can add a bunch of different cards and then you can swipe through them. So, what we're going to do is we're going to do a single image or video. And for multi-advertiser ads, I usually turn this off. What this means is at the end of your ad, Facebook is going to show them your competitors, but also in exchange at the end of your competitor's ads, Facebook's going to show you too. Typically, I just like to avoid this competition and just turn this off entirely. The next one you're going to see, the next thing you're going to see is destination. And this is where they go. Remember where we selected here, instant forms, that means instant forms is happening on meta. So Meta is going to allow you to create the form on platform. So we're going to click create form. I'm going to show you exactly what are the options here. So here you're going to name the form. So we're going to call this test form. And you're going to have the option for more volume, higher intent, require leads to verify their phone number, which is what we call OTP. This will guarantee that all the phone numbers you get are valid. Rich creative, which allows you to build like a baby landing page on Meadow. Uh it's good, but I don't see the value in the additional cost. So typically I either go for more volume or higher intent with this box checked. Higher intent without this box checked is kind of useless. So I would always either do OTP or more volume. For the sake of this example, we're going to do more volume. And for uh flexible form delivery, you want to do optimized. Then you're going to click next. This right here is the greeting page. You can turn it off, but I highly recommend you keep it. Here you want to reiterate what you talked about in the ad. So for the ad, we are going to use an example of a roofing ad. Let's just do use that as an example. So the headline for this is uh claim your uh roof special today. And then the paragraph is going to be either uh something along the lines of uh please answer a few questions to know if you qualify dot dot dot. And then you can also do this as a list. A list will be a bunch of different things. You can have it like this and it will be basically a list and they can click on show more and then see the rest of them. Now we're going to go in paragraph and we're going to put this back again. Then you want to click next. Uh now here's where the questions come into play. You do have conditional logic if you want to disqualify certain people after they answer a certain question in a way that you cannot help them. But we're going to keep this off for the time being because at the beginning you don't want to ask too much of meta. We're already asking a lot. So, you want to keep this as minimal as possible. For the questions, you have four options. I don't usually use appointment request. I usually use multiple choice, short answer, or conditional. Multiple choice and short answer are the simplest ones for beginners. If you use conditional, it might get a little too complex because you might have to upload a spreadsheet with the conditions that you wanted to do. So, we're going to do multiple choice. Question number one, for a roof, let's do something as an example. Are you a uh Actually, we're not going to do are you. We're going to say, is the property residential or commercial? And I'm actually not going to title case this. We're going to keep this regular. And then we're going to basically just grab residential, put it on here as option one, and commercial as option two. Now, we're going to add another qualifying question. This one, I want to do a short answer. I want to do something along the lines of how old is the current roof. Minimum characters. You can just keep this blank. Doesn't really matter. And then you can also uh move the questions in order. So the uh Facebook form is always going to start with a multiple choice and then moves on to the short answers and then moves on to the personal information. Now think about it like this. You could ask how old is your current roof in a multiple choice format. We could we could even try it here. So, let's just grab this text and we can do uh brand new. We can do 1 to 5 years and then we can do plus and we can do 5 to 10 years and we can do 10 to 20 years and then the last option would be something along the lines of 20 years plus. So, why if we can make it a multiple choice and make it easy for the customer would we want to ask them a short form question short answer question? It's simply because we want to add friction. Friction is the concept of making it more difficult for someone to give you their information, which is going to make them a little bit more committed to talk to you. So, in a sense, if they manually type in the number, it's very different than just clicking a button. And typically, I wouldn't ask something like this that is a single click as a short answer. I would come up with something a little bit more creative. So, something along the lines of why uh why are you looking for a new question mark? So, their answer could be something along the lines of, "My roof is too old." It could also be like, "My roof is leaking." Their answer could be like, "Uh, my house got hit by a hurricane. I don't even have a roof." Right? So, there's so many different things that can go into play when it comes to the short answer. And, uh, we're actually going to keep these. I like these three qualifying questions. Uh, right now, just going to review, make sure that the formatting is good. All right, we're have the titles, the the title case, right? We have the good questions and we have a short form question. For the description, you can always say who do we contact regarding this question mark. And then typically I like to reorder them. I like full name to always be first, phone number to be second. If it's checked on for optional, make sure to check it off. And then same thing for the email. Now majority of times you don't need uh sorry, you want to ask for the emails. But I have seen people run successful campaigns without asking for email. So if you don't really care about their email and your entire business is over the phone, uh then I would ask for only phone number. But I highly recommend you keep the email just for data purposes. Now uh you can ask additional things. So like street address, city, state, zip code. You can ask for uh date of birth, gender, whatever it may be. Some of these might be redacted for you like you won't be able to see them if you are in a special ad category. Okay, so for now we're just going to put these three and uh call it a day. The next one is the privacy policy. So now it's actually optional, which is crazy. So uh you can either shut this off or put in a privacy policy specific to your business. It's probably like your URL.com/privacy-picoly. If you don't have that, I highly recommend it. Uh just avoid any issues with contacting people, etc. So we're going to turn it off for the sake of this example. Then you want to click next. And then the ending is where people finish the form. You have a couple options here as well. They can view a file like download like a free PDF. They can go to your website, they can call your business, or they can chat with you on WhatsApp. I only use really go to website as well as call business. Call business is literally going to they're going to click this button and they're going to be able to call you in. And then go to website is where you could send them to an alternative link, whatever it may be. Now, most people make the mistake of saying something along the lines of thanks, you're all set, and then putting their homepage of the website here. That's like zero guidance. There is a rule on the internet that um if someone consumes your content for seven hours, if they can afford it, they're going to buy it. So, think about it like this. If your customer is jumping from one place to another, getting a bunch of quotes from a bunch of different people, then in that case, what you could do is say something along the lines of, "Congratulations in all caps, you qualify." But then we were going to say something along the lines of, "In order to claim your offer before it expires in 10 minutes, call the number below to schedule an inperson appointment." And that is going to prompt people to actually click the button and actually call your business. Now what you could do is instead of congratulations, you qualify, there is an alternative angle. You guys remember when I mentioned there is like towards the positive and away from the negative. So congratulations, you qualify towards the positive. There is a version of this that says wait, you're almost done and you can say in order to claim your offer before it expires uh in 10 minutes, call the number below to schedule an imp inerson appointment. And that is away from the negative, right? So uh they don't want the offer to expire, so they're going to call the number. And then you can put the number in here. And then you can obviously change the call to action as well. I like to keep it as call now uh or change it to call here. And then a third option is to actually put the number. So like let's say uh this is their number. Four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, 10. All right. So let's say that that could be an example. Especially if you're running local ads, I recommend you use this one because if they if your phone number is local to them as well, it's going to prompt them to call you because they're going to feel like you're close to them. It's very easy to get in contact with you, whatever it may be. Now the next option you have is go to website. When it comes down to go to website, you also want to follow the same guidelines of making sure that they are uh doing something after the form. So for website, you can put your link here myite.com slash you want to send them somewhere. So case-studies or whatever whatever the case studies are on your website, your Google reviews, whatever it may be, you want them to consume content. If you're filming videos and posting them on YouTube, you want to put the link to your YouTube video so they can keep watching and educating themselves. So now, make sure if you use go to website, don't use the call to action as a phone number. You can say something along the lines of uh click here to see our case studies. And instead of wait, you're almost done. You can use something along the lines of uh congrats, you qualify, click the link below to um see our case studies or whatever it may be. So for now, we're going to just uh X out of this. I already have a form created, but all you would do here is create the form. If you get an error, it's going to show you which one of the steps is the error. So, I would just fix that. And then you should be good to go. So, I do have a testing form here that we can just utilize. And then the last thing when it comes to the ad is the one thing that matters more than anything else, which is setting up the creative. So, we're going to do let's say an image ad. This is a roofing ad. You're going to click next. For story format, you can't create story specific ones and then replace them with it. You can just click upload and then upload the files that you need. And then uh at the end uh hold on, let me just go back. Add image. We're going to use this. You want to make sure that it's not actually cropping. It's super weird where it's not visible. Like if it did this, like this is irrelevant, right? So, we want to always make sure that these are all on original. You want to click next. Your primary text is what shows up above your ad on Facebook and under your ad on Instagram. Headline and description only shows up on Facebook, but these are happening under the ad. And then the call to action is the button that they click. I like to use learn more. And for primary text, I'm just going to copy these just to show you guys what they look like. And then um we are going to um create them together as well. All right. Next. Uh here you don't want to select any of these. You want to skip this. You click next. And then for the enhancements, for some reason I've noticed better results by shutting off everything on here. So you want to shut these off. You don't want like random music playing behind your images, things like that. So we're going to click done. And then boom, we have our ad. And as you guys can see, I'm going to try to zoom in here. You guys can see this is a Facebook ad and this is an Instagram ad. So the primary text on Instagram is under the the image and the primary text on meta is above the image and the headline is right here and the description is right under it. So what we when we write copy we want to make sure that we are utilizing all of these assets to actually give the person a good understanding of what it is that we're going to be doing. Now, I'm going to make uh videos specific to creating the images and videos specific to using AI to come up with the primary text, headline, and description um uh for for this channel. However, if you're interested in diving a little bit deeper into these things and you want access to them early, I do have uh Click the Client, which is my program. Uh I go through everything A through Z uh Facebook, Google automations on your CRM, Zapier, connecting your Facebook to your CRM and other assets as well as using AI for writing copy, using AI for creating images, videos, voice, um UGC content as well as creating funnels on the back end. So if that sounds interesting, it's uh I think the first or the second link in the description so you guys can check it out. It's called Click to Client. Um but for the time being, we are going to write some primary text on here. So, what we're going to do is something along the lines of the following. So, we're going to do a uh limited time uh special and we're going to go to the here and we're going to say get a brand new roof for only $97 per month. And then we're going to go on to uh we're going to do a short form copy. We're going to do something along the lines of click learn more to see if you qualify. All right, perfect. Now, you could add like a cool like alert emoji here behind it and you could also we're going to add an exclamation mark here at the end. Now, for short copy, you want to make sure that it is completely fitting within these three lines because let's say uh we said something a little bit longer and we said limited time special, get a brand new roof for only x amount per month. We have been in business for 25 plus years. This is going to create that see more button. So, I'm going to zoom in so you guys can see what I'm talking about. You guys can see it has like the see more button. You don't want this if you're using short copy. If you're using long copy and it's a very very long copy, then we we're okay with having the see more button because we're getting more value out of them actually clicking see more. But in this situation, we're not getting that much more value out of them clicking see more. So, what I would do in this situation is I would just get rid of this because all we care about is short form copy here. And keep in mind, a lot of people underestimate the power of short form copy. And a lot of people think you need long- form copy in order to get results. I've actually spent a lot more money on ads on short form copy because it's very straight to the point. And if your ad is good, you don't need to over complicate your copy. Now, Meta is going to try to turn these on for you. I personally don't like advantage plus creative text generation, so I turn them off. And uh same thing for the headline. It's going to be the same concept. I get rid of these as well. For the headline, we're going to do something along the lines of uh claim your offer today. And the same thing you want to happen here. You don't want it to go to the second line. Uh so like let's say uh free. Let's see if it goes. Yeah. Okay. So you don't want it to do the following. Whatever you write, you want it to stay on the same line. Okay. because once it goes on to the next line, it starts to mess up the formatting and the structure of your ads based on which uh platform they're on, b on based on which device a person is on, etc. So, I would recommend you just keep it simple. And as long as it looks good here, it's going to look good everywhere. For the description here, I either leave it blank or I'm going to write limited time offer in all caps, it's going to show up nice right under uh this. So, we're going to keep it for now, but you can also keep this blank. Most of the time I do keep it blank because most offers are really not limited time even though you can say that it is. Now that's pretty much it. That's how you set up an ad. But you guys remember what we did here. We're going to check off this. But we also have the rest of the structure to build. So we have these three as well as this one right here. And if you guys remember, we have five adsets, not two, that we're going to be creating. So what we're going to do here is we're going to click on the three dots and we're going to click on quickly duplicate. Now, once this is quickly duplicated, we're going to do is add two, image two, and we are going to go down. And we only want to change one thing. This is super important. If you change more than one thing, you're going to not know why that something worked versus didn't. So, like here, if I change the image and I change the primary text and I change the headline and it starts to work, well, that's great, but I'm not going to know why it's working. So, it takes us back to running the ads blind, which is not the objective. The objective is to to run the ads with clear transparency of what is going on so you can make decisions that actually make sense. And honestly, most of the time it's common sense. If you're spending $100 on one thing and $100 on something else and the one the first one is getting you uh cheaper leads and more sales than the second one, you're probably going to shut off the second one. It's really not that complicated. So, when it comes down to this part right here, make sure you're only changing one thing at a time. So in this situation, what we're going to do is we're going to be changing the image. So we're going to click on add image. We're going to click upload and we're going to select another roofing related image. So let me see what else I have on this computer. I think this is a roofing image as well. That's an example. Let me see. All right. Perfect. Original. We're going to use this. We're going to do the same thing. We're going to turn off all of these. Turn off. Turn off. Turn off. Off. And off. Perfect. We're going to click done. So now we have ad one and ad two. So the way you want to do things is you want to build one one campaign, one ad set, one ad, and then you want to build another ad, which we just did. And you guys saw how much faster that was. And now we're going to duplicate this entire setup. We're going to duplicate this entire setup and start making a singular change just like we did on the ad but on the adset level. So to go back to this, now that this is done, we can just click on this and click duplicate for this. And since we're using five different adsets at $20 a day, I'm going to do four different copies of the adset level. So now we're going to have a total of five. We're going to have the original one and we're going to have four brand new ones. Now, if each one of these is spending $20 a day, well, we're averaging $100 a day. And that's exactly what we want to do. Now, this is going to say you'll spend an average of $20 per day. Your maximum daily spend is 35 and your maximum weekly spend is 140. Don't worry about this that much. This is probably never going to happen. I think this is just like a security thing that Meta has in case the AI spends a little bit more, but I have almost never seen it spend more than it's supposed to. So maybe by a couple cents, but nothing major. So what we're going to do with these alternative adsets is we're going to do one change again. So here, what we're going to be doing is the detail targeting. So here, since we did roofing, I'm going to click on roofing and I'm going to click on roofing contractor websites. So, we're going to do this one and we're going to copy this and we're going to put it here instead of broad. And then I'm going to get rid of the copy at the end, which tells me that this one is now done. So now we also just finished the second one. And we have the ads in there because we did it smart at the beginning. We did this diagonal and then we went wide. Instead of having created a bunch of different adsets and then you have to go into every single one and modify the ads, these ads are already good. We don't have to do anything. So, if I go to add one, it's already done. If I go to add two, it's already done. And that's the beauty of setting it up this way. It's going to save you a ton of time. Now, the only thing left to do is to wrap up these three. And now, we're going to go ahead and do that. So, we're going to click on this. We're going to go down here. We're going to go to all demographics. We're going to go to detail targeting. I'm going to click on roofing again. And now, uh, I don't like any of these other ones very much. So, we're going to click on roofing contractor, which we selected here. So, we're not going to use this one. But I want to know what Facebook recommends for this. So home home repair could be a good one. So we're going to select home repair. I'm going to select this. I'm going to X out of this and I'm going to copy home repair because we're going to add it to the adset name. And the last thing is just get getting rid of copy. So we know that this has been completed. The next one is also broad. So here I'm going to take uh roofing. Again we're going to select roofing contractor. I'm going to copy this. I'm going to see what other things Facebook recommends. Renovation construction. I think that's good. We're going to X out of roofing contractor. Grab renovation. Put it in the adset name. And uh that is almost done. We're almost done. All right. Now, we only have one more ad set to go. So, we're going to scroll down. We're going to click on roofing. And uh we're going to do the same exact thing again. We're going to roofing contractor. We're going to select this. We're going to look for an interest that we like. And we're going to make sure that this says interests, not something else. And we're going to do home repair. We already did home repair. Let's see what else we have. Domestic roof construction. I don't even know if this is a good interest or not. I haven't seen it before to be honest. So, we're going to just select this. It has a 36 to 42 million audience size. So, I think that's good. And I'm going to paste this here. And we're going to get rid of copy. Now, what you want to do, you definitely don't want to discard the drafts. So, you want to go ahead and click publish. But before we do that, let's review everything. So, we have a campaign. It's prospecting, which is great. We have five target audiences spending $20 a day. So, that's $100 a day, which is perfect. And then we have two ads in each. So, if we have two ads times five, we have 10 ads, which is perfect. And that is exactly what we want. The next step is super simple. You click on review and publish. And you click publish. And that's it. You're pretty much done. And that's pretty much it. So, now you officially know how to set up an ad from start to finish. and you understand everything inside the ads manager. So, if you take anything away from this video, it's this. Facebook ads aren't about clicking the right buttons. They're about understanding how the system thinks and feeding it the right signals. Once you understand that, everything else gets easier. So, if you found this video helpful and you want more videos like this where I break down meta ads the right way, hit that subscribe button and I'll see you guys on the next video. And if you guys want additional help beyond just meta, what I'm talking about is funnels, automations, and building an ecosystem around these ads, then click one of the first two links in the description. One of them is to work with me one-on-one, and the second one is to go through and actually see my entire click to client ecosystem that I filmed a free training about. So, that's pretty much it. I'll see you guys on the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @SirToxicOfficial [2 likes]: LETS GOOO been waiting for this one!
  2. @eliudlusega5253 [1 likes]: Thank you for the great Facebook Ads lessons
  3. @Rojulah.101: Thank you so much
  4. @nellafrei: You do the best lead gen videos on YT. Thank you soooo much for your content 🙏 And btw. I got a recommendation for chat GPT. 👌
  5. @GuaranteedPPC: Facebook is just another way to advertise really... the magic is knowing how to come up with a working offer, and surrounding ad copy.  If you can get that to work, it will work on many many platforms (even outside Facebook).

- Character Creator 5 (CC5) Official Release – A More Powerful, Polished Upgrade: Kind: captions Language: en Character Creator 5, it's worth your wait. To bring you a bigger and better experience, Reallusion is taking a bit more time to perfect every detail. And the things that we create together, they're not just ideas. They are a future. The official launch date is set for August 27th, 2025. Besides the groundbreaking upgrades we've presented, such as HD character bases with subdivision support, dynamic material adjustments that bring natural skin color variations to life, enhanced skin realism in close-up renders with cavity maps and up to 8K resolutions, and a next-gen facial animation system. Here are more exciting features to look forward to, including detailed HD morphs that capture subtle feature variations across a wide range of body types, additional wrinkles and body presets that faithfully portray the depth and complexity of aging, a complete eyelash system with adjustable morphs, density, and color options, giving every character a soulful and expressive look. A library of enhanced HD eyes featuring intricate detail in pupils, vessels, and moisture with realistic concave rendering for recessed irises, a full upgrade in facial mocap quality delivering highly responsive, non-linear talking animation, and refined exaggerated facial movements, whether you're using an iPhone or AccuFace. I am a metahuman. CC5 HD characters are now fully compatible with metahuman facial animation tools. You can even bring metahuman facial animations from any source into CC and iClone with ease. Refine facial expressions in iClone using the same facial control interface and enjoy the creative freedom of Character Creator for realistic humans, stylized cartoons, or anything imaginable. And that's not all. Here comes the Actor Mixer. Enjoy an intuitive, non-destructive drag-and-roll interface and quickly generate diverse digital humans with our Actor Mixer library by gender, age, and ethnicity. Easily swap textures to achieve a completely new look. Even combine elements from existing characters or from other developers, human or not. And here's the best part. Pre-launch customers will get a full-featured Actor Mixer Pro plugin and the high-value Actor Mixer Core Human library completely free by launch day. Character Creator is designed to support users across all 3D tools and game engines. With CC5, Reallusion extends auto setup support to Maya and Marmoset Toolbag. Unreal Engine and Blender will also be upgraded to support the new HD expression system and constraint technology for greater flexibility. To power the Unreal pipeline, we're introducing a next-gen workflow fully compatible with UE4, UE5, metahuman, and UEFN skeletons. CC characters now feature 10 added bones and bind pose alignment, streamlining the retargeting process for Unreal animations. We've also made a fully compatible hand skeleton for optimal gesture control. All CC characters will be ready for Unreal game controls with motion matching right out of the box. Last but not least, all existing CC4 plugins and content remain fully compatible with CC5's new HD character workflow. So, go ahead. Embrace the future of character creation and lock in your pre-launch rewards today.

  Top Comments:
  1. @gil6970 [2 likes]: YOU GOD DAMN FRAUDS! YOU DO NOT EVEN LET US OPEN THE MOUTH AND MOVE THE JAW BONE ANYMORE FROM THE SKELETON BECAUSE YOU WANT US TO BUY ALL YOUR DAMN EXTRA STUFF!

WITH CC4 I CAN IMPORT IT AND JUST MOVE THE JAW BONE.

SCREW YOU GUYS I WISH THE WORST FOR YOU
  2. @etta777 [1 likes]: But people should know about EULA trap - that you can't  even swap the jacket in your game on your character on standard license.
  3. @Stéphane44bzh [1 likes]: Wow, amazing upgrade !🤩
  4. @Samara_K89 [1 likes]: Oh so maybe those simulator games won't look like ass anymore
  5. @markday819 [1 likes]: So do we have a licensing policy to enable customisation of your avatars without ENTERPRISE licensing restriction without certain budgets to indies?
  6. @helioscorp23 [1 likes]: fuck the ai voice
  7. @yohanniwandza [1 likes]: Reallusion is the future 🔥
  8. @visualdrip.official: updates should be free.. this company is a money pit..... shame on you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
  9. @CodyKampain-u4r9u: How big are these for your game? If all your NPCs were this big, would that be massive?
  10. @svitlanadudkevych7677: Hi. What's happening with the import to UE recently?? It's not possible to import CC5 with SD higher than level 0 and textures higher than 1k! I've tried it on a few high-spec machines. A couple months ago I didn't have problems with that.
  11. @dogdungeon: I wish they would implement something for custom rigs. That I can have 4 arms for example on a character, and do not need to leave cc4 to create those extra bones.
  12. @AfterGlowAnimations: This looks amazing! I cannot wait--downloaded the free trial already to play with!
  13. @meltdowninteractivemedia: Thanks, would it be possible to make a video showing how to import and map a custom 3D model into CC5 so all its features can be applied to the model?
  14. @artbyub: Just a few more months of savings and I'm finally gonna buy it
  15. @TheJabberWockyy: This is so fucking bad ass.
  16. @kegsfx8603: While actually loved older versions of this software..   More recent CC4 and CC5 pipelines I have found to be far more unstable than ANY other "mainstream" software I use (which is a lot).  With the recent updates to Metahumans, I suggest skip both the hassle and the cost of CC5 all together - just use Metahumans.
  17. @MinaYusuf-o8n: Hey there! I'm still a newbie here, but I'm absolutely loving this. 
I'd be really grateful to know if there are any free HD models that I could use.
  18. @eagleowl2815: Hello,

Did you realeased/posted on YouTube a video about how to use CC5 wwith Blender ? (For example, import a created character in Blender and then pose it) If yes, could you give me the link of this video, please ?
  19. @Maybaki: Price ??
  20. @CaioZenon: I’m considering purchasing CC5. I haven’t used the software before, but after trying the trial it seems that hair, beards, and similar assets are sold separately. Is that correct?

- WH 40K: Rogue Trader Character Creation COMPLETE GUIDE - Classes, Origins, Homeworlds, & More!: Kind: captions Language: en in this Rog Trader video we're going to be taking a look at character creation we'll be looking through the archetypes as well as Origins and home worlds talking about characteristics and how to put that all together to make a character the way that you want there is a lot to character creation in Rogue Trader and at first glance it can be quite overwhelming but it's not as complicated as you might think and in this video I kind of want to dive into that stuff to help you make a better character when starting out in Rogue Trader so the first thing we're going to take a look at is the archetypes of the game or the classes there are four base classes to choose from when making a character and we sort of skipped ahead in character creation to get here first because I think it makes more sense to explain archetypes and then go through the home worlds and Origins and characteristics as there are better ones to pick depending on the archetype that you want to play because your archetype is really going to dictate your play style so the first archetype is Warrior this is a melee focused combatant meaning that they are going to engage in melee combat most of the time they have a focus on movement being able to move a lot Dodge uh attacks have high armor and they can typically Parry other melee attacks they can also taunt other enemies into attacking them and they're just really kind of a tanky character that's going to charge in and melee enemies to death so if you want to play a melee focused character then Warrior is the way to go and next up is the officer class this Base Class essentially is a support type class that Buffs your team it allows your team to you know have more damage AG or have an extra turn or move more or you can you know increase your momentum allowing you to do some stronger or use some stronger abilities in combat like your heroic Feats Etc so if you want to play a character that's kind of supporting your team um through these sort of things then you would like the officer class next is the operative class they have a focus on intelligence perception they like to exploit enemy weaknesses and they typically have very high single Target damage if you want to be like a sniper this this is a great class for you this is kind of what I'm playing in my playthrough uh they're also good at debuffing enemies and allowing you and your team to deal more damage to enemies and also making enemies just less effective in combat in general so if you want to be a debuffer SL High single Target damage character operative is not a bad choice and then lastly you have the soldier class which has like a focus on agility and ranged weapons and the core of this class is really moving and shooting and using cover and Dodge to avoid take damage they also use burst fire to like hit groups of enemies with bursts of bullets at a time or you know bursts of ammo depending on what weapon they're using so if you want to play more of like a close range uh ranged attacker and not be like a Melee character like the warrior then Soldier is a nice Middle Ground between operative and Warrior and then you also notice that there are advanced classes that you can choose from at level 16 each base class can choose from one of three once they hit this level and you'll be a able to take levels in those or ranks in those uh classes if you want and there is some overlap for instance like Soldier and operative can both become bounty hunters at level 16 but I would urge you not to worry so much about this when you're making your character because you should really focus your character on the play style that you want right so like if you want to be a Melee character you're going to go Warrior like you're not going to you know wait to become a Vanguard at level 16 to play as a Mele character if you want a different class Etc you're just going to take that at the beginning and then you can kind of tweak your Melee character depending on what more you want to see from it at level 16 so I wouldn't worry too much about these advanced classes and just worry about the base class that fits your play style when making a character so then we move back to the home world of the character and there are six home worlds you can choose from and these are going to give you a feature for each home world they're going to give you some modifiers to your characteristics which are effectively your stats um and how they affect your skill checks and combat Etc and some of these effects will be positive some will be negative for instance if you look at death World they gain strength agility and toughness and they lose intelligence and fellowship so this is best suited for like a Melee character since those three uh characteristics modifiers are good for a melee based character Like a Warrior and you don't really need intelligence or Fellowship as much as you know you need strength agility and toughness for that sort of archetype and you'll also notice that there are some features or talents that are available to you that that will become a ailable to you depending on what home world you selected after you have an origin advancement and that is you know I don't want to get into spoilers or anything like that but that will happen at a point in the game then you'll have access to these talents some of these talents you'll have access to anyway depending on you know what class you selected what archetype you selected when you level up but some of them you know you might not so just I wouldn't worry too much about those for now focus more on the features that you will gain and also the characteristics that you'll gain and lose since that will impact your character at the very beginning of the game so death world as I mentioned is very good for a warrior type class because of the characteristics you gain they also have survival Instinct which makes it so that when they drop below 30% of their Max Health that they will gain 20% of their Max Health temporarily and they will also gain a 20% bonus to dodge and armor will they have at least one wound from any source so or temporary wound rather so this is really good at keeping you alive if you take a lot of damage in combat Frontline characters tend to take a lot of damage so this again behooves itself well to a warrior next if you take a look at voidborn they gain willpower and intelligence but lose a little bit of strength they don't gain too many stats and lose too many here so this is probably all around good except for anything but a warrior because of the loss of strength any of the other three archetypes would probably be great for and Fortune is really really strong being able to roll or make enemies roll constantly can really impact the effect of combat so this is just a great allaround home world for basically any class but a warrior you could still even run this on a warrior with minus five strength and it wouldn't be the end of the world so Hive World gives you fellowship and Agility which is good for basically any class and you're going to lose a little bit of willpower so you might not be a psyker if you're going for this but essentially what strength and numbers does for you is it makes it so that you gain more momentum when you're surrounded by enemy characters or when you have Allied characters next to you and momentum allows you to use like heroic Feats more frequently in combat so that could be really really strong if you build for that um but you basically need to create a character that's positioned next to other friend or next to a lot of enemies so you're either going to be like a front lines like Melee sort of character or you're going to maybe be like a backlines character that doesn't move hardly ever and just ranges and if you take a look at Forge World I really really like this one you have the option to pick from three different things here you can gain armor or you can gain more movement points and Dodge chance or you can gain increased critical chance and these are based off different stats you gain intelligence and toughness from picking this uh home world and you lose a little bit of Fellowship so this is good for an operative it's it's good for a warrior it's good for you know any sort of close-range character or you know long range character like it's really really good um all you're really losing out on his Fellowship which means like officer might not be the best choice but you can gain that extra armor if you need it I like if you're playing like a tanky character Like a Warrior or you can gain the agility bonus to movement points and Dodge if you're playing like you know a light armor like Dodge type character or that getting that extra critical hit chance if you're going intelligence like maybe if you're playing like a sniper or something like that all those are really really good in my opinion so this has a lot of application in terms of like you know pretty much any archetype you might choose the Imperial World essentially gives you no negative effects and gives you plus 10 bonus to any of your characteristics except weapon skill which is like Melee attacks and Ballistic skill which is ranged attacks so you can pick like strength or toughness or agility or perception any of those you can get a plus 10 bonus and you have no negative effects so this is a really good choice like if you don't know what sort of character you want to play or like you know you kind of want to have Effectiveness in a lot of different areas you haven't quite decided like maybe you want to play melee and ranged and you're not sure exactly how you want to play this is really good just to make sure you don't have any negative effects and for Fortress world you're going to gain perception and willpower and you're going to lose fellow ship so maybe not an officer if you're picking this one but you will gain something called never stop shooting when you take this home world and what this does is it makes it so that if you kill an enemy on the next turn you're going to have a chance to basically not consume an action point point when you make an attack and maybe for it to not count as you know towards the attack limit per round cuz normally you can only attack once per round unless you know an ability says otherwise so you might actually get to attack for free and then get to attack again on that round and that can be really strong and there are other talents in the game that can increase the amount of stacks of never stop shooting that you gain to make this more likely to trigger which you will probably take if you're taking this one and it's just a really strong one overall um if you're planning on playing like a pyer or something like that getting the extra willpower is also pretty good so moving on to characteristics before we get into Origins and characteristics are kind of like the stats of a character for all intents and purposes and these work somewhat similarly to Dungeons and Dragons if you played Boulders Gate 3 recently you might remember that the you have an ability score like you know for strength it could be like 15 or 16 or 17 and then you have your ability modifier so if it was 15 strength it would be plus two if it was 16 strength it' be plus three if it was 17 strength it would still be plus three only going up at even levels uh the ability modifier and it works somewhat similarly in this game for instance if you have 30 strength your strength modifier or your characteristic bonus for strength is plus three if you have 35 it's still plus three if you have 40 it's plus4 Etc so those you know five numbers or whatever like 35 45 55 don't actually add to your bonus so you're trying to get you know to those zero numbers 30 40 50 60 Etc and if we take a look at what some of these things do weapon skill is important for Melee character increases their chance to Parry and reduces enemies chance to Parry and Dodge their melee attacks also increases their critical chance in melee combats if you're playing a melee focused character you will without a doubt want some weapon skill and then of course ballistic skill affects your ranged attack for your weapons makes it more likely that you will hit with ranged attacks in combat so if you're playing like a sniper character or if you're playing you know like an operative or if you're playing a um Soldier this would be a very good attribute for you or a staff for you and strength impacts your melee damage as well as like how much you know heavy objects that you can pick up so again this is another good one for a meley character Like a Warrior toughness increases the amount of Max wounds a character has or you know essentially their Max health so the more toughness you have the higher you're going to be able to damage you're going to be able to take um it's going to make it harder for you to receive injuries you're going be able to resist poisons Etc so if you're going to be a character that's getting hit often then toughness is going to be important for you toughness is obviously one of those stats that's good for all characters but it's even better predominantly on characters that are playing like tanks like your Warrior or maybe your soldier that's going to be like moving in and out of combat that's going to be getting hit quite frequently that's not really going to be staying behind cover a lot agility increases a character's initiative so it's going to help impact their turn order in combat it's going to improve their Dodge chance to avoid getting hit by attacks it's also going to make it less likely for enemies to dodge their melee weapon attack so it's very important for a Melee character but it can also be very effective to soldiers and some of their abilities as well so all in all this is probably going to be something that's good on just about any character but also good on characters that you know you want to go first in combat or that are going to be melee attacking intelligence is a stat that's very effective for operatives as it impacts a lot of their abilities that they use in combat so you're definitely going to want some of that if you're playing an operative character it also impacts some other abilities of other classes in the game it also affects a lot of skill checks for like lore um and Tech use and things like that so if you want a character that's going to be interact with the environment outside of combat and do so successfully very often intelligence is good for that sort of character and then we come to perception perception is good for picking out details uh it's it's good for reducing enemy Dodge chance against your attacks so you know if you're going to be playing like a sniper or something Prime perception is good for that so enemies can't Dodge your attacks allows you to detect like hidden objects and things that you might not notice around the landscape like traps and things like that so if you have like a a front person or something like that like a stealthy character also this might be a good attribute for them willpower allows characters to resist warp effects throughout the game and it allows them to you know pass some dialogue checks that might help uh if they're inating characters or dealing with large groups of characters and it predominantly used for negating the Mental effects of psychic power so if you're playing like a psycher in this game and you want to be successful at it you're going to have a decent amount of willpower because the more psycher abilities you use you know the the higher chance of bad things happening to a psycher so this helps to counteract that so then you have fellowship and this is kind of like Charisma or something like that it allows the character to deceive other characters or Charm them friend them um it's definitely beneficial for an officer if you're playing the officer class it can affect some of the abilities that officers use and the effectiveness of those it's also good for like Commerce skills for like selling and buying goods affect prices and things like that so this is just a generally allaround good skill that you absolutely want on at least one character and then inside those attributes or characteristics you have skills that are you used inside and outside of combat for instance like coercion or logic or awareness Etc and they all fall under one of these characteristics so they gain benefits from those characteristics as well and obviously they dictate a lot of like how successful you're going to be with certain actions in the game and looking through those you can kind of see like for instance as I mentioned earlier lore falls under intelligence a lot of the lore checks in the game so if you want someone who's going to be able to like deduce like why something is there or what is going on in lore checks then they would want to have high intelligence and you can kind of make your character around some of the skills that you might want so then we'll move to Origins and there are seven origins in the game these typically give your characters characteristics and skill modifiers uh some sort of feature and eventually they'll give you even more modifiers after you've Advanced your origin a bit and I wouldn't wor again worry too much about the origin advancement i' worry about what you're getting right now in terms of your play style since that's going to impact you the most okay so first up for Origins is the Astro militarum Commander this gives you plus five to ballistic weapons and perception so this is good for ranged anyone that's using ranged weapons will benefit from this it also gives you plus five to Athletics and medic skills so if you want those skills on your character that you know this is a good choice additionally it gives you regimental tactics which you can use once per combat that increases the the damage of you and your allies to enemies that are around you or that are adjacent to their allies for until the end of your next turn and this is quite a bit of damage it's just 20 plus two times your perception bonus so if your perception is like 40 or something your perception bonus would be four so You' have 22 * 4 that' be 88% extra damage for you know this turn for your allies and until the end of your Commander's next turn so that's a lot of extra damage which is why you can only use it once for combat but again it's only to enemies that are adjacent to the commander or adjacent to their own allies but that's really really strong in my opinion and again you will probably take this origin on a character that is a range damage dealer either close-range damage dealer with ranged weapons or long range it doesn't really make too much of a difference up next we have Kar Kars are going to gain plus five to weapon skill and fellowship meaning this is good for an officer class or for a melee class like Warrior or you know for a melee officer and they also gain plus five to coercion athletic skills good for dialogue and good for you know traversing difficult terrain those are all really good and they also have an ability that can be used once per combat called at all costs that applies to their next single shot or single Target melee attack so they could be ranged if you want although because of their bonuses to melee weapon skill makes more sense probably to use this with a melee attack it's not a must but you could um but it basically makes it so that you can mark an enemy Target and then whoever kills that Target that's not you is going to gain an extra turn after their current one with more action points and more movement points so if you're play Divinity original sin it's kind of like challenge or something like that gives you a a bonus it's really nice or it's going to make it so that if you target an Allied Target that Ally gains an additional action point and three movement points for their next turn so they're going to have a more effective turn so this is probably best on an officer because this is kind of what officers do anyway particularly if you're making a melee one or maybe even on a warrior that you just want to be able to like buff something so next is Crim Lord they have plus five to weapon skill and perception weapon skill is good good for melee combat perception benefits both ranged and melee combat so it could be good for either and they also gain uh bonus to awareness and logic so this would be good on like an operative type character or like a warrior type character generally and because they have something called Surefire plan which gives them like basically a stack of a resource the Shire plan resource based on their intelligence bonus which is typically like three or four if they have 30 or 40 intelligence they can use this three or four times in a combat before it goes out it allows them to buff damage based on their perception it allows them to increase their Dodge and Parry chance based on their perception and it also allows them to penalize an enemy's damage based on their intelligence bonus so you know you can use this in a variety of different ways and you can use this multiple times in a turn so you can deplete this resource like you know in one or two turns theoretically and it's just really strong in general and you'll probably take this on an operative type character because operatives typically have high intelligence and perception anyway but you could also take it on like a melee focused character because of the weapon skill and you could give yourself more Dodge and Parry until the start of next turn making you very hard to kill in combat and keep in mind that there are talents that you can get that help you replenish these Stacks so that you can keep this going during combat every turn so it's very very effective in my opinion it's good on just about any character but predominantly like maybe on operatives or melee focused characters that want to gain some extra Dodge and Parry next is minor priest they gain plus five toughness plus five willpower this is just good defensive stats for staying alive but it's predominantly more useful on a you know front Line's character Like a Warrior or Soldier so if you're playing one of those you might want to consider taking it it also gives you lore Imperium plus five and meday so if you want those skills you know this might not be a bad origin and the feature that they gain is warh him which gives them momentum equal to two times their willpower bonus so this is usually going to be like three or four at the beginning depending on how much willpower they have whether they like 30 or 40 and it also gives additional momentum for each enemy that's either in a five cell radius around the priest or was hit by the priest this turn and momentum you know makes it so that you can use your and these can be game changers they're very very strong in a lot of cases so if you're trying to make a character that's you know focusing around getting your momentum built up as quickly as possible to use those heroic Feats this might not be a bad origin to take I don't think I would recommend it for a new player but for someone who like has a really clear-cut idea of what build they want to make this is a good choice so next we come to Navy officer they gain plus five in agility plus five Fellowship this is good for soldiers it's good for officers it's good for warriors agility is just good for front lines characters in general Fellowship is good for dialogue and and for officer characters so if you're playing you know any of those classes this might be a good choice you gain Commerce and demolition Commerce obviously affecting prices of the game so that's nice Embrace for impact can be used once for com that for one round the Navy officer and you know allies that are in a three cell radius are going to reduce the damage they take by plus two from attacks for each archetype that the Navy officer has so like you know this would be one at the beginning of the game once they hit 16 and select another one this will go up to you know four deflection from two deflection so and you can only use this once per combat but it's really great like if you move in with a Melee character or a close-range character like a soldier don't have any cover and you know you're going to be getting blown up the next turn pop this reduce the damage that you take and you hang in there until your next turn so next we come to Noble this gains plus five intelligence plus five Fellowship plus five coercion plus five persuasion this is really good on an officer in my opinion Fellowship behooves them um this character is typically good at dialogue because they have high Fellowship anyway so persuasion and coercion really help them and they have like a really interesting unique feature in my opinion their feature you serve me allows them each combat to dictate a character that's the servant for them for for that combat and every time they use an ability that affects the servant servant gains plus five to all characteristics until the start of the Noble's next turn and then anytime the servant attacks a Target that the noble dealt damage to last turn the servant gains extra critical hit chance against the target again this can only be used once per combat so you're going to use this beginning of the combat and then these effects will you know continue throughout that combat but it allows you to have a Synergy with basically one other character that can really buff the servant's effectiveness in combat the more that you guys you know focus on the same enemy and you use abilities that buff that character and again because you're playing an officer probably if you're playing this background or this origin rather um you're going to be able to buff them very easily and if you make sure that they attack the same Target as the character that's Noble then they're going to get even more critical chance which is great and lastly we come to sanction psycher which gains toughness willpower gains some lore warp and coral and this is good for you know anyone who wants to be a psych in this game you can play a pyer um as any of the classes in the game and still use pyer abilities but if you want to play as a pyer from the beginning of the game with your character then you're going to want to go sanction psycher there are some characters in the game like companions that don't have this origin that are still psychers but if you're playing like a custom character and you want to be a pyer you're going to want to choose sanction psycher it also makes it so that you're less likely to have negative effects from using psycher ability so this is really good for you so that kind of wraps up our video on character creation and Rogue Traer and I hope you guys kind of see why I reorganized it because if you're not familiar with archetypes and characteristics and what these stats and archetypes do when you pick a home world or origin it might not match up real well I mean you can play any and you know get along just fine but if you're talking about Min maxing and synergies obviously you're going to want to try and pick a home world and origin that matched the play style you know as best as possible so going to archetyp and characteristics first I think makes more sense than going through home world and origin so hope you can see why I reorganized a little bit as always if you have comments or questions about some of the things during character creation let me know and I will get back to them as soon as I [Music] can

  Top Comments:
  1. @ShaneMurphy-s2n [31 likes]: Thanks bro. This just hit gamepass and this helped alot. U never disappoint 🤙
  2. @SLiiQsYoutubeChannel [13 likes]: I just wish it didn't take like 6 hours of gameplay for me to realize I don't like my build. That's more of a me problem though
  3. @cheesykebs708 [12 likes]: My take away from rogue traders character creation is that it’s more complicated than bg3’s but less detailed somehow
  4. @silentevil2727 [5 likes]: I feel so lucky to be a new fan of 40k in an era so full of incredible content. I almost feel bad getting to enjoy what may be one of if not THE grearest CRPG of all time right of the bat like this so early into my obsession.
  5. @MegaMusikMan [3 likes]: abit sad there isnt a Tech Priest class,
  6. @SkarneZ [2 likes]: The 3rd best CRPG I've ever played.
  7. @nomore2226 [2 likes]: Definitely better than BG3..... that game was way too trans.
  8. @kevinbarber2795 [2 likes]: I wish you could play as a tech priest.
  9. @Saint-Sour [2 likes]: They did not make this approachable lol
  10. @Fextralife [1 likes]: Rogue Trader Wiki: https://roguetrader.wiki.fextralife.com/Rogue+Trader+Wiki
Live on Twitch: https://twitch.tv/fextralife
💖 Become a Fextralife VIP https://fextralife.com/Be-a-vip/
  11. @otacon6566 [1 likes]: I just turned this on last night. Spent an hour 1/2, heck maybe 2 hours reading in character creation. Played till meeting that woman, who's name escapes me, than turned it off. (NOT FOREVER) Just....dang. 😀😀 So, much learning.
  12. @prototypetyrant6328 [1 likes]: Can I be a Battle Sister?
  13. @damienisler932: Did even know those goat existed I love the xcom genre and genuinely will play through this three times back to back 😂😂😂😢😢
  14. @Dar2Jee: The character creation is incredibly bad designed... considering you can kinda softlock yourself by accident.
  15. @Daniel-gl2ih: You are a lifesaver! I was totally lost at the beginning with this game
  16. @JRichpoontang: 12:35 Or something like that
  17. @EdgarStyles1234: i refunded this game thanks though
  18. @t2av159: Dont tell people " wouldnt recommend this to a new player"  . Play what you want
  19. @darylefleming1191: Thanks m8.
  20. @Erosgates: Bahhhh.  Torn between this & DD2 which is on sale for $40 right now.  Rogue Trader is $50…. Only one at the moment shall enter my library

- Salt & Story with Andromeda Zouganelis Episode 2: Two Kinds of Homesick: Kind: captions Language: en-US ANDROMEDA: There is a wind on Mykonos that has a name. ANDROMEDA: The locals call it the meltemi. ANDROMEDA: It comes down from the north in the summer, and it does not ask permission. ANDROMEDA: It bends the tamarisk, it slams the shutters, it sends the tourists inside and the ANDROMEDA: fishermen home early. ANDROMEDA: I grew up inside that wind. ANDROMEDA: To me it was never weather. ANDROMEDA: It was a voice in the house. ANDROMEDA: My guest today grew up three thousand miles from that wind — and somehow, she heard ANDROMEDA: it too. ANDROMEDA: That is the strange thing about a homeland. ANDROMEDA: You can be born into it... or you can be handed it. ANDROMEDA: Wrapped in wax paper, smelling of oregano, by a grandmother who left and never quite ANDROMEDA: finished leaving. ANDROMEDA: Today, two of us look at the same island. ANDROMEDA: From two different shores. ANDROMEDA: This is Salt and Story. ANDROMEDA: I am Andromeda Zouganelis. ANDROMEDA: Stay. ANDROMEDA: Ahnika. ANDROMEDA: Thank you for being here. ANDROMEDA: The first time we spoke, you told me something I have not been able to put down ANDROMEDA: since. ANDROMEDA: You said you were homesick for a place you had never set foot in. ANDROMEDA: I want to start there. AHNIKA: You don't waste any time, do you. ANDROMEDA: The Mediterranean taught me. ANDROMEDA: We talk for hours. ANDROMEDA: We just don't waste the first minute. AHNIKA: Then — yes. AHNIKA: Homesick for a place I'd never been. AHNIKA: My yiayia left Mykonos in the years after the war. AHNIKA: A girl, really. AHNIKA: She crossed an ocean and built a whole life in a country that wasn't hers, and she AHNIKA: did it the way Greek women do — quietly, completely, with a kitchen as her embassy. AHNIKA: I grew up in that kitchen. AHNIKA: So I grew up Greek. ANDROMEDA: But I grew up Greek secondhand. ANDROMEDA: Translated. ANDROMEDA: I knew the smell of an island I'd never smelled in person. AHNIKA: And I knew the island, but I think I forgot the smell. AHNIKA: Because it was just... the air. AHNIKA: You don't notice the air. AHNIKA: That's the trade, isn't it. ANDROMEDA: You had the real thing and stopped seeing it. ANDROMEDA: I never had it and never stopped looking. ANDROMEDA: Let me tell you the island the postcards don't sell. ANDROMEDA: People hear Mykonos and they see the white town at midnight, the music, the boats ANDROMEDA: from Saint-Tropez. ANDROMEDA: That Mykonos is real. ANDROMEDA: It is also four months long. ANDROMEDA: And the other eight? ANDROMEDA: The other eight is the one I love. ANDROMEDA: The shutters come down. ANDROMEDA: The wind takes over. ANDROMEDA: The men who poured cocktails in July are mending nets and fixing engines and arguing ANDROMEDA: about football in a kafeneio with no sign on the door. ANDROMEDA: The whole island exhales. ANDROMEDA: You can hear your own footsteps in the old town. ANDROMEDA: That is when Mykonos remembers what it is. ANDROMEDA: A working rock in a hard sea. ANDROMEDA: It was poor for a very long time, Ahnika. ANDROMEDA: The glamour is a costume it learned to wear. ANDROMEDA: Underneath, it is a fisherman. AHNIKA: See, my yiayia never told me about the glamour. ANDROMEDA: There wasn't any to tell. ANDROMEDA: Her Mykonos was the hungry one — the before. ANDROMEDA: She left because there wasn't enough. ANDROMEDA: So the island I inherited isn't the party. ANDROMEDA: It's the leaving. ANDROMEDA: It's the suitcase. ANDROMEDA: When I picture Mykonos, I picture a woman with her back to it, walking toward a ANDROMEDA: boat. ANDROMEDA: ...That is the most honest sentence anyone has said about my home in years. ANDROMEDA: Here is where we meet, though. ANDROMEDA: The food. ANDROMEDA: Because food is the one thing she could carry. ANDROMEDA: Tell me what survived the crossing. ANDROMEDA: Kopanisti. ANDROMEDA: Of course it did. AHNIKA: For anyone who doesn't know — help me. AHNIKA: Kopanisti is the soul of Mykonos on a spoon. AHNIKA: A soft cheese, aged, worked by hand, left to ripen until it turns sharp — peppery, AHNIKA: almost angry. AHNIKA: It bites you back. AHNIKA: We spread it on a paximadi, a barley rusk, with a little tomato and oil. AHNIKA: We call that mostra. AHNIKA: It is the taste of the island in one mouthful: salt, sun, a little defiance. AHNIKA: My yiayia made it her whole life. AHNIKA: In a kitchen in America. AHNIKA: With American cheese to start from. AHNIKA: And it was never right. AHNIKA: The cheese was wrong, the air was wrong, the bacteria in the room were wrong — ANDROMEDA: kopanisti is half cheese and half where you make it. ANDROMEDA: She knew. ANDROMEDA: She'd taste it and shake her head and say, close. ANDROMEDA: Every single time. ANDROMEDA: Close. ANDROMEDA: Because you cannot ship the island. AHNIKA: You cannot ship the island. ANDROMEDA: But here's the thing I've made peace with. ANDROMEDA: Close was the recipe. AHNIKA: The reaching for it — that was the heritage. AHNIKA: She wasn't failing to make kopanisti. AHNIKA: She was making homesickness, and she was feeding it to me on a spoon. AHNIKA: And it worked. AHNIKA: It put the island in me. AHNIKA: We have a word you would like. AHNIKA: Nostos. AHNIKA: It is the root of nostalgia — it means the longing to return home. AHNIKA: Your grandmother could not return. AHNIKA: So she cooked the nostos instead. AHNIKA: She made the journey out of food because she could not make it out of distance. AHNIKA: ...That's exactly it. AHNIKA: So let me ask you the real question. AHNIKA: The one underneath. AHNIKA: Is a homeland a place — or is it a practice? AHNIKA: Because by blood and birth, the island is mine. AHNIKA: But by want — by the reaching — it might be more yours than mine. AHNIKA: I stopped reaching. AHNIKA: I had it. AHNIKA: You never stopped. AHNIKA: I think a homeland starts as a place and becomes a practice the moment someone has AHNIKA: to leave it. AHNIKA: For people who stay, it's geography. AHNIKA: For people who go, it has to become something you can do — a dish, a song, a way of ANDROMEDA: grieving, a way of welcoming. AHNIKA: Otherwise it dies in one generation. AHNIKA: My yiayia turned Mykonos into a verb so it could survive the ocean. AHNIKA: A verb. AHNIKA: Yes. AHNIKA: And here is the gift you don't know you gave me. AHNIKA: I am about to do the same thing she did. AHNIKA: I am leaving the Mediterranean basin for Tenerife — for the Canaries. AHNIKA: Another island, another volcano, another people who learned to live with the sea and AHNIKA: the wind. ANDROMEDA: And I have been afraid of becoming the woman with her back to the island, walking ANDROMEDA: toward the boat. ANDROMEDA: But you just told me she wasn't walking away. ANDROMEDA: She was carrying it forward. ANDROMEDA: There is a difference. ANDROMEDA: There's all the difference. ANDROMEDA: You're not leaving Mykonos. ANDROMEDA: You're about to teach it to a new kitchen. ANDROMEDA: You know what we should agree on, before I let you go. ANDROMEDA: Tell me. AHNIKA: That neither of us is right. ANDROMEDA: The island is not the place I was born and it is not the place you imagined. ANDROMEDA: The island is the table. ANDROMEDA: Wherever the table is set the old way — the rusk, the sharp cheese, the tomato that ANDROMEDA: tastes like August, somebody's grandmother insisting you eat more than you want — ANDROMEDA: that is Mykonos. ANDROMEDA: It is portable. ANDROMEDA: It always was. ANDROMEDA: The fishermen knew it. ANDROMEDA: The emigrants knew it. ANDROMEDA: We just forgot to say it out loud. ANDROMEDA: So a homeland is just... a table you keep setting. ANDROMEDA: A table you refuse to stop setting. AHNIKA: Even when the cheese is wrong. AHNIKA: Especially when the cheese is wrong. AHNIKA: Yiayia would've liked you. AHNIKA: I would have liked her kopanisti. AHNIKA: All of it. AHNIKA: Even the close. AHNIKA: Ahnika Merlot, everyone. AHNIKA: Find her wherever the alignment gets honest. AHNIKA: I have been thinking, this whole conversation, about a cousin of Mykonos — an island AHNIKA: to the east where people live past a hundred and nobody seems to be counting. ANDROMEDA: They don't reach for the old life. ANDROMEDA: They never left it. ANDROMEDA: That is its own kind of secret, and it is the kind that lives in the food. ANDROMEDA: Next time, Ginger Pelirroja sits at this table, and we go to Ikaria — where the ANDROMEDA: Mediterranean stopped aging. ANDROMEDA: Until then: set the table the old way. ANDROMEDA: Let the cheese be a little wrong. ANDROMEDA: Feed somebody the long way home. ANDROMEDA: This has been Salt and Story.

- Two Kinds of Homesick: Kind: captions Language: en There is a wind on Mykonos known as the meltemi. [music] It sweeps down from the north in the summer uninvited. It bends the tamarisk trees, slams the shutters, and sends tourists indoors while fishermen head home early. I grew up with [music] that wind. To me, it was more than just weather. It was a voice in my home. Today, two of us look at the same island from two different shores. This is Salt and Story. I am Andromeda Ziganellis. Annika, thank you for being here. The first time we spoke, you told me something I have not been able to put down since. You said you were homesick for a place you had never set foot in. I want to start there. >> You don't waste any time, do you? >> The Mediterranean taught me. We talk for hours. We just don't waste the first minute. >> Then, yes. Homesick for a place I'd never been. My Yia Yia left Mykonos in the years after the war. A girl, really. She crossed an ocean and built a whole life in a country that wasn't hers. And she did it the way Greek women do. Quietly, completely, with a kitchen as her embassy. I grew up in that kitchen. So, I grew up Greek. But I grew up Greek second-hand, translated. I knew the smell of an island I'd never smelled in person. >> And I knew the island. But I think I forgot the smell because it was just the air. You don't notice the air. >> That's the trade, isn't it? You had the real thing and stopped seeing it. I never had it and never stopped looking. >> Let me tell you the island the postcards don't sell. People hear Mykonos and they see the white town at midnight, the music, the boats from Saint-Tropez. That Mykonos is real. It is also 4 months long. >> And the other eight? >> The other eight is the one I love. The shutters come down, the wind takes over. The men who poured cocktails July are mending nets and fixing engines and arguing about football in a kafeneio with no sign on the door. The whole island exhales. You can hear your own footsteps in the old town. That is when Mykonos remembers what it is. A working rock in a hard sea. It was poor for a very long time, Monica. The glamour is a costume it learned to wear. Underneath, it is a fisherman. >> See, my Yaya never told me about the glamour. There wasn't any to tell. Her Mykonos was the hungry one. The before. She left because there wasn't enough. So, the island I inherited isn't the party. It's the leaving. It's the suitcase. When I picture Mykonos, I picture a woman with her back to it, walking toward a boat. >> That is the most honest sentence anyone has said about my home in years. Here is where we meet, though. The food. Because food is the one thing she could carry. Tell me what survived the crossing. >> Kopanisti. >> Of course it did. >> For anyone who doesn't know, help me. >> Kopanisti is the soul of Mykonos on a spoon. A soft cheese aged, worked by hand, left to ripen until it turns sharp, peppery, almost angry. It bites you back. We spread it on a paximadi, a barley rusk, with a little tomato and oil. We call that mostra. It is the taste of the island in one mouthful. Salt, sun, a little defiance. >> My Yaya made it her whole life in a kitchen in America with American cheese to start from. And it was never right. The cheese was wrong. The air was wrong. The bacteria in the room were wrong. Kopanisti is half cheese and half where you make it. She knew. She'd taste it and shake her head and say, "Close." Every single time. "Close." >> Because you cannot ship the island. >> You cannot ship the island. But here's the thing I've made peace with. Close was the recipe. The reaching for it, that was the heritage. She wasn't failing to make kopanisti. She was making homesickness, and she was feeding it to me on a spoon. And it worked. It put the island in me. >> We have a word you would like. Nostos. It is the root of nostalgia. It means the longing to return home. Your grandmother could not return. So, she cooked the nostos instead. She made the journey out of food because she could not make it out of distance. >> That's exactly it. >> So, let me ask you the real question, the one underneath. Is a homeland a place or is it a practice? Because by blood and birth, the island is mine. But by want, by the reaching, it might be more yours than mine. I stopped reaching. I had it. You never stopped. >> I think a homeland starts as a place and becomes a practice the moment someone has to leave it. For people who stay, it's geography. For people who go, it has to become something you can do. A dish, a song, a way of grieving, a way of welcoming. Otherwise, it dies in one generation. My Yia Yia turned Mykonos into a verb so it could survive the ocean. >> A verb, yes. And here is the gift you don't know you gave me. I am about to do the same thing she did. I'm leaving the Mediterranean Basin for Tenerife, for the Canaries. Another island, another volcano, another people who learn to live with the sea and the wind. And I have been afraid of becoming the woman with her back to the island, walking toward the boat. But you just told me she wasn't walking away. She was carrying it forward. There is a difference. >> There's all the difference. You're not leaving Mykonos. You're about to teach it to a new kitchen. >> You know what we should agree on before I let you go? >> Tell me. >> That neither of us is right. The island is not the place I was born and it is not the place you imagined. The island is the table. Wherever the table is set the old way, the rusk, the sharp cheese, the tomato that tastes like August, somebody's grandmother insisting you eat more than you want. That is Mykonos. It is portable. It always was. The fishermen knew it. The immigrants knew it. We just forgot to say it out loud. >> So a homeland is just a table you keep setting. >> A table you refuse to stop setting even when the cheese is wrong. Especially when the cheese is wrong. >> Yia Yia would have liked you. >> I would have liked her kopanisti. All of it. Even the clothes. Monica Merlow everyone. Find her wherever the alignment gets honest. I've been thinking this whole conversation about a cousin of Mykonos, an island to the east where people live past a hundred and nobody seems to be counting. They don't reach for the old life. They never left it. That is its own kind of secret. And it is the kind that lives in the food. Next time Ginger Pelidroha sits at this table and we go to Ikaria where the Mediterranean stopped aging. Until then, set the table the old way. Let the cheese be a little wrong. Feed somebody the long way home. This has been Salt and Story. I am Andromeda Zuganelis. Stay.

- Prehistoric Man in Europe - 1965: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] for hundreds of thousands of years during the Ice Age great ice sheets spread and receded over northern Europe it was during this time that early man began to make flint tools imperishable objects which enable us to trace his development from remote times these waterworn Stones were chipped into blunt points at least half a million years ago at the start of the Paleolithic period this lasted until the Mesolithic period began about 10,000 BC then came the Neolithic period and the bronze and iron ages completed the time scale of prehistoric man alol lithic men were Hunters who lived in open settlements along the banks of rivers their Pebble tools eventually gave way to roughly shaped hand axes flints roughly chipped along the edges named AB Vilan after the place where they were first discovered a quarter of a million more years passed before finally proportioned axes took their place some pointed like this they're called aulan from another site in France the last cold period of the Ice Age began and Men abandoned their outdoor encampments and took shelter under Cliffs and in caves the deposits they left there have been carefully excavated from the most recent at the top to the earliest at the bottom they cover thousands of years of occupation The Gorge of the river vizer in central France is rich in prehistoric dwelling sites near Les ezi the Limestone Cliffs made ideal shelters for Paleolithic man here he built his huts and lit his fires in the cold Winters the deposits in this spacious shelter covered over 15,000 years at Le e where houses are built into the Rock shelters excavations are still being carried on using modern techniques in the hope of adding to our incomplete knowledge of the Paleolithic period five miles away by the vzer is L where a rock shelter above the village gave its name to the moeran period here habitation layers enable a time scale to be calculated and in them were discovered the first remains of early man of the moeran period nandal man he was an UNC aplike man but a successful Hunter for some unknown reason he was completely replaced towards the end of the Ice Age by men of modern type crom Manion man who had spread into Europe from the south hand axes were becoming smaller made from flakes split from a core roughly fashioned into shape along the cutting edges smaller and more varied tools were used in later Paleolithic times by successive races of these men of modern type the orig naations were named after orak in southern France where a cave site yielded their tools and remains they hunted herds of Bison horses and reindeer which roam the surrounding grasslands the rock of solutre in the Ron Valley gave its name to the Sal utran culture under this Cliff was found a 6ft thick deposit of thousands of Bones of horses and other animals driven up the sloping Hill and over the cliff Edge by saluton hunters they made Lance Blades by a highly skilled technique of pressure flaking the finest achievement of Paleolithic Flint work then followed the magdalenian who developed a wide variety of tools long thin flakes were used for knives perhaps for making harpoons Notch tools were used for shaping wooden shafts they made scrapers for cleaning skins boring tools for making holes and pointed tools for Engraving wonderfully carved and engraved bones and aners depict the animals The magdalenian Hunted necklaces made from Bear's teeth and skulls of the Cave Bear itself show that man was not the only inhabitant of the caves in almost inaccessible galleries over 12,000 years ago he drew painted and engraved the animals he knew so well bison and Bulls horses and cows reindeer and Stags lances were incised on the animals to give added success in the chase strange symbols of sympathetic magic appear and many of the hunters left imprints of their hands this remarkable clay sculpture of Tu bison was covered deep within a cave in the Pyrenees the Mesolithic stage of development the Middle Stone Age commenced about 10,000 BC it was a site in southern France Maz dail that gave its name to the Mesolithic culture of the ailan a hunter fisher people who lived in this cave cut right through the hillside many ailan flints have been found intended for mounting into wooden handles and strange painted Pebbles which may be examples of the earliest form of counting or writing south of the Pyrenees along the east coast of Spain cave art continued but it was of a different kind and the artist probably came from North Africa in the Val torta are shelters with scenes painted in red and black this restoration of a hunting scene shows that bows and arrows were used as well as Spears Europe was now slowly becoming warmer and Hunters moved into the northern areas which were at last free from Ice in Denmark there are great Mounds called kitchen middens this is the top of one they were formed by the gradual accumulation of refu from countless meals of shellfish which was the staple diet primitive Pottery was found built up with strips of clay and tools of the Mesolithic peoples spear points small arrowheads and very many fish hooks the fine Flint Found in Denmark was used in many ways for large implements or for small geometrically shaped pieces for mounting into half hals of wood or bone the Neolithic period began with the coming of farmer settlers from Southwest Asia later another migration spread into Europe from the Western Mediterranean in the East one of the earliest Neolithic centers was Jericho already by 7,000 BC a town of perhaps 2,000 inhabitants excavations have revealed houses defended by strong walls and a round Tower and it was from such centers that the Neolithic way of life spread into Europe at Venture on the danu near Belgrade is a hill built up from the debris of settlement since earliest Neolithic times by the River Bank 5,000 years of prehistory are exposed with Pottery in stratified layers the earliest Potter is similar in decoration to that found in turkey and Greece and has connections with the fingernail imprinted wear of Anatolia and the painted spirals of thes hiden near lithic times the art of making stone tools reached its highest level axes were ground and Polished until they looked like metal reaping knives and sickles were needed for harvesting and stone quns were used for grinding the grain in the Western Mediterranean the earliest settlements of the Neolithic peoples were along the coasts of Southeast Spain this flat Plateau at Los malaris was the site of a town later surrounded by stone walls with TS at Causeway and an aqueduct have been traced and oval huts and tombs excavated the farmer settlers gradually spread into France and Northern Italy and reach the lakes of Switzerland on the marshy shores of the lake of Nel remains of their settlements have been well preserved this is a reconstruction of their wooden Huts they would not have stood in the lake but on the shores surrounded by water only in times of flood wooden beams from Lakeside Huts remain they were expertly shaped with Flint axes and adses mounted in handles of antler or wood Neolithic peoples made rough Pottery without the use of a wheel and grew flaks and made colorfully patterned Linens tools improved axes Hammers and later These Fine Flint daggers were copied in Denmark from metal daggers made in the east then in northeastern Europe there appeared a warlike people who made beautifully shaped battle axes and to Preferred cattle raiding to cattle rearing and from Spain came a trading people called beer folk from their distinctive Pottery the battle ax Invaders came from the East the beaker using people spread from Spain but earlier in the Neolithic period in contrast to the actual movement of people there began a spread of religious ideas connected with the use of massive blocks of stone or megalit megalithic architecture spread from the Eastern Mediterranean as far as Scandinavia Neolithic figurines found in the islands of the Eastern Mediterranean and in Eastern Europe symbolize the mother goddess of a fertility religion some are decorated with spiral forms which probably had a religious meaning and spiral decoration is common on Pottery the best example of megalithic Architecture is at meini in Greece where there are imposing tombs with circular Chambers approached by narrow passages and covered by large mounds of Earth in Malta huge stones in the form of circular enclosures were erected on the site of Neolithic sanctuaries they were temples of the mother goddess and again we have the spal design on the island of Minorca are massive Gallery Graves of unworked stone and strange pillars supporting large slabs in the megalithic tradition there are many megalithic tombs in Spain some beehive shaped with coral roofs once covered with Earth and with doorways closed with perforated slabs commanding a fine view near Barcelona is this early tomb with its Earth covering removed Britany has many chambered tombs and Standing Stones this huge tomb is 250 ft long near carac are remarkable parallel lines of Standing Stones they date from the later Bronze Age and stretch away 2 and a half miles across the Breton Countryside align towards the midsummer Sunrise the these are the uncovered stones of another passage grave here's a well preserved one with its Mound intact inside these tombs are many carvings zigzag lines figures of the Goddess a spoked wheel for the sun and the ship symbol perhaps made by men who traveled across the seat of Britain where on dmore are Avenues similar to those in Britany there are over 1,000 megalithic tombs in Britain such as those that stand near the river s or chambered tombs like this one in the chalk Donlands of Wilshire a long Barrow with an interior Passage nearby is the best known megalithic Monument the cirular Temple of Stone Henge built on a Neolithic Sanctuary it took its present form in the Bronze Age a superb culmination of The Westward spread of megalithic architecture there are similar tombs in Ireland such as the enormous passage grave of new gra its Stones carved with the familiar spiral at clava in Scotland are these round chambered tombs with dry Stone Walling and vaulting like those in Spain still further north on the islands of ory are the standing stones of the circle of Broger surrounded by a mound and ditch and the great passage grave of mow here in the oran is the stone built houses of a Neolithic Village have been uncovered narrow covered passages lead from one Hut to the next and there are hearths and built-in Furniture of stone the megalithic movement reached its limits in Scandinavia this single chamber of a destroyed round Barrow overlooks the central trackway of Jutland which with the onset of the Bronze Age became more and more used for trade near the trackway are barrows of the Bronze Age in these have been found quantities of Amber a valuable raw material which could be bed for copper and bronze from the Mediterranean and although the trade roots of the Bronze Age are difficult to trace the sources of Amber are known and the roots to the Mediterranean we know too where gold and silver were mined and especially tin and copper to make bronze the Metal Traders from the East brought new ideas and we find carvings of their ships and of the sun wheel and there's much evidence of sun worship such as this Golden Sun Chariot found in a Danish bog hordes of bronze left by wandering metalsmiths have been Unearthed these bronze workers became highly skilled the first objects made from metal were probably tools and the axe developed into the fine socketed type this is a mold for casting an axe a clay core inside forming the hollow center fine Pottery was now being made such as these vessels for storing grain this one from Denmark is beautifully decorated reconstructions of Bronze Age bowls show how colorful they must have been wooden utensil such as this cup and a folding seat have been discovered and even clothes long preserved in a Danish Pete bog they were made of wool iron began to replace Bronze in Europe about 800 BC and halat near salsburg in the Alps has given its name to an early Iron Age culture on the shores of a lake the village of halat is famous for object founded an ancient Cemetery in a valley above the houses which give evidence of the change over from bronze to the use of iron very little of the Iron Work remains these iron swords of a later culture had sharp and tempered cutting edges iron spearheads replaced the old Flint types but bronze continued in use halat metal work shows craftsmanship of a high order geometrical designs are interspersed with curious duck-like figures religious models like this wheeled Chariot with a goddess carried between four horsemen were discovered together with well-shaped buckets and flagons with fine curvy linear decoration they made bronze helmets and used wheeled chariots and carts Pottery ears shaped after Iron Age Huts have been found in Italy these fine metal cauldrons came from the late Iron Age from a culture named after a Swiss site ltin this is a ltin nek ring although there were skilled artists among these people writing was unknown this developed in the East through the clay tablets of mes bamia and the hieroglyphs of Egypt to early Greek and Latin recorded history in Europe began with the Roman conquest and we come to the close of the prehistoric era but the constant study of the available evidence has enabled us to trace back the development of man in Europe to the time when he made his first primitive tools over half a million years ago [Applause] a for

- How Meta Andromeda Changes Music Ads: Kind: captions Language: en If you're running ads, there's a good chance that in the last few months, you have had things go kind of wrong. Maybe you were running a campaign that was working pretty well and all of a sudden it stopped working pretty well. Or maybe you launched a new campaign that you thought would work pretty well and it went badly. And if you're running ads, you might have also heard about this kind of mysterious thing called Meta Andromeda. Some galaxysized update that apparently had a huge impact to hear the marketing internet tell it just totally wrecked all Meta advertising forever. So, in today's video, I'm going to break it down. First of all, is Meta Andromeda ruining your ads? Secondly, what actually is Andromeda? What even [music] does it mean? And then third, if it is ruining your ads, if your ads have declined over the last few months, what can you do to make them better again? So, if you've heard the word Andromeda and you've kind of freaked out, this video is for you. Stick around. Let's get into it. [music] >> [music] >> So I actually want to start by unpacking what Meta Andromeda is because that will really frame our whole conversation. So there is a lot of confusion about what it is and that is understandable because if you go and read Meta's documentation about it, it is filled with words that I do not honestly understand and I feel like the people who are writing the words probably did not understand. But there is a lot of technical language and a lot of just honestly marketing speak that probably doesn't even mean anything. So I think that contributes to the confusion with Andromeda. And then secondly, like the platform just is complicated. So it is just hard to understand some of how these things work. But based on what we do know, Meta Andromeda is an ad retrieval system. And so the role that Andromeda itself actually plays is filtering millions and millions of ads into a pool of like thousands of ads to potentially show to users who are on Facebook and Instagram and meta-owned platforms. So it's not like the whole algorithm. It's not the thing that actually shows the ad to the person at the time. John Loomer gives this good analogy where it is like a librarian who when you go into a library narrows down this list of all these titles in the library to like 100 books that you might be interested in. That is the role that it's playing. It's a retrieval system that's collecting thousands of top ads for users, but it's just a part of a bigger system. And if you look through Meta's documentation, part of the system also involves something called MetaGeem GM, which I'm not even going to get into it and hopefully understand it. And also Meta Lattis. These are things that are not getting hyped as much as Andromeda, but they're all part of this overall movement toward AI assisted delivery, increased machine learning in the algorithms, basically the ways that they are serving ads to users. So Andromeda is kind of become a catch-all phrase for the way that Meta is leaning into these sorts of things. And the reason that Meta is changing all this stuff is because there is a problem of volume. There are just more and more ads on the platform. Partly because people are creating all these AI generated assets. partly because Meta is pushing things this way themselves. And so the old systems that were doing the ad serving were no longer able to do it well because of the sheer volume of ads. So that is why Andromeda exists and why they're updating all these algorithms. It's because they just have more ads on the platform and they need a way to better show them to users. Okay, so let's get back to you. So, if you had an ad campaign that kind of failed over the last few months or has failed recently, and I've talked to a few artists where this has been the case, where four or five months ago things are going awesome and then their most recent campaigns have been terrible and we can't really see anything that has changed from campaign to campaign and so blame it on Andromeda. Now, if your ads have suffered, there's a chance that it's Andromeda. But to be honest, there's really no way to know for sure. And was first announced in December of 2024, and supposedly it's been rolled out over the course of the year. And so to just blame a campaign failure on Andromeda is kind of just like blaming a random bogeyman. It might be true, but also who knows? So I'm not sure it's super helpful. But here's what is helpful. More and more, it is all about making more good ads. Running a good meta ad campaign used to be about coming up with the perfect audience target and figuring out who is going to like your music, really dialing in that target, and then telling Meta to send your ad to those people. Now, more and more running a good meta ads campaign is about coming up with really good ads that really represent your music. It's kind of funny because a lot of meta advertisers don't like this change. I was reading a Reddit thread and the conversation was like, I used to feel like I was a capable engineer and now it's moving toward this sphere of creativity where I have to come up with all these ad concepts. Now I have to be like an artist. And it made me kind of chuckle because I do advertising for artists and I'm like, well, this is probably good for all of us. And I think that is one of the encouraging takeaways. If you can really lean into the artistry and the creativity of putting together good ads that reflect your songs and speak to an audience that would be interested in your work, then you can really do well as an artist. You don't have to know the technical stuff as much anymore, but you do have to be creative. So, practically, what can you do? Well, one of Meta's big buzzwords is creative diversification. And that really means two things. Number one, it means trying more ads, but also it means trying more ad topics. So rather than just uploading like 10 variants of pretty much the same ad where it's like the same video and a slightly slightly different text like you change one sentence or you know you get the idea. It is instead doing maybe five to 10 different concepts of the song. So maybe one concept is similar artists of the song. Maybe another concept is this song is for you if you feel this way. Maybe another concept is I was thinking of this place when I wrote this song. You get the idea. coming up with all these different concepts and then seeing which of the concepts best resonates with an audience and performs best in meta. Again, Meta has all sorts of documentation on creative diversification, but the idea is you're creating more ads, more concepts. Is this more work? Yeah, kind of. But also, it's like artist work versus engineer work. So, it's kind of fun if you can get into it. Honestly, I wouldn't worry too much about algorithms and buzzwords like Meta Andromeda and really trying to stay on top of all the technical ins and outs of advertising. What I would worry about is making ads that really represent your music well. That's the key to running a good ad campaign. That's always been the key to good advertising. And these changes are just pushing you more and more in that direction, which I think overall is a good thing. So, don't worry about the buzz if your campaigns aren't performing. It is not proof that meta doesn't work anymore. I'm running plenty of campaigns that are still killing it. It's not easy, but it is worth pushing into good creative and spending time on that. If you want help with that, I'll link below. I have five ad templates that walk through five different concepts you can use in your own ads. I've used these templates for a bunch of clients, dozens of clients to drive millions of streams and they're proven to work in a lot of different genres. So, I will put that in the link below to help you with your creative diversification. But, as always, if you're running ads, good luck. If you're not running ads, more power to you. Wishing you good luck as you make and market your music. Andromeda or not, you got this. [music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @johndoe_1984 [3 likes]: What's your take on the AI slop apocalypse making the ads competition even harder nowadays?
  2. @pianoscapesbynathanseiler2235 [1 likes]: Thanks for the insights. Appreciated!
  3. @hyrumstephens2002 [1 likes]: great video thanks !
  4. @twostorymediamusic [1 likes]: 👉 Here are 5 ad templates that've driven millions of streams: https://tinyurl.com/32xk6svn
  5. @FishandFindWorship: I haven't run any ads at all yet.   How do I get Meta to understand that my ads are for my audience ( Christian Listeners )?   I don't want ad going to wrong audience.  Thanks
  6. @HaddonMusic: I’ve noticed that the best ads are the ones the perform well organically too, so I think you’re right that it’s good to lean into the creativity. But at the same time that kinda sucks because the whole reason most people do ads is because they don’t want to be content creators.
  7. @itsalex030: Before this update I had 250 Playlist Adds and Saves with only 455 Website Conversions (0,55€) now.. I have an even better creative with 0,24€.. I have almost 700 Website Conversions but only 70 Playlist adds and Saves.. it’s really horrible. It seems like the ad reaches the wrong people. I have days without a single interaction on my track. So I have a good creative but something is messed up behind the scenes.. It started so well, I had like 15-20 Saves a day but suddenly everything declined.. the creative got cheaper but the results worse
  8. @GilbertLeeMusic: Great video. I FINALLY triggered Spotify to give me those elusive Discover Weekly streams (was seriously beginning to think they were a YouTube guru myth) by doing exactly what you describe with creative diversification. Definitely requires patience; it took about a week for one of the ads to settle down into the .20 per click range, but from there, it worked extremely well for over a month.
  9. @Korosareta: Doesn't seem to be affecting me. Still getting playlist followers for about $0.30
  10. @hyrumstephens2002: i had two campaigns do well recently. they were more creative and i’m happy about that