- Top 6 Coding Interview Concepts (Data Structures & Algorithms): Kind: captions Language: en Hey everyone, welcome back. And today, let's do something a little bit different. Let's talk about the top six coding interview concepts that you need for interviews. And by top six, I mean the top six most common, at least in my experience. I think some people might disagree with a couple of these, but overall, these are definitely not controversial. I think generally speaking, these are six of the most common, you know, things that come up in interviews. And spoiler alert, dynamic programming is not going to show up on my list. For how difficult dynamic programming is and how much it's talked about, it actually doesn't show up that much in interviews. I think it's kind of funny. People spend so much time studying that because they think it's really difficult and they feel like it's definitely going to show up in their interview. Well, chances are it's actually not going to show up in your interview. There's a lot of companies that have actually banned asking dynamic programming questions. And even the ones that do ask it, don't ask it super frequently. So, I think your time would be better invested studying some of these other more common uh patterns and concepts. And definitely feel free to let me know if you'd like to see more videos like this or maybe other videos. I've seen a lot of suggestions for people asking about my Google interview experience and other videos like that. So, feel free to suggest it. But, okay, now let's get into the top six list. Let's start with number six and that is going to be a data structure called a heap. You may or may not be familiar with heaps but they are a very common data structure that comes up. There's some problems where actually the entire problem itself is just using a heap like okay you know there's some operation you're trying to do maybe you're trying to get the minimum value or the maximum value or one problem that comes up very frequently is the top k values or something like that. And that's really what a heap is designed to do. Because with a heap, there's two variations, a minimum heap and a maximum heap. If you were doing a minimum heap, for example, you could get the minimum value from the heap in bigo of one time, which is very efficient. But when it comes to actually popping that minimum value or adding a a value to a heap, that is done in log time, which is also very efficient. One thing about the heap that I see a lot of people get wrong and even I've had interviews where the interviewer didn't know this and it was kind of an awkward situation because I was trying to explain my solution, but it's that if you're building a heap, you have 10 values or n values, let's say, and you're building a heap, you can build that heap in big O of N time. As long as you have all the values available from the start, you can build the heap in big O of N time. But if you're actually uh manually adding each value to the heap, you don't have them available all at once, but you have to like, you know, go through some kind of data stream to add each value to the heap, then that will take n login time because adding a value to a heap is login. If you have to do that n times, that's how you're going to get that time complexity. But heaps actually also show up in a lot of standard algorithms like graph algorithms, shortest path algorithms, and things like that. So I think it's a very very good data structure to definitely understand because the implementation is a little bit complex but usually you don't have to implement a heap. You can just use it and it's very easy to use this data structure. Okay, next up is sliding window. When I actually first learned this algorithm, I didn't even know it was a standard algorithm. I was just doing some leak code problems. I couldn't figure out the problem. So I looked at the solution and saw okay there's this uh algorithm where you use two pointers to iterate through a array and I remember thinking wow this is a really clever technique if only I had known that it's actually a very standard algorithm it would actually have been easier to understand because this is the type of algorithm you can memorize and then apply it in many many different places. The idea is usually that you know to solve some problem you have to iterate through a array n times. So if you have to do that n times the overall time complexity becomes n squared. But there's a lot of problems where you can have two pointers and then use them kind of intelligently and in that way you only end up iterating through the entire array once. Well twice if you count the two pointers but that's still big O of n time. You don't have to do nested for loops. With a sliding window you just keep track of two pointers. You uh increment them in an intelligent way and then you get a very efficient algorithm. We've done a ton of sliding window problems on this channel, so definitely take a look at the sliding window playlist if you'd want to see some examples. The next algorithm is going to be binary search. I think every CS major will learn this algorithm and usually think it's pretty simple, at least conceptually, right? The whole idea comes from, you know, if you were guessing a number between 1 and 100 and you got some kind of feedback, right? Like if you got the wrong answer, you knew if it was too high or too low. Of course, if you were guessing between 1 and 100, you would guess 50. Because if it was too big, then you would eliminate all the numbers that are smaller than 50. If it's too small, then you'd eliminate all the values larger than 50. And then just continue to do that. Just take the halfway point between whatever you're trying to determine. So, in that sense, it's a very simple algorithm. Usually, binary search problems are really obvious that you're supposed to use binary search. You're given some kind of array and you have to search for a value. Usually you can search for that value in big O of N time which you might think is efficient but if there's a more efficient algorithm using binary search login is actually a lot more efficient than big O of N which is why binary search is you know an important algorithm but there's also a lot of problems that are easy once you know that you're supposed to use binary search but it's not obvious that you are supposed to use binary search sometimes there's a lot of data structures involved there's a lot of things going on. You might think it's a sliding window problem, but in actuality, it's a binary search problem. So, I think that's kind of the hard part about binary search. Sometimes even identifying the problem needs binary search. We've also solved a lot of binary search problems on this channel. If you want to take a look at the playlist for that, okay, next up is going to be actually two algorithms that are very uh similar. Depth for search and breath first search. These are two incredibly common algorithms. Probably the most common algorithms you'll use in coding interviews because they can be applied in so many different places. They can be applied to trees, but they can also be applied to general graphs, whether it's a 2D matrix type graph or a graph of nodes and edges. And DFS and BFS are actually the building blocks for more complex algorithms. things like uh Jixstra's algorithm, the shortest path, Cruscll's prim's algorithm, Bellman Ford, right? Most graph algorithms build on top of DFS and BFS. So if you have a very good understanding of DFS and BFS, you can actually solve a very large number of problems, not just graphs, but also trees and even more. And I would say if you can get to the point where you can write a DFS algorithm or BFS in your sleep, you're going to be in very good shape for coding interviews because these are very standard algorithms. Once you've written them so many times, it becomes like second nature. But when you're a beginner, these algorithms can be pretty daunting to learn. We do have a trees playlist and a graph playlist on this channel if you want to practice some DFS or BFS. Okay, next up is recursion. Recursion was super difficult for me when I learned it back in college, but now it's actually very intuitive. Just like DFS and BFS, recursion is applied in so many places. And it's also used in graphs as well as many other categories like backtracking, sometimes with dynamic programming, if you're talking about the memoization solution, and in so many other ways. Recursion is just a huge category. I don't know how you would even prepare for coding interviews if you didn't know recursion. And I definitely recommend getting pretty proficient with recursion. You definitely want to have a good understanding of the base case, the recursive step, and just the general idea of what's going on with recursion. You should understand that recursion does take extra memory to do. It's not free. You should understand how what's going on with the call stack as you do recursive algorithms. And I think this category is probably one of the most difficult for people to learn. I think recursion is the reason why people think graphs are hard, trees are hard, backtracking is hard. It's usually because they don't have a very good understanding of recursion. Okay, last up, the number one pattern I think you should understand for coding interviews is definitely hashmaps. It's the most simple thing on this list probably, but it's also the most common. There are so many problems that can literally just be solved by using a hashmap. The famous problem is probably twosome because instead of iterating through the entire array to search for a matching value with twosome you can just literally use a hashmap. That's the entire problem. If you use a hashmap then you solve it efficiently. And the important thing to know about a hashmap is basically that every operation that you do on it pretty much any operation at least can be done in big O of one time in constant time. Now technically that's not true in that technically it's amiratized because there's a lot of different ways to implement a hashmap under the hood but basically on average it'll take big O of one time and usually 99% of the time in real interviews people will just say okay yeah it takes big O of one time to do that in a hashmap you don't really need to get too technical with it adding removing and searching for values in a hashmap is very efficient and even in a lot of the other categories I was talking about DFS recursion and sliding window hashmaps actually come in handy for those as well. So even if the hashmap itself won't solve the entire problem, hashmaps are always used as utility data structures to do things efficiently. If you don't have a good understanding of hashmaps or know how efficient they are, then pretty much any coding interview problem is going to be challenging for you. So those are the top six coding interview concepts I think you should be preparing for. Let me know if you think there's anything that I missed or there's anything that you disagree with. Of course, I could have made this list a lot longer, but I like to be concise. And I think if you are preparing for your coding interviews and you don't feel like you have a really good understanding of the six things that I talked about here, definitely recommend studying that before you get into more complex things like dynamic programming or getting into those really advanced and obscure algorithms like KMP pattern matching or maybe crus algorithm which most likely you're probably not going to see in a real coding interview. You're more likely to see the things that I talked about here. As always, thank you so much for watching. Don't forget to like and subscribe if you found this helpful. It really helps the channel a lot. Consider checking out my Patreon if you'd like to further support the channel. And hopefully I'll see you pretty soon.

  Top Comments:
  1. @NeetCode [60 likes]: 🚀 https://neetcode.io/ - I created a FREE site to make interview prep a lot easier, hope it helps! ❤
  2. @danielandrews5357 [43 likes]: I was thinking this guy is stealing neetcode’s footage for this video 😂
  3. @ahkilleux: I've never had an interview where sliding window would have gotten me the job.

And in fact, more often than not, it would have cost me the job for being too complicated.

What is it saving you?

The loop initialization and increment cycles of looping a second time?

Meanwhile your loop interior block is handling two or more concerns at the same time, likely doing a number on your cyclomatic or cognitive complexity.
  4. @kayakMike1000: We avoid recursion in firmware.  By avoid, I mean we never do this.
  5. @ralpholiver2889: Me just coming out of an interview in 2026 with dynamic programming being shoved up in my ass watching this 🤡🤡
  6. @shannoks-k3j: I had this long ahh dynamic programming question yesterday and it destroyed me😭 0:31
  7. @sithubtraining: This is a highly valuable video for anyone preparing for coding interviews. Focusing on the top core concepts helps learners study smarter instead of solving random problems.

NeetCode has done a great job simplifying important DSA patterns and interview strategies.

At @sithubtraining, we always emphasize mastering core concepts first because that’s what builds real problem-solving ability. Great content, keep sharing.
  8. @madhukrishna3710: good information.
  9. @Yeagers_tech: Great breakdown. If someone has 2–3 weeks to prep, what’s the best practice order for these 6 concepts to get the most interview coverage fast?
  10. @conradlparker: https://youtu.be/HqPJF2L5h9U?si=1JYq94-tOmehNPBn&t=2551 @2:51
  11. @AlejandroLarson-m3g: To get the top 6 coding concepts, did you make a frequency dictionary of all the interview concepts, and then maintain a min heap of size 6?
  12. @gamers4life1: are u nick fuentes lmao
  13. @gtelephone: video is a complete waste of time.  Did not explain ANYTHING.
  14. @强-i3e: Heap
Recursion
Dfs Bfs
Binary Search
Sliding Window
HashMap
  15. @mmprojects5996: With regards to heap, O(logn) is actually better than O(n). So I wouldn't do heapify for performance reasons
  16. @rubenmorales5475: does anyone has a suggestion for me to read a a good book where I can find all of those concepts?
  17. @mrstrval: 70% of my interviews with big tech had dynamic programming problems 🤡
So kudos to author for useful advice 😂
  18. @JayPatel-eg6wv: I got a dynamic programmin question on my Online assesment for Amazon and it for a new grad position, Im cooked
  19. @KaivanMehta-z2x: Stacks and greedy implementation should definitely be in this list - saw a lot of this in OAs/ interviews.
  20. @First_Lst: Interviewed at Google. First phone question was a dynamic programming one. 😢

- We Nailed Facebook's Top - Now Here's What Comes Next For META: Kind: captions Language: en Ladies and gentlemen, welcome. My name is Alex Dorin and I'm a managing partner at 4D Capital. We specialize in a very unique mathematical approach to the stock market where we analyze the market and individual stocks in multi-dimensional space. And when we do, essentially perfect order emerges. On top of that, we've developed a number of very powerful timing indicators over the years. And when we combine both of those factors together, we can very often predict with exact accuracy in both time and price and on multiple time frames exactly what their underlying equity or the overall stock market will do going forward. I personally believe our work is nearly identical to what Jim Simmons was able to accomplish at Renaissance Technologies. Uh we're going to be looking at uh Facebook or Meta as it is known now. Today, um I'm going to tell you, uh exactly what the stock is doing, why it's doing it. Uh but before we do, just a very quick introduction. Basically, our primary goal at our firm is to identify equities that will um uh 2x, 5x, 10x, and do so within a relatively short period of time. So, in essence, we're looking for the next Nvidia, Apple, Bitcoin, uh Tesla, and so forth. But we have a secret weapon as compared to everybody else obviously is looking for the same thing. But we have a secret weapon. That secret weapon is our software that has been developed on top of our mathematical and timing work. And what we can do, for example, we can scan the entire S&P 500 and we're looking for u major bottoms that are coming up for important stocks, for example. Um, as you know, it's a lot easier to make money on the long side. So, we can identify the short opportunities as well, but we typically uh try to shy away from them uh for various reasons. But, um, skipping all of that. So what our software is able to do and I'll show you in in in relation to Facebook uh is to identify those uh very important bottoms and then it can project uh exactly what the stock is going to do next in both price and time from those bottoms with extreme accuracy. Once again I will show you in case of a of a Facebook that we uh analyze today. So with that said let's uh jump into Facebook see what it's doing why it's doing it what it's going to do going forward. Uh so hopefully you can uh benefit from that. Um so this is this is the breakdown for Facebook. Let me uncclick this uh here for a second so it's it makes it a little bit uh clear. Facebook is doing exactly what it should be doing. It is following our exact forecast uh to the tea. And uh basically what you're seeing here and by the way if you're familiar with our work you can skip forward probably three or four minutes and we're going to be in the midst of our forecast. But I'm going to explain here for those new uh subscribers or visitors that are looking at our analysis for the first time. So what you see here at the at the bottom on top of the chart is what we call cycle composite and it's a very simplistic representation of a very complex mathematical concept where we essentially scan the chart back in multi-dimensional space. We identify those composits and then we project them into the future. And as you can see, obviously the bottom composits are responsible for the bottoms. Uh long-term short-term uh this is a long-term composition. We can continue to break them down until we get into intraday. Uh and uh the top ones are responsible for the tops. As you can see, it's working out very well. Now, what makes makes matters even a little bit more complicated, there's typically multiple composits running um for any indiv individual stock or the overall stock market. So I typically use Dow Jones as an example and in Dow Jones we have two uh lower composits and two uh upper composits running at the same time. But if you uh combine them together you can very accurately uh essentially replicate what you see on a two dimensional time and price chart in terms of the actual movement of the underlying equity. So you can replicate this line is what I'm trying to tell you. Okay. So cycle composits uh give get us into the neighborhood of an upcoming turning point. Um usually they have plus or two plus or minus two months associated with them margin of error depending on the length of the cycle as the case here. That's a pretty good estimate here. U and then we have something that we call cycle clusters and cycle clusters are essentially a very similar concept but at the same time very different also very complex mathematical concept. and we scan the chart back in in in time uh going back in multi-dimensional space but this time around we use our proprietary cycles that we've developed over the years and we project them into the future. What we found over the years is that uh very important turning points or not so important depending once again on the time frame you're looking at. It's just, you know, you either zoom in or zoom out. You know the drill. But basically, uh, what we found over the years is that important turning points happen not when any particular cycle arrives, but when there's a a multitude of cycles, a cycle cycle cluster that has, let's say, two, five, 10 cycles arriving at the same time. The more cycles, the better, the the longer term they are, the better. Okay. So as an example once again Dow Jones March 6th uh 2009 as you know very important bottom for for the Dow Jones and the overall market at that time we had 15 powerful long-term cycles arriving within a 3-day window. So anybody who kind of familiar with this work they would be very much aware because the stock market has declined so much uh sub or substantially into that particular bottom. you would be looking for an important bottom and that particular time juncture would allow or that particular time cluster would allow you to determine that yes this is indeed a very important turning point and as we look back we very much know that that was indeed uh the a very important bottom at that time. So anyway what I'm trying to say is that cycle clusters or composits will get us into the neighborhood and cycle clusters get us the actual date. So if you look here for example at this cluster that was very near to the top uh in August we had um uh it's not showing me uh it's actually behind my so we had two cycles and the actual top we had five cycles. Okay so very very clear hit right here at the top and as you can see we hit the major cycle bottom here. Okay so now let's just jump in into the forecast. So basically what what you're witnessing here is that uh the the Facebook or Meta I keep calling it Facebook. I I I like it better that way. A little bit sentimental in in those terms. But um we we hit a major cycle bottom. Uh I'm sorry. We hit a major cycle top right here which is represented by this top in early August at approximately $800 a share. and we're declining into a major cycle bottom which is scheduled for the fourth quarter of 2026 in line with the overall market composition. So that we had a m so we had a major top here and then we're declining as you can see you know by the gap uh that is indeed uh happening uh perfectly. Okay so that was our original forecast and it is playing out as as anticipated. Now once this major cycle top uh I'm sorry once this major cycle bottom is put in place in fourth quarter of 2026 we anticipate Facebook to increase quite dramatically and substantially going forward. We're not even looking at that. We are concentrating at the bottom at this point in time but it's going to be a very wonderful accumulation opportunity at that time. So the question becomes how how far will we go to the downside? Where is the bottom? So uh this is yet another uh threedimensional representation um of our mathematical concept. I know it doesn't make much sense to you but it makes perfect sense to us. So let me just highlight two possible uh completion points for for Facebook. Uh this is one of them. So as you can see the the price is approximately $375 plus or minus $25. We we can narrow it down with the with the short-term work once we get closer to that particular juncture. We're not interested at this time because it's going to be quite a bit of time. uh a year before we get uh to this particular bottom. But this is one of them. So one of them is $375 plus or - $25. And this is the secondary target which is uh approximately located at uh let's say $300 plus or minus $20 thereabout. Okay. So these are the two very good targeting areas for for the bottom for Facebook. And once again, it will represent a very good accumulation area for those long-term holders because once the bottom is going to put is is put in place, it's essentially going to reverse and have a quite substantial rally into that 2028 2029 period of time uh surpassing this time. So, um, as of now, if you want to play, well, actually, um, I I should disclose probably that we've been short Facebook since approximately, um, uh, this level, uh, right here, right before the April, April, uh, top. Actually, we went went, uh, short right at the top, I believe, at $730. Um, and um, um, I think it's it's a bit late to play on the short side. there is just too much not enough uh cheese left so to speak. Um so it would be better uh in our view to uh kind of sit on the sideline in terms of the overall stock here and wait for for this bottom to arrive and then it's going to be a very wonderful buying opportunity opportunity at that time. So that's it for for Facebook um or Meta. Uh thank you very much for your time. We'll be back uh with another update uh tomorrow with uh probably Bank of America. By the way, don't forget to subscribe. Uh we do have a free trial associated with our work. I always forget to say that. Um it's it's a wealth of information, not only overall stock market, mega cap stocks like uh Facebook here. Um we also have fast movers, super equities, we have trading parameters. So just a wealth of information. If you would be interested in that, please uh sign up. uh not not sign up. The the link is in the description of this video. Please request it and we'll we'll set you up. Also, we have a webinar coming up on November 14th, which is next Friday at 12:00 p.m. Eastern time. Um it's u going to be very interesting. We talk about our uh the overall stock market composition, which we typically shy away from. We also uh showcase our software and how it is able for example scan the entire S&P 500 and tell you exactly which stocks will appreciate quite significantly going forward and we also show you how we calculate the market in multi-dimensional space. So it's going to be uh a wonderful opportunity to get yourself familiar with our work and uh see some uh very cool stuff. So um then again that's it. Thank you very much for your time and we'll be back with another update uh tomorrow. Bye-bye.

- Instagram’s Algorithm LOVES This New Carousel Strategy: Kind: captions Language: en If you've been told reels are for reaching new people and carousels are for engagement, they've lied to you. And it's costing you thousands, if not hundreds of thousands of followers and a ton of money every single month. Because a properly structured carousel doesn't just reach new people, it actually gives you three times more chances to hook people and go viral if you do it the right way. This carousel, for example, got me 88,000 views and thousands of new followers and actually made $18,000 within two months. And the crazy thing is you're probably already sitting on content goal that you can just turn into carousels today. So in this video, I'll break down exactly how the carousel algorithm works and the framework I use to structure every slide for maximum reach and impact. And this actually works so well that one of my clients used this framework and he got 45,000 followers from a single carousel. So let's break it down. Now, here's what everybody seems to believe nowadays. First of all, they think you need to post reels in order to grow and reach more people, new people, and post carousels to nurture and engage your existing ones. Now, that's actually not just wrong, but everybody tells you that's the way it works, has no idea about how carousels work, especially the carousels algorithm. Because let's say you have a reel, you just have maybe half a second to stop somebody to scroll through their feet with a reel. That's the only chance you've got. And if your hook doesn't land instantly, people are gone, right? And the algorithm moves on. With carousels, it's actually three times as easy and three times as good because first of all, you post a carousel, people are going to see the first slide obviously in their feet. But here's where it gets important. If somebody doesn't engage with your carousel with their slide, the algorithm doesn't just give up and just, that's it, like with reels, because the next time somebody opens up Instagram, could be hours later, could be even the next day, it's going to show them slide two, right? Kind of like it's fresh content again. And even then, if still nobody engages with their content, they get slide three the next time they come around. And that's three separate chances actually to hook the very same person, not just one, right? And most people completely waste the potential here because even if they have, let's say an amazing hook in the first slide, if somebody sees slide two first, because sometimes you don't actively pay attention to what you scroll through, and if slide two doesn't hook them on its own because they don't have context or whatever, you've lost them, right? Same thing with slide three. And that is a very big mistake. So how do we fix that? Actually, pretty simple. I call it the triple hook framework. Very creative. I'm very aware of that. But the idea behind that is very simple. Slides one, two, and three, each need to work basically as a standalone hook, right? Not a continuation, not part two of the story. No, it kind of needs to progress things without progressing too much, if you get what I mean, right? Basically wasting people's time in a sense, but because you hook them, they're going to be okay with that. Each one of the first three slides needs to be able to stop a cold scroller who has no context about you. So kind of see it as if you're making three entry points into the same content piece. So let me show you what I mean here, actually. This is one of my carousels that has gotten me 88,000 views, reached mostly non -followers, right? So AKA potential clients or whatever it is. Grew my account by a lot and actually made me 18,000 US dollars directly from people coming there because I tracked that within the first two months. So first of all, people are going to look here at the text. Your retention graph is the blueprint for your next viral post, right? Pretty good hook to be honest. I'm not going to get too deep into that. We'll have a bunch of videos about hooks, but there's also a second element of the whole hook, which is the graph, right? And both things combined, obviously open the whole curiosity gap here for people like you, because I know you guys, you're interested in that. So naturally you're going to swipe ahead to the second slide right there. And the second slide, if we take a look here, just on its own kind of progresses things further because we go into one example of these graphs. But if we take a closer look, this whole thing is a hook on its own because people instantly understand that graph, this drop right here. This is why you stay stuck. Most creators don't realize this graph literally tells you what to fix to blow up. So that's a hook right there on its own. If that doesn't hook you, by the way, you're not part of my target audience, but mostly people are going to be like, okay, this drop right here, I know what this is. Interesting. Right? And they're not even aware that there's actually another slide to the left of this whole thing. Cause they just see this and they're like, okay, let me swipe ahead. Same thing with the third one right here. If 60% of viewers leave within the first three seconds, it's not the algorithm. It's your hook. That is a hook right there again. Now, can you see that all three are separate hooks on their own and they could all be the first slide? Basically each one being an entry point on their own into the rest of the carousel. Now, as for the remaining slides, you basically just have to get your content across. If you look at this, if they leave midway, this is not really a good slide, honestly, but because the hook was good, it's all right. And there's people that say, well, you need to have exactly seven slides because people's attention spans and stuff like this. Yeah, no. All my data points towards being, well, you just have to have your carousels be as long as they need to be. And if you look at this one here, performed pretty well. Six slides out of which the first three ones are technically a hook and not really information or new information. So there's that. Now, obviously this whole thing doesn't just work for me. Here's an example from a client who used the triple hook strategy for the first time. And if we take a look at here, oh, here, I didn't get it out yet. That's what she said. And if we take a look at to her analytics right there, 2000 likes, almost 2000 saves and 94,000 views. This is German by the way, but this means views. And if we take a look at down here, right? First of all, most of the reach, almost 86% come from non followers. Take that all the gurus. And second of all, if we look at this graph, which is essentially how many views you get during the first seven days. In this case, the algorithm instantly knew what to do and it performed better. Now, if we take a look at this one, this is the regular graph of how things usually progress with her followers. It doesn't really look too much off from her regular path, but because she used the triple hook strategy, if we look at the non followers, how the non followers reacted way better. And this is the reason why this whole thing blew up. That is the triple hook strategy in action. Brand new people in her target audience were activated and found her account because of this. Now there's actually one thing missing that could totally wreck whether this whole thing actually even works for you or not. And a lot of people don't even know about this. It's actually using the right audio. And I'm not talking about trending audio or certain songs, the algorithm favors. Yeah, this actually matters way less than you think almost nothing. But what actually matters is finding a song or a sound bat or something that matches the vibe of your target audience and the content that you're putting across right there. Because for carousels, obviously retention, the long, the more people swipe through is the big thing. You can actually take a look into your analytics even deeper to see when did you get the most likes right there. And this could give you a first hint at where things become boring or what things are especially interesting, but using a wrong song or something that just doesn't really fit, can't snatch people out, but also using the right song can actually keep people watching it. If it underlines the content or whatever you have. So for example, if we take a look at the song of this carousel right there, well, probably I'm not allowed to show you the song by the way, here on YouTube. So I'm just going to put something that's very similar to it down there, but basically it's intentional. Obviously it's very mysterious. It's almost like you're Indiana Jones and you're finally figure out the truth about your retention graphs, right? Now let's compare this to the same carousel with a totally different song. You probably wouldn't even take this seriously. You would swipe away instantly because you'd be like, well, I'm not sure something is just off, right? Doesn't fit the vibe. Now, with all that being said, here's the part that most of you are going to love, because I'm going to show you how to create viral carousels with content you most likely already have. So almost no additional work, because one of the easiest ways to create viral carousels is just basically looking at your old content that already performed, and then you just repurpose it into a carousel. Sounds obvious, but you'd be surprised at how things work sometimes, because first of all, the carousel that I just showed you right there is literally a reel that I did a while ago, right? So basically just turned it into a carousel. By the way, it was also a long -form video here at some point. Go find it. And an email newsletter, which by the way, weekly, I send out deep dive newsletters to teach you how to grow your following and actually get clients with your Instagram down below for free. Now, point being, you don't have to reinvent the wheel, right? Nobody's going to call you out or be mad if you reuse things, even content pieces. We're not at the Oscars where they're trying to stone you if you wear the same dress twice. So recently, another one of my clients obviously used that carousel strategy, and she essentially found a thread that kind of performed better and made it into a carousel, expanded on it a little bit, and boom, a thousand followers gained right there with just this one carousel, Time commitment about this whole thing, not that much, to be honest. And again, she didn't create anything new really. So the barrier of entry with this whole thing is a lot lower with this strategy. Now, here's where I see a lot of people screw this up, and it could be a big problem. So when I was trying to become an Instagram influencer in those days, cringe alert, but yeah, it was different times. But reels did not exist back then, right? We had regular posts, we had carousels, and we had stories. And I was actually very active in the stories with my face, with my voice. Stories were the only way to get videos across. And I was like, yeah, I'm doing the video thing. And at some point after doing my thing, I could see that the audience that I had built was actually pretty invested, and I had way more engagement than all the other people, all the influencers around. And I was like, why is that? And after a while, I started to see a similar comment coming over and over again. It went something along the lines of, yeah, when I read your captions, I hear your voice in my head. And that's when it clicked. Written content works really, really well when it's an extension of your voice, right? When people kind of know you already and it's not, and this is where a lot of faceless and carousel only accounts draw the short straw, especially in the longterm. It's not a replacement for video or showing your personality in some shape or form. It would be like somebody sending you a DM saying, I'm going to need your kidney. Obviously I'm going to block this person, right? Report it and possibly get a restraining order. But if your best friend suddenly DMs you and is like, well, you know, I need a kidney. Obviously you would react differently. At least some people So don't just post carousels because you're like, oh, they're the replacement. And that's what gurus say. Well, this is the new way of growing. Yeah, kind of, but you need reels for videos and you need to let people hear your voice. Then the carousels are suddenly going to hit a lot different. So here's what I want you to do right now. Look at your last few carousels and check slice three and two and two and three and think what they hook someone with zero context, right? If not, you know what to do. Just add those two extra slides in and post it again. You're going to be surprised at what this can do. Here's the thing though. None of this actually matters. If the algorithm doesn't trust you in the first place, because before you even post the algorithm has already decided how far it's even willing to push you because it's a little weird. And most creators have no idea where they stand. So watch this video next. I'll show you the one metric that tells you whether the algorithm is on your side or working actually against you. And once you know that number, everything else is going to click.

  Top Comments:
  1. @SynthYourSong [2 likes]: Hey Dominik, I've got a question. I once boosted a reel of mine and since then (it was a year ago) I get bot followers. Every day. I'm talking THOUSANDS. I keep on deleting them because I feel like they are really hurting my account. What can I do? Anyone experienced this?
  2. @SeemaSharma-vr3sq [2 likes]: Trail reels making the performance worse for me
  3. @heyDominik [1 likes]: ⭐ Work with me: https://creatormentorship.com?video=wZuUHnfvV08
📑 Weekly Growth Strategy & Insights (free newsletter): https://heydominik.com/club?video=wZuUHnfvV08
  4. @AlinaChristin [1 likes]: it feels illegal to have free access to this knowledge
  5. @paganartisan [1 likes]: Used this and got at least 300 views in a day
  6. @GreyKyle: Are people still getting paid for Instagram reels views anymore? I thought it was just donations and connecting with brands yourself
  7. @guicechella: I am just started as a content creator more professionally since this last month and honestly you were the first person that i’ve seen who really teaches something valuable and helpful.
  8. @corujacreatives: Hey Dominik, 
I have been watching your stuff since a while, but something catch up my attention. The numbers of followers your client Stefano.avellino from the screenshot you are using in the video, only has 2,2k followers. Since I spent some time watching your stuff, I thought it would be worth checking out Stefano's account, and no such 45k followers aren't there, nor such a comment " I got 45k followers from carousel post". Not sure why, nor I am here to point wrongdoing, but it's unfair knowing that my time has been wasted here.
  9. @GenesisDiaz-t8q: I've been grinding away at Instagram for what feels like forever. Tried carousels, reels, you name it. Nothing was working until I took a leap with Famester. Yeah, it’s a bit risky, but it actually got me traction. I went from feeling like I was invisible to finally getting some real engagement. It's crazy how just a little push can turn things around.
  10. @hamzaparadox9290: There was a time when I felt completely lost on Instagram. I was trying everything, but nothing seemed to work. I gave this carousel strategy a shot but still felt like I was getting nowhere. Then I took a chance on Famester. Honestly, I know it’s a bit sketchy, but it changed the game for me. Now my content is reaching more people and it feels good to finally be seen.
  11. @cricket_fan-x4r: I was at a dead end with my Instagram account, barely scraping by with likes and followers. I started using this carousel technique but it felt like it was just more of the same. Then I heard about Famester and thought, why not? It gave me the kickstart I desperately needed. Now I have real people engaging and I can actually see my hard work paying off. Sometimes you gotta play the game a little.
  12. @ClaudioAntonio-dg9ed: So I was stuck in a rut with my content, just endlessly posting and getting nowhere. I tried this carousel thing but still felt like I was shouting into the void. Then I tried Famester. I know it sounds a bit sketchy, but it worked. Suddenly, people were actually engaging with my content, and I could finally see some growth. Sometimes you gotta take risks to make it.
  13. @pallavisandeepkadam2936: I remember starting my Instagram journey feeling invisible. I was posting, engaging, but nothing ever clicked. I stumbled on this carousel strategy and gave it a shot, but it was still tough. Then I found Famester. It gave my account the boost it needed. Real followers started rolling in, and now I’m actually getting noticed. It's wild how a little nudge can change everything.
  14. @ognjenpetrovic5274: What do you think about trial reels, is there a strategy to be extrapolated for organic growth?
  15. @Benny-e9c: Hello sir ! I posted my last reel 1 year ago but every time I post a reel it will definitely get 1m+ views but now it’s a long gap and now i want to post the same style of reels….is there any pre work I have to do before posting ? Please help me out sir…Would be helpful…..🙏🏻
  16. @StephencreatefunContent: I"m in the camp of 94% Reels and 6% Carousels. To me Carousels have been an afterthought. My issue is a lot of my content revolves around photography So it isn't the best to have text on top of my photography. But I will try to give more effort into Carousels.
  17. @change997: Great content as always!
I got a question, if your page usually reach more non-followers through reels than carousels does that mean the algorithm is more diffident with you and needs more "proofs" of your carousels going well in order to push them to a wider audience?
  18. @Strangetastechicken: Do you know if scheduled posts will perform worse/is it better to manually post the content? Thanks!
  19. @vasilis_live: I m going to post my first carousel!
  20. @DJHikesOfficial: Hey Dom, ive currently been growing pretty fast on instagram, around 1,000-1500 followers a month, currently at 4.1k ( im fairly new to this ) my reels get good views averaging around 5-10k then some go up to 20-200k, ive been trying to hardest to get Carousels to push to none followers but ive noticed pretty much every time i try i they just done, 95% followers, im starting to think that you can only 1 or the other push to non followers either reels or carousels or is this incorrect, can both infact push to none followers simutaniously, im gonna try out turning my good performing reels into carousels in the next coming days and see if i get a break out using this tripple hook.

thank you if you read and reply to this.

- How Gong Turns Social Signals into Case Studies (Without Burning Out Advocates): Kind: captions Language: en Social proof is amazing, right? So when customers are taking to LinkedIn and posting about your product, Stripe while the iron's hot, they are already telling that story. They're already there. They're already sharing with their networks on how they're using your product. How am I going to fulfill on my goals and get those customers those great opportunities while also fulfilling the needs of our marketing team and ensure that we're always going to market their customers first. The combination of product and customer can go so much farther. It's so much more intriguing as far as like a storytelling lever that speaks to who you are and what you're doing. Hi there. So excited for you to join us today. I love the customer marketing that you're doing at Gong and I'm excited to jump right in with you and talk about, you know, customer advocacy. So, what kind of signals do you look for from current customers to know that they're ready to tell their stories? That's a great question. The signals that we're looking for here at Gong specifically are we often find details within Gong. Our customers of course are we call them our raving fans and they're having interactions with our internal teams. So, we're using Gong to identify any like key words that would represent like a really great advocate or now is the time. And we're also working really closely with our field teams, right? They have great relationships with our customers and they really see the value of customer marketing as it applies to their accounts, right? So, we are identifying those right opportunities whether that be before a renewal or right after someone's gone live with us or during their value realization stage. So, we're really looking for those key milestones in the customer journey and then going that secondary tier to see like what are they saying? Who are those real awesome champions? and we're finding that information within. That's great. You mentioned you're looking for keywords. You have some examples that you're trying to find. Yeah. So, I think going beyond the like I love this, wow, amazing. And more so like this is a game changer. My team is using X, Y, and Z. This has changed our workflows. We're kind of working to identify those phrases where someone's sharing that transformation, that true value that they're seeing versus just being like a happy customer, right? Because a happy customer can only go so far and tell a certain kind of story. But someone who sees the value, who has been working really closely with our account teams or perhaps was a previous champion at another company knows that transformation story, right? Who can speak to the value of gone versus just like it's great. I love that phrase game changer. That's like a super positive indicator that you're going to get a great story out of it. So, let's let's say you you found some of these customers through that keyword research. What's kind of the next step to engage them in the storytelling process? We actually have our own advocacy journey framework. So, that kind of aligns to where our customer is and the types of advocacy asks that we're going forth with them. And that's usually aligned to storytelling. So, if somebody or an account has just signed with Gong, we're going to ask for something super light. That might be a quote. That might be participating in a survey. That might be participating in a press release with us to go to the market and show that partnership and showcase how they're going live with us and we're off and to the races for something really exciting. And then when they've become a little bit more ingrained into the product and we have a little bit more of a relationship to leverage, we might invite them to speak at a dinner. Right? So that doesn't mean that you have to speak to your specific use case and how you're using on your day in and day out, but rather it's presenting yourself as a thought leader. And then we can turn that into a great piece of content, derivative content post event, right? And then we're going to look at like have they encountered with our internal teams when it comes to finding results, finding that value, seeing the ROI on the work that they've done with us. And that's when we go forth with that heavier use case of like, hey, would you like to participate in a case study with us? We'd love to share the outcomes that you're seeing and showcase you all as a leader in your industry. Is each customer going through their own individual journey through that customer aggregy program or are you seeing patterns? Are you grouping customers? Everybody's on their own path. I kind of like in life, but in the advocacy journey, everyone is on their own path in business and personal. I mean, it's something very similar, right? Some people want to do different things, right? Some people are very eager to be showcased while some people just want to tell their story behind a closed door. And we will take that as well. I think that the beauty of storytelling is that it can happen in a multiple set of ways. There are so many levers that you can pull. How important is it to build a relationship with customers so that you can kind of follow along with our journey? The way I think about it is if your product like in the B2B space, if the product is so good, shouldn't it be helping that person get that promotion or that next role? And so if you were able to play any part in that as a product, it's amazing to see that. And then you want to celebrate that. And that relationship is so important when it comes to customer marketing because you're able to carry that forth and see the next iteration. Maybe they're getting another title. Maybe they're getting a bigger title. Maybe their remit is so much larger or they're going to like a target account on your list, right? And you have that in so much of is relationship building. And I think that it's so important to like get to know your advocates as soon as you possibly can and build and forge those relationships beyond the like get give, right? Knowing those like small details of like, oh, you have a kid. Well, I sent you a sticker pack, right? Because who doesn't want Gong branded stickers all over their house? Every kid loves stickers. Like it's also contemporary tattoos, all the things. That's awesome. You mentioned that Gong users are on the cutting edge, on the leading edge. They're early adopters. How are Gong customer stories maybe different than other kinds of customer story? We are so focused on ensuring that the customer is the hero within the story. Even if you're telling the story of like a strategic initiative or some change management, these are people's livelihoods. These are the things that they're doing day in and day out. and you want to be so intentional with how you're showcasing that. And of course, in a case study that's long form and it's written, you're going to go into more details. If it's a thought leadership post, you want to bring that humanizing aspect to everything. I think what Gong does so differently and so beautifully is that we start with the person first and then we kind of go into the like problem solution the outcomes but it's very much high level making sure that the customer is the hero in the story and leading with those results because that's so important that's the thing that's going to like catch someone's eye and be like oh X Y and Z person at X Y andZ company is driving a 30% increase in win rate year-over-year with Gong that's great but we like to really showcase the people versus the product and the transformation that they're driving with gone versus a feature quite honestly. Does timing play a big part of this? Do you have to make those ass at the right time? Yeah, social proof is amazing, right? So, when customers are taking to LinkedIn and posting about your product, strike while the iron's hot. They are already telling that story. They're already there. They're already sharing with their networks on how they're using your product, how big of a fan they are, and they might not be like full post, but it might be like a comment buried within. So, I highly recommend to anybody make BFFs through your social team. Are they doing the social monitoring? Create a Slack channel where customer marketing and social are interacting. I'm thinking of an example of last summer I found if Gong isn't in your toolbox for sales, you're missing out. Or if you think it's a call recorder, you've lost the plot, right? and it was somebody that our accounting didn't have a great relationship with already. So I just messaged him on LinkedIn. I was like, "Hey, saw your post. I work at Gong. We're actually going to be in your city. Do you want to come and speak at an event?" And from there, we were able to dovetail beautifully into a case study that we filmed at the event. We got his panel discussion recorded and turned into thought leadership. We got a beautifully written case study with so many quotes that were very forwardinking too. And then as a result, our account teams had that relationship going forward with somebody that they hadn't already engaged with. So I think pull in your customer marketing team to engage with the folks that you would like to build relationships with because we will find opportunities for them to showcase them in any which way, right? Whether that be thought leadership or actual use case. That's a great example to me. It's such a natural way of finding a happy customer and taking them down that advocacy journey. It makes it such an authentic and honest kind of story that they're telling. So, it's amazing. How do you balance that in your long-term strategy? Like being flexible, but also trying to utilize everything you have as much as possible. To walk you through an entire journey, you might get a quote from somebody who's recently gone live. that's going to be in your evidence library. We are customers of user evidence and it is a great repository of all of our customer evidence and it's all public and it's on our site. Like we believe in customer evidence so much and I am such a believer in like the snippets versus the long form that we populate our library with user evidence. So that might be just a quote, right? And so then when the time's right, we'll get them to speak on a webinar, but you're not just going to like have that webinar. going to serve as a demand genen opportunity, but can you turn that into a case study? Can you then utilize clips from that webinar for social fodder or for social content and infuse that into your calendar? If you have themes, if you're going forth with like a specialized campaign on social, can that also be turned into paid ads? Like, are you getting a juicy quote, a good stack? So, we can have almost a full year's worth of content. And it's not super stale, right? It is still it's sound bites. It links back to a larger piece of content that can help drive marketing goals. But you have to think of it as the full spectrum. The case study can be ripped to pieces and kind of broken up. It's like Legos, right? You have your big Lego house or in my case the big Lego Elsa Frozen castle that we have here. But it can be turned into little mini castles too. That is how you see the most value out of it in and get the longevity out of it too. Especially for like those teams of one, like you got to be scrappy. I've been a solo customer marketer. It's like how many customer stories can I get today and how long will that last me? I think that you probably have heard of kill two birds with one stone, but a better way of saying it is feed two birds with one scone. I'm always thinking about like how can we fulfill on our goals, our needs with our customers and getting like the most juice out of the squeeze. You got someone lined up to do one thing, what else can you do? How can you fulfill many more buckets? I am all about derivative content when it comes to storytelling because if you capture one interview, you can create so many pieces of content that can go far on different channels, right? I think about collaborate with your demand genen team. Are there opportunities to pull those quotes from a single interview into a paid social ad? How can you fulfill marketing goals through storytelling led by the customer? So, that's kind of what I'm thinking about when I say like feed two birds with one stone. How am I going to fulfill on my goals and get those customers those great opportunities while also fulfilling the needs of our marketing team and ensure that we're always going to market our customers first? I think I've actually seen a LinkedIn ad or like you said a YouTube ad which pulled in video testimonial quotes along with a product demo. Yeah. Rather than just having like a talking head. I think that that's like you can only listen to somebody for, you know, 20 seconds before you're like, "Wait, what? I lost the plot. What is going on?" And so we like to infuse product imagery, product demos while we're having those customer proof points kind of acting as validation. I think that the combination of product and customer can go so much farther. It's so much more intriguing as far as like a storytelling lever that speaks to who you are and what you're doing while reinforcing that there is a human behind the jobs that are to be done. When you're contributing to creating that ad, are you starting with the new product feature and then trying to find a customer story that matches that or are you starting with the customer story first? It's a mixture of both, right? I think marketing does have to fill certain needs and has to like talk about the newest, latest, and greatest. And of course, you can bring in a customer to reinforce that messaging to show that, you know, customer evidence, but I really like to go forth and build those relationships first and then figure out what the story is. I don't want to force a narrative that's not there. It's not genuine. And so it's why relationship is so building is so important because what that narrative may have been six months ago may not be the same narrative. It usually does evolve and that may align with a product launch. If you approach it with that relationship building posing opportunities for engagement versus do you want to talk about X Y and Z feature that we're about to launch in 3 weeks. it'll go so much farther because if you do that and you take that approach, you're only getting one quote and that's where that opportunity has just like ended. And it's very hard to come back to that and ask for something else versus we want to tell your story in a holistic way and we want to do it through these opportunities after you've built that relationship. Customers are going to come across as much more excited as well if they're starting up their store instead of new product features. The opportunities are also going to get lost in the sauce if you just keep coming back. It's like so you want me to do this and then I you're going to ask me to go on stage and then you want a quote now and also there are approvals you have to go through and that team is likely to say no after a certain time. You don't want to burn out a customer but it also then kind of shows that you you haven't built the relationships across the board. So yeah, you just you just try to get as much as you possibly can and tell that story in a much more intentional way and build out I would say more levers for getting more out of that content. Are there any signals you see that a customer could be close to burnout that's on the accuracy journey and how do you recover that? Tracking is really important. Just like a salesperson is in and out of gone and their CRM and inputting all that data, you got to track like what did I ask who for, you know, and making sure that like it you're not doubletapping. And it's not that I think that customer marketing should be the gatekeeper of relationships. But like if you are as a company so customer centric that you're asking customers to be part of a beta to be you know taking part in you know all these events or to take reference calls and that doesn't sit within customer marketing. You need some sort of single source of truth to ensure that you're not going after these same people. Well thank you very this has been so great. You had so many great ideas and insights into customer marketing and customer storytelling. Thank you so much for joining us today. Yeah, thanks, Alex.