- 5 Stages of Market Sophistication - Eugene Schwartz's Breakthrough Advertising - Dan Lok: Kind: captions Language: en (dramatic music) - Before going into copywriting, let's talk a little bit about what I call the five stages of market sophistication. Five stages of market sophistication. The biggest challenge that most entrepreneurs have is they don't understand the five stages and depends on the product cycle they communicate exactly the same way, regardless of whether it is stage one or stage five. And once you see the distinction, you see that why the typical marketing message doesn't work, because they are not aware of this concept. Now, where did this concept come from? It is a little bit bright here but it's by a copywriter, at the time also I would say was one of the greatest copywriters back then, Eugene Schwartz. He wrote a book called "Breakthrough Advertising" which I believe it's probably, I would say one of my top three marketing books that I have in my library. It's out of print but sometimes you can find it on Amazon for quite expensive, I think I bought mine for like 500 bucks on Amazon auto-print. You might be able to find it but it's quite difficult to find. But it's a classic: "Breakthrough Advertising", "Breakthrough Advertising". Here is the key, you must market your product or service differently, depending on what stage of sophistication your market is currently in. When I'm talking about how sophisticated your market is, I'm talking about how long that type of product or service been around, how many competitors do you have, are your clients, are your customers jaded, have they seen a lot of this marketing message? That's what I mean by how sophisticated your market is. Now here is why it's so important. Because you always wanna aim to be number one or number two in the marketplace. Number one or number Now, does that mean that you have to be the highest quota? Yes or no? - [Audience] No. - Now, does it help to have the highest quota? - [Audience] Yes. - Yes. But it doesn't mean ... In this case I'm talking about perception, more important. Cause perception is reality. Perception is what? Reality - Reality. So, always aim to be number one, number two in the marketplace. You know this, in any category, in any industry, the top one and top two are ... Let's say a real estate agent. The number one and number two real estate agents makes most of the money. Yes? [Audience] Yes. - The number one, number two mortgage broker The top 10% makes 90% of money. And 90% makes 10% of the money. So, with what you do, if it's product, service, doesn't really matter, but think in terms of, it you can't become the number one or number two maybe you could create your own category, so you could be number one or number two. Let me give you an example. Let's say for real estate agent, instead of calling yourself I am the number one realtor in the whole fricking universe or I'm the number one realtor in Vancouver, that's very what? Broad, yes? So, instead of doing that, maybe you can specialize and say, you know, I'm the number one expert, just in this neighborhood. - [Audience] Is it more important to be first or best? Ah, good. Always better to be first or different. Be first has a huge advantage, let me give you an example. How many have ever seen those Cola blind taste test? They say, you know what Coca Cola and then Pepsi and then they blindfold you and then you actually taste it. And they are saying, Pepsi is always pumping this message. Seven out of ten say our coke tastes better than Coca Cola. How many have seen that before? Yeah, it doesn't matter. Pepsi will never be Coca Cola. Because Coca Cola is there first. When you think of Coca Cola you think of coke, you don't think of Pepsi. So instead of competing in that category, there is a company, a small little company you might have heard of, Redbull. They are the first in the energy drink market, that's the first market advantage and they market the hell out of that. And in fact, as you are listening to this, think of Red bull actually goes through this cycle. This five stages of market sophistication and you see, the marketing they did in the beginning, the marketing they did in the beginning was just like "Hey, Red bull gives you ..." - [Audience] Wings. - Yeah, it's an energy drink. And you know that that's the first couple of stages and after a while that's not their focus anymore. Because there are so many more what? Energy drinks in the marketplace. Now, it's more Red bull, you know, what kind of events they sponsor? - [Audience] Sports. - Sports, extreme sports. It's an identity, okay? It's a different type of marketing message. So from stage one, two, three, they have evolved, they have matured, and now Red bull is more attitude. Not so much about give you wings, everybody knows that, there are so many choices out there. Makes sense? So, let me go through this with you. Let me go through this with you. So, stage one is simply say Hey you know what? Hello market, I'm here, I'm here. Be very simple, very direct and just say Hey you know, I'm a mortgage broker, I'm a real estate agent, I'm a webmaster, I'm an accountant. When it's stage one in the marketplace, the marketplace hasn't seen this type of product and service before. You could just say that, there is no need to be lengthy. And since you have very little competition, your innovation is enough to capture the market. Okay? Stage one. Very very simple. It's, hey you know what? I do this, so buy from me. Great, I've been looking for something like that. Simple and direct. Just hello, I'm here in my market. So let's take the weight loss supplement market as an example. Many many years ago, you see these full page ad in print publication and basically, take this pill and you loose weight. That's kind of the message. Take the pill and you loose weight. Stage one, so basically, hey you know what? I've got this pill, take it and you loose weight. How many can see it's pretty simple and direct, yes? Very simple and direct. Then as the market evolves, something in your marketing needs to evolve too. So, you can see that's a computer ad ... That's a computer guys, it's not an iPad, it's a computer ad. Very simple, what's the headline? Read out loud, what's the headline? (audience mumbles) "The first personal computer for under 200 bucks". This is it. Personal computer, 200 bucks. Very simple, very direct. Because back then this is like "Woo". Computer for 200 bucks, that's already a big selling feature. Does that make sense? But that's many years ago, that's many years ago. Okay, stage two is, what is it? What is it? So, if the direct claim is still working, you are saying, you know, this is what we do. You need to outbid your competition with features because now stage two you are getting a little bit more competition. Now you gotta communicate with the marketplace, why is your stuff better? Why is your stuff better? So this requires you to take those original claims and your promise and you want to enlarge them. What do you want to do? Enlarge them. You want to talk a little bit more about ... Not just, hey here's what we have. No but, exactly what is it? So, stage two, what is it? So, here's an example. Again, the weight loss. Take this pill and you loose weight in seven days or less. - [Guest] Would it be possible to pass on the slides? We don't have time to write is all down. - Don't write it all down, it's not meant to be that. Write down, when you are taking notes, it's not a note-taking contest. - [Nathan] That's my job. - That's your job, that's Nathan's job. It's not ... What should you write down? - [Male Guest] Main points. - [Female Guest] Aha points, aha moments. - [Male Guest] What you are saying. - [Male Guest] Action steps. - Action steps. What does it mean for you? How can I apply this? Or you're a writer and you write down just a few paragraphs and you go home and you take action and do very well and make a whole bunch of money, then write it ... It's note-taking Nathan who takes all the notes and posts it on Meetup anyway. Right? So, put up your hand Nathan to everyone else. He takes all the notes. - [Audience] Where is he posting it then? - Under the Meetup, after. - Yeah. - [Female Guest] Ah good good, okay. I can stop writing. (audience laughs) - Now, don't fucking to that either. Don't stop writing but write what it means ... Don't write down, it's not about ... Again, it's not about writing down everything I said, it's what it means for you, does that make sense? Just, how do I apply this? How do I apply this? So, we got take these original claims and promises and enlarge them. So, take this pill and you loose weight in seven days or less. How many can see ... So from stage one, just take this pill and you loose weight and this is enlarge the claim, yes? Hello? - Yeah? Okay. Here is an example, from Apple. Why every kid should have an apple after school. Now, I don't think you can see, it's a little bit blurry, but let me, you know, one apple that won't leave them hungry. The apple, this is two, is easy to set up and learn and it comes complete with almost everything you need to start computing in one box, including a free easy-to-use 4-disk course, it goes into 120k, can you imagine? 120k of internal memory. Everybody to "Whoo". - [Audience] Whoo. - Yes, back then it was a huge deal. 120 internal memory, as powerful as the average office computer, right. A build-in hard drive, it just goes on and on and on about all these things, right. So, back then the stage two. Now, let's talk about stage three. So, stage three now, again the market gets even more sophisticated, now you gotta go into, how does it do it? Not just, here's what we have and why we're better than the competition. Now it's, well exactly how does this thing work? So, consumers at this stage are getting a little bit more skeptical. They are getting what? - [Audience] Skeptical. - A little bit, a little bit more jaded. So, now the market is jaded with all these exaggerated claims, made by the growing group of companies, your competitors, selling pretty much the same thing, pretty much the same thing. So what you need to do, you need to get a new mechanism. A new what? - [Audience] Mechanism. - What does it mean? What does it mean? Get a new mechanism to make the old promise work. What does that mean? Yes. - [Guest] Reframe it somehow? - Yes, so now from just, hey here is what we do, this is why we are different, but let me tell you one piece of information that you might not know about what we do and you tie it back to your claim. Okay, for now just understand, you need a new mechanism. Now so the emphasis shifts from what the product does to how it works. Not just, as a realtor, not just, I sell houses. Everybody does. So, what makes you different. What makes you stand out? So, emphasis from not just what you do, but how does it work? How does it work? So, let me give you an example. Take this pill that blocks the absorption of fat in your intestines and you loose weight I'm now backing up the claim with a mechanism, not just here is the benefit, but let me tell you what make this pill different. Because this pill blocks the absorption of fat in your intestines. That's what makes this different from other pills. - [Audience] Do you mean that they strategically omitted this information in the first stage of marketing? No? - No, cause they don't omit it but at the first stage of marketing, first couple of stages they might not even need it. - [Audience] Oh, I see. - But now, as it gets more competitive, now they need to up the game. They need to up the game. And you loose weight ... How many can see the difference, yes? - That's the difference, okay. - [Female Guest] But, I have a question. - Yes. - [Female Guest] If you are already going to a saturated market, shouldn't you already need to be at that level? - Yes, that's my point. - [Male Guest] So, that will be stage, this will be stage ... - Yeah, that's my point. This is precisely my point. - [Female Guest] So, that becomes stage one. - No, not stage one. It's going into the marketplace ... Let me go through the five stages first, let me go through the five stages first. Okay, so here is introducing the Macintosh. Now, at the time, personal computers are getting more competitive. Look at what Steve Jobs did. "What makes it tick and talk". That's the new mechanism. This fricking thing talks. Wow. That's it. He only need that one thing to differentiate himself from everybody else. And put it right in the what? Headline. The rest of the stuff, yeah, how it works. But bam, it's a computer that talks, man. That's ... - [Male Guest] Are you trying to say you need a headline? Is that something we should be focusing on? - I'll get to that as well, I'll get to that as well. So, now on stage four. Now as it even gets more competitive, now you need to crush your competition. There are so many choices, so many people out there doing similar things of what you're doing. So, now not only you gonna promise more benefits than any other competitor, because there are so many other choices, especially with the Internet. People say now the Internet is making it easier for entrepreneurs to start their business. How many agree with that, by the way? The Internet is making easier. But also, what problem comes with that? - [Audience] Saturation. - Saturation. - [Audience] mass competition. - Yes, massive competition. - [Audience] Gaining visibility. - Yes, getting visibility. - [Audience] Experienced entrepreneurs charging barely anything, just to get customers. - Just get a customer, yes. And also the barrier of entry. So, it's easier to start but I believe it's actually now more difficult to succeed. It takes that much more skill to succeed. And it takes more money to succeed and that's the way it is. And that's the way I like it. Yeah, cause the strong will survive, the weak will go away. So, I like that competitive environment. A new mechanism must be created and must be believable and significant by your market. The key words there, what is it? Believable and significant. What's important for them by your market. So eventually all these tire your market prospects and they've heard it all, competitors start dropping out like flies. People don't last. So again, let's go back to the real estate industry and keep using it but let's use that. People who join real estate, most of them don't stay more than two years. They are dropping out like flies. Dropping out like flies. So, stage four, you wanna crush your competition. Promise more benefit, new mechanism must be created. So, this example from Apple, so then PC this and that, they created ... How many have seen the Apple versus Mac, kind of ... Yeah, they changed the message. Not so much, here's what Apple ... Here's all the features we have, no ... It's, hey you know what, PC guys, no, we are the cool bunch. We are the Mac, Apple people, right? So you see, last year there were more than 114 thousand viruses for PCs, not for Macs. That's at a time. How many can see it's pretty direct? - [Audience] Yeah. - And it's basically saying, these guys suck, we are better. And that's at the time what they did to compete with Microsoft PC. And, it's interesting to see the history of Apple, how have they evolved and why Steve Jobs ... And why I'm such a big fan and what they have done. Such a marketing genius. I don't see Steve Jobs as a computer guy, I see him as a marketing guy. Stage five, now you wanna be iconic. You don't want to be just one, you want to be the one in your marketplace. So, be iconic. The marketplace knows so much about the industry, they will not buy into whatever you have to claim or how hard sell anymore. Nope, they're just so skeptical, no, no. I don't believe you, I don't believe you. I don't believe you. This is where you sell on how your brands service certain types of people and encourage people to buy into the exclusivity. Now you are going into ... So, how many of you use a Mac? Can I see a show? How many of you use PCs? Yeah, so you can see, it's almost half half. You will see it's, both products serve a segment in the marketplace, yes? Mac, what do they do? Who are they serving? - [Audience] Artists, designers. Artists, designers, creatives. Rebels. What? - [Male Guest] Cool people. - Cool people, yes. What about PCs? Who are they serving? - [Audience] Geeks and nerds. - Geeks and nerds. - [Male Guest] Gamers. - Gamers, yes. Corporate, yes. Businesses, right. Microsoft Office, right. You can see, it's very two distinct markets, both are good, both are fine. But I'm just saying, you gotta be clear who you going after. Now, it's exclusivity. Who do you want to be your customer? Who do you actually serve? See, how many can see this shift from feature to identity? This is identity, not just feature. It's identity. This is for who, who is your product for. Remember, when Steve Jobs introduced the iPhone, the first iPhone, it's an iPod, it's a phone, it's the Internet, we were all freaked out. How many have seen that presentation? Yeah, remember that? He was like ... He said it again, it's a phone, it's an iPod, it's the Internet. And people like, Wow. You can have all that on one device? Yeah. That's iconic. Not Mac computer, not faster RAM, not more memory, something totally different. Not just an MP3 player, not just a phone, not just browser, all in one, in this little device. People freaked, right. And the rest is history. The rest will be iconic. Here is another example, again weight loss. It's a very interesting headline. "Super Powell diet pills make comeback. "They are flying off the shelf "but they are not for everyone". Then who is it for? Is it for me? Let me take a look. Why is this flying of the shelf? Why is this selling so well? So, again that is an example of that stage five, iconic. I think this is between, I would say, four and five, maybe 4.5, if that makes sense. That's an example of that. Before I get to that, take three minutes. How long? - [Audience] Three. - Discuss the five stages of sophistication among your table. Three minutes, go. - [Narrator] 10 times your finances, 10 times your business, 10 times your marketing, 10 times your life. Hit the subscribe button now.

- Message-Market Match: The Golden Key [Eugene Schwartz Market Awareness+Roy Furr Copywriting Formula]: Kind: captions Language: en okay i am probably as excited to record this video as any other video that i've put together recently because um on the scale of marketing nerd dumb i'm definitely a 10 out of 10. and when i have a new realization or a new concept that helps me put like marketing and advertising copywriting into perspective and how to connect with the market and how to really nail your message that like gets me super excited and so i hope you know i hope that you see the value in this message the same way that that i got the value out of this message because it combines the eugene schwartz market awareness model that represents the stages of awareness that any market will go through with my own paisa copywriting formula and and it um it just just all together it it creates incredible clarity about how to match your advertising your marketing message to your market's current state of awareness to your target prospects current state of awareness and how to know exactly what to say to that segment of the market to that slice of the market to that particular prospect in order to move them forward from where they are all the way up to the sale so i know that's a big promise but you're gonna see exactly how it works in just a minute and in in my head this is like the golden key to message market match and this is something you probably want to take notes on so we're going to start with the eugene schwartz market awareness model so we have i wrote u-p-s-y-d now this actually comes from um this comes from keith krantz talking about the eugene schwartz model and um coming up with this this great acronym and keith wrote one of the best-selling books on facebook advertising um so so in the eugene schwartz market awareness model your prospect your market moves from moves through these stages of awareness so first they are unaware they're not aware that they did they like have a problem or a challenge that they want to have solved and then they become problem aware they become aware that they have a problem that they want to have solved then they go looking for potential solutions and they become solution aware meaning they recognize that a solution of some kind exists out in the marketplace and it may uh be something that they do it may be products it may be services that maybe there's all sorts of potential solutions but they become aware of like the general category of a solution and then they become you aware as in they become aware of these specific brands specific uh products or services that that may actually solve that problem and then they become deal ready in other words in other words they're they're ready to buy okay they're they're ready to buy so uh a market will move from unaware to problem aware to solution aware to you aware to deal ready and uh and i'll kind of show you this in at least one real example in a minute now your um your message is um using my paisa formula we're going to talk about my paisa formula and how that structures marketing messages and we'll connect the dots here in a minute so first we address and oh well while we're doing paisa p-a-i-s-a so p-a-i-s-a so um it goes first we address the problem we help the prospect define the problem that they have um the the unfulfilled need the unfulfilled desire we we speak to that in their awareness and we bring out the definition of the problem in their awareness and then we agitate the emotional experience of that problem we agitate the emotional experience of the problem then we invalidate other solutions we invalidate other potential solutions that they may be looking at which is going to set a buying criteria to support our solution or sometimes i write solve there but we're going to set up buying criteria um through invalidating other solutions that support our solution we're going to define a general solution here um that aligns with our specific solution and then we're going to ask we're going to make a specific offer for our product or service whatever it is that we have to offer so over here we have eugene schwartz's market awareness spectrum where a market goes from unaware to problem aware to solution aware to you aware to deal ready and over here we have the structure of a selling message a marketing message which states the problem helps the market define the problem helps the prospect define the problem creates emotional agitation around the experience of having that problem be unsolved unresolved invalidates other solutions explains why they're not an ideal fit for the uh for the prospect presents the criteria of what a solution needs to do tying that to our solution and then asks makes an offer to get someone to take action um so here is what i realized yesterday and here's here's the golden key when your market is unaware when your market is at that point of unawareness you have to start your copy with the problem you have to define the problem for them and that takes them to that point of being problem aware and then once they're problem aware you have to show them why it's important to solve that problem through the agitation through the emotional agitation of leaving that problem unsolved then they're going to um then they are going to need a solution they're going to become solution aware like they're going to recognize yes there has to be a solution for this and i need it but then they're going to be considering multiple other solutions in the and so you need to invalidate other solutions you need to explain the um why a solution has to meet certain criteria and maybe why even either what they're doing or doing it themselves or going with competitors is not a good option and then they're going to really start paying attention to you and your solution and so you are going to want to lay out what your solution is and how it overcomes the challenges with other solutions and those solutions being invalid then they're going to get to the point where they're deal ready and so you ask you make an offer now um this i consider this to be the golden key of message to market match and so i want to talk about i want to talk about a an example of a company that's really kind of gone through this entire process um and and that company is salesforce.com and salesforce is an online crm and today pretty much no company in the world would use a a server-based crm that's based on their network however when salesforce started that is what they did they companies would spend hundreds of thousands of dollars on like deploying the crm solution on their internal network so their sales people could all access this customer data and they would have these these complex and expensive solutions but they had it was in a sense it was a very mature market because they all had the problem solved when you had this on-site solution this software solution the problem was solved and so in a sense they were unaware of the problem they were unaware that they actually needed a cloud-based crm solution and so mark binioff the founder of salesforce he went on this campaign and the campaign is is probably uh best represented by a symbol like one of those round international no symbols a round red circle with a slash through it right that said software in the middle so no software so he created a problem with software he said your software your on-site crm software is a problem you just don't know it yet and so he defined this expensive on-site software solution of a crm as as a problem and then he was a then they became problem aware right and so then he was able to explain why it was a problem why is on-site crm software a problem so one of the big ones was cost another one was if your sales team is in multiple locations you add a lot of network complexity to be get them to be able to access the same data um so and and go down the list right you want your sales people to have instant access to that um not not only that like the the the cost was prohibitive to a lot of smaller sales teams so they weren't even uh really able to to fully use crm software but anyways so they went from uh they became problem aware and he agitated it and so they were they became solution aware okay there has to be another there has to be another solution out there um what is that solution going to look like and maybe that solution is okay well we can somehow incorporate this like we can build this on the back end of our website or we can we can do some um some piece together thing and he said no like all of those things are too difficult are more difficult than they need to be and they're not going to get you the ideal outcome that you're looking for which is basically the ability of of you know you have you have a sales person on the road and they have their blackberry and they need to be out be able because that was what it was that was the smartphone at the time um they need to be able to access this or they have their laptop they need to be able to access the customer data before they go to the on-site visit and so on and um so he invalidated other potential approaches and they said oh okay so this is this is interesting so suddenly they're paying attention to to salesforce and they say what what does an ideal solution look like and he says well it's a website that your sales people log into your managers log into everybody logs into you can even connect into it from your from your tech people they can feed data into it and it is this is what a solution needs to look like crms need to move to the cloud which was a new thing then they need to move to websites that are universally available that are based on robust server hardware that um that you actually pay to access on a per seat basis instead of a per installation basis um and and so he defined this new solution and they said oh that sounds good that sounds good how much is it and then they made an offer and they made an offer that was way better way better than the cost of that on-site software for implementing for sales teams and so that was the very first the very first message to market match of but now the market has matured quite a bit so this is a great example of like at that point the market was completely unaware that there was a problem with their crm software and so at that point the the choice was this on-site thing or wait no software okay that's interesting let's go down that rabbit hole okay today that market is very different online crm definitely not unaware uh definitely like not probably they're they're into the solution where are you aware because we all know that there's cloud software now and most of us know what salesforce is i mean there are big like publicly traded company right so most people are aware of and so they have to understand today they have to understand today maybe why other solutions are invalid and why salesforce.com is a superior solution to make them deal ready for an offer and at some point you have a bunch of people a bunch of prospects on your list salesforce has a bunch of prospects in their database who have inquired who are interested and those people aren't even here they're they're at the the deal ready phase and they're ready for an offer and so how does this apply like beyond salesforce.com well in every business you have a mix of you have prospects who are entering the market who are at different stages um and depending on where they are at in terms of market awareness like if they're unaware if you're going after like the great unwashed masses which is the term for like everybody if you want to be able to mail the phone book or or just say you know i want i want to put this ad in front of everybody in this town this city whatever you need to help the people who have the problem define and understand the problem and then your marketing message does need to walk them through problem agitate and validate solution ask so you need to if you are going with the unaware people you need to be uh you need to help them define the problem you need to agitate the experience of the problem to the point that they understand like a solution is necessary you need to invalidate other potential solutions you need to define what the ideal solution looks like and map that over to your product or service and then you need to make an offer and so if you're approaching an unaware market that's what you need to do on the other hand if you are approaching um like a problem aware market you are going to um you are going to acknowledge the problem maybe but you're going to very quickly go into hey this is a problem that you feel like you need to have solved now this is an urgent problem for you so we're going to agitate the experience of the problem we're going to compare uh the the potential solutions out there or the potential but the possibilities the different ways that the problem could be solved you're going to invalidate different options you're going to define the ideal solution and then you are going to ask you're going to make an offer if someone is really solution aware meaning they're like shopping so for example something that somebody might put into a search engine is like this um this software versus this well that person is very much solution aware and so um the most common thing that a that a software company is going to do is they're going to take um they're going to do comparison charts and this software has this this software has this like in and here's why the other software is not as good of a solution as ours this is what our software can do for you and here is our offer um by the time somebody's really like on your list and really engaged with you a prospect in your database like at that point you really are just saying you know here's here's our product here's what it does and always always like even if you're approaching your sales message from this point it is informed by we know the problem that our product solves we know the the agitation of leaving that problem unsolved we know why other solutions are not as valid or as ideal as ours we have a clear definition of what our solution is what it can do for you and we have an offer for you we have an ask and so the other thing is if you are doing sales funnels or if you're doing paid traffic um a lot of times what happens is like an area of of of paid traffic where you're doing retargeting you have people who are down in this space and if you're doing retargeting mostly your messaging for any retargeting is down in this area you're not going to spend nearly as much time on copy that's up in the problem agitate and validate you're if someone has like been to your site they're on your email list they're they're following you on social media and you're just retargeting them right you're going to define your solution and you are going to make an offer right and that's what the that messaging is going to be focused on now if you have if you're targeting people who are maybe competitors in your marketplace then um you're recognizing that those people are solution ready and so you're messaging is going to really pick up at that invalidate step and take them through if you are um finding ways to target people as they are mostly just becoming problem aware you're going to really emphasize like oh this is why you need to solve this problem now and you're going to walk them through that process and again if you're going after like a really really broad market you need to make sure that you are addressing the problem first help helping them define the problem helping them identify okay these symptoms represent this problem and then from that point forward you move them through the paisa formula um so like this is to me this is it's such like a it's both heady and it is both um and it's it's immediately practical it's immediately useful so if you're if you're trying to come up with the different strategies for this is how we do paid traffic this is this is um what segment of the market we're going after this is um this is how we're developing our retargeting campaign this is how we're speaking to our list you know at different points it does actually pay to make sure so for example somebody gets on your list right somebody gets on your email list because they're interested in um in in something that you said that motivates them well probably early on you're going to want to give the hottest prospects the people who are basically deal ready you're going to want to give them an opportunity to respond right away but as you continue to communicate with your market through time you can loop in these different elements to a um to even a warm market to kind of remind them to re-walk them through the the the process of recognizing that they have a problem or a challenge that they're facing that they have a desire that's unfulfilled and that they they want to move through that um and so so you can reintroduce these things but generally like when you when you are first connecting with the prospect when you're first connecting with the market when you're deciding okay what do i say to this particular segment of the market that i'm targeting you're going to use this golden key to message market match based on the eugene schwartz market awareness model with a hat tip to keith transfer defining the upside acronym and then you are going to take my paisa copy formula and you are going to use that to define the particular um approach to the message that the the conversation that you are entering with the prospect and going all the way back to robert collier who was a an incredibly successful copywriter around the time of the great depression he introduced this idea at least as far as i know that our job as advertisers as marketers is to enter the conversation that's already going on in the customer's head and that's this whole idea of message market match is that the conversation going on in their head it could be hey i'm unaware of this challenge um but i recognize okay maybe i'm starting to recognize some symptoms so i need a definition of the problem oh i know that i have this problem that i want to have solved um but yeah maybe it's not worth it yet oh well here's the reason i should solve this sooner rather than later okay i've started to look at solutions uh but i'm not quite sure which one to decide uh well here's why different solutions might be invalid for you like here's how you need to understand solutions in order to figure out what's going to work okay this person seems to know what they're talking about like what can they do for me oh they can help me define the specific solution that i want okay i want that solution well here is the here's the offer here's the product or service that's going to give me that so if you do that well and you do that right your message to market matches is going to be spot on and you are going to find it much easier to uh to convert sales so my name is royfor this has been a video issue of breakthrough marketing secrets and for me personally like the value of this idea is 10 out of 10 like this is these are the breakthroughs that i'm talking about when i talk about breakthrough marketing secrets but i'd like to know for you what kind of value you got out of this so on a scale of one to ten in the comments below leave me a note let me know how much value did you get out of this one to ten and why what were your biggest takeaways action items how is this going to influence your copywriting marketing advertising going forward also make sure you click that like button before you go so you get more content like this delivered to you also so the magical algorithms of the internet know to share this with more people like you who would find value from it if you do have people in your life who would find this valuable colleagues co-workers etc you can send it to them directly share it with them directly i would be incredibly grateful to you for doing that and subscribe if you're not yet following me here certainly follow me here also go to breakthroughmarketingsecrets.com get my daily emails monday through friday covering marketing copywriting business building selling entrepreneurship and more and um and and you'll get these videos you'll sometimes get articles you'll get other special trainings from me um but you'll only get many of those things when you sign up for the email list so the links are in the description below i hope that you've gotten a ton of value here i and yeah i mean my goal is always 10 out of 10 in terms of the value that i'm delivering and i hope that this video has done the same for or or has delivered a level 10 performance for you again my name is roy for this has been a video issue of breakthrough marketing secrets thanks for watching and i look forward to seeing you again in your next video i'll see you soon bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @royfurr [7 likes]: How much value did you get out of this (on a 1-10 scale) and WHY?  What was your biggest takeaway?  How will this influence your marketing going forward?
  2. @maicabookkeepingservices332 [3 likes]: Finally. Someone explained it very good and straight to the point. Thank you🥰
  3. @SzaboWill [1 likes]: 10/10 content. 5 years later. Amazing
  4. @russelldmcclain [1 likes]: I'm literally learning this in my media buyer coaching. Great info.
  5. @jakefrosher: Interesting 🤔
  6. @sodiqololade: This is Gold 🥇
  7. @eslammohsen6654: Woow. Brilliant. 

Thanks, Roy!
  8. @faristhebizman: beautiful explanation man, wish more people dissected it like this
  9. @laxminarayanpatel401: 10/10.

You deserve more
  10. @nzr-dxb: Awesome
  11. @ArthurZudin: Very useful. 10+ . I suppose the segments/stages of awareness should be tested on paid ads messages and the landing page should also be adapted for all these stages. Need to try !
  12. @ywcan: just find your account . you okay brother??.seems you havent posted for a while , legendry value content . i subscribed in to your mail list. joining your course soon . thank you
  13. @einharami1303: Value : 100 out of 10
  14. @TC-yx1qt: You can also go from Agitate to Invalidate to Solution?  Thoughts?
  15. @calroche: 100
  16. @googleruinedyoutubeforever: Amazing.
  17. @USMCJason: Fantastic video Roy. I appreciate you sharing this.
  18. @jerrythefisherman94: 10/10
  19. @skyo93: 100/10 🎉🎉
  20. @sorzy_chazou7167: wow, it is very helpul man thanks a lot

- Master the 5 Stages of Customer Awareness (Eugene Schwartz Framework): Kind: captions Language: en Imagine you're taking a quiet, relaxing walk down the sidewalk. Suddenly, a salesperson jumps right in front of you, waving a coupon for 20% off an ergonomic office chair. Your back feels fine. You're perfectly comfortable right now. Because you aren't in pain, this chair is completely useless to you. The discount doesn't matter. This happens all the time in marketing. Businesses try to push their solutions onto people who haven't even realized they have a problem to solve yet. Back in 1966, a copywriter named Eugene Schwarz mapped out a way to fix this exact timing issue. He called it the five stages of customer awareness. When you figure out which step your audience is standing on, you know exactly what to say to them. You can guide them naturally toward a sale without ever having to jump out and yell at them. Let's see how this works by following an office worker named Booty. Right now, Booty sits slouched at his desk for 8 hours a day. He feels perfectly fine. He is in the first stage, unaware. Because he doesn't feel any pain, you can't sell him a chair. If you try, he'll ignore you. Instead, your only job right now is to educate him. You have to point out a problem that is hiding in plain sight. Let's say Booty is scrolling on his phone and sees a short video showing how bad posture slowly compresses the spine over time. He watches it and he sits up a little straighter. About a week later, Booty's lower back actually starts to ache. He has officially moved into the second stage. Problem aware, he knows something is wrong, but he doesn't know how to fix it. What he needs from you right now is empathy and a little help diagnosing the issue. While he searches for answers, he searches for his symptoms online. He finds a helpful article explaining that his specific type of ache is usually caused by chieftd seating. By giving Booty the information he needed to understand his own pain, you've shown that you understand his situation. You've built a foundation of trust. Now Booty enters the third stage, solution aware. He knows he needs a better chair to fix his back, but he hasn't looked into your specific brand yet. Your goal here is to help him compare his options, making sure your brand makes it onto his short list. You might show him an article comparing flashy gaming chairs to supportive ergonomic chairs. He reads it and realizes the ergonomic option is the clear winner for his health. This brings Booty to stage four, product aare. He knows exactly what you sell, but he is hesitating. He's worried about the price, and he is wondering if your competitor has a better deal. To get past this hesitation, you need to answer those doubts directly. You have to prove that your chair is worth the money. So, you show him videos of real customers talking about how your ergonomic chair fixed their back pain along with a chart showing your 5-year warranty up against the competitor's 1-year warranty. By clearing away his specific worries, you take him from just thinking about the chair to actively wanting to buy it. That brings us to the fifth and final stage, most aware. Booty is convinced. He has his credit card out. He just needs a reason to act today instead of tomorrow. You don't need to educate him about posture anymore. You just need to give him a clear, frictionless, and urgent offer. He sees a targeted ad offering 15% off and free shipping if he orders right now. He clicks the button and makes the purchase. A direct sales pitch like that works perfectly here. It feels entirely natural to the buyer because he was actually ready for it. Most businesses ignore this process, spending all their time fighting over the tiny fraction already in that final most aware stage, but start earlier and you talk to the other 90% still figuring out their problems. Out there, you have almost no competition. By holding their hand from that very first moment of awareness all the way to the final decision, you ensure that when they are finally ready to buy, yours is the only brand they are looking at. So before launching your next marketing campaign, stop and think about who you're talking to. Figure out exactly which step they are standing on. You don't have to force people to want things they don't need. Instead, you just have to find the problems they already have and patiently guide them toward your solution.

- Why People Don’t Buy from You | Breakthrough Advertising by Eugene Scwartz: Kind: captions Language: en have you ever wondered why some ads grab your attention and drive you to take action While others Fade Into the background That's The Power of breakthrough advertising by Eugene Schwarz a Timeless guide that reveals the psychology and strategy behind creating ads that truly connect whether you're a small business owner marketer or entrepreneur these principles will transform the way you approach your messaging one of the most important concept Schwarz introduces is Market sophistication every Market evolves through five stages and understanding where your audience is in this journey is critical stage one your audience doesn't know they have a problem here your job is to educate and introduce the problem stage two they're aware of the problem but haven't seen Solutions yet show them how your product solves it stage three the market is filling up with competitors so you need to emphasize your product's unique benefits stage four customers have heard it all before they're skeptical now you must focus on the unique mechanism behind your product stage five the market is saturated and jaded here proof like testimonials and case studies becomes Essential by tailoring your message to your audience's sophistication your ad becomes a conversation not noise next Schwarz talks about the levels of customer awareness this is about meeting your audience where they are if they're completely unaware you need to grab attention with curiosity and education if they're problem aware show empathy for their struggles and introduce the solution for the the solution aware position your product as the best choice if they're product aware address their objections and build trust and if they're most aware a clear and compelling call to action is all they need Schwarz reminds us that advertising isn't about forcing people to care it's about connecting with where they already are Schwarz emphasizes the importance of the big idea every great ad starts with a single powerful idea that grabs attention and Sparks curiosity but it's the unique mechanism that sets your product apart here's where wordss flips the script you can't create desire instead your job is to channel the desires your audience already has think about it people don't buy products they buy better versions of themselves your ads should show how your product fulfills their desires for health wealth happiness or security for example instead of saying buy this skin care product you say feel confident in your skin again it's all about tapping into their emotions and showing them how your solution helps them achieve what they already want the unique mechanism is the reason why your solution Works something specific and tangible that no one else is offering for example if you're selling a fitness program your big idea might be lose weight without giving up your favorite foods and your unique mechanism could be a specific 10-minute workout proven to burn fat the combination of these two elements creates an irresistible offer and finally Schwarz teaches us about the power of a great headline your headline is the first thing people see and it deter determines whether they'll keep reading or scroll past a great headline grabs attention promises a benefit and creates curiosity for example how I doubled my sales in 30 days or the secret to effortless weight loss these headlines work because they're clear specific and intriguing Schwarz believed the headline is the most important part of your ad and he wasn't wrong so what's the biggest lesson from breakthrough advertising great ads don't just sell they connect they meet the audience where they are tap into their emotions and show them how your product solves their problem if you want to master these principles and take your messaging to the next level breakthrough advertising is a must-read thanks for listening and let me know in the comments Which principle resonated with you the most don't forget to subscribe for more insights to grow your business see you next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @ilkercirika [4 likes]: When I look at the views and likes. I think this is most underrated video on youtube about marketing.
  2. @pedrosierra4962 [2 likes]: How tf does this video only have 700 views
  3. @pedrosierra4962 [2 likes]: I watch this everytime before i start creating ads to get into the flow state
  4. @shopfast20 [1 likes]: Thank you sir
  5. @KurnazTilki-p9i [1 likes]: Great vid, deserve better
  6. @esteticacompleta9928 [1 likes]: Wowww nice video! I love breakthough advertisiing
  7. @jakefrosher: 👌🏽
  8. @jesusgireaud: Wait… this should be a bug or something… 3.5k views??? This is a hidden gem
  9. @realhuytam: fire
  10. @PowerMotivatorKKB: Thank you so much.

Educate and introduce the problem.

God Bless you!

🙏🏻💐😊
  11. @tabatasennadagracalopes5180: Loved your video!!!!! Nice job! Congrats 🎉
  12. @Kencarti2128: I need more like this

- EXPOSED The SHOCKING Truth About Traditional Advertising Techniques: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] book summary breakthrough advertising by Eugene M Schwarz is a seminal work that delves deep into the psychology of advertising and offers a comprehensive guide to creating impactful marketing messages drawing upon his extensive experience in the field Schwarz presents a wealth of insights strategies and principles that marketers can leverage to capture attention resonate with audience es and drive action understanding Market sophistication one of the key Concepts introduced in the book is the five levels of Market sophistication Schwarz explains that markets evolve and consumers become increasingly immune to generic advertising messages successful advertisements must address the specific level of awareness and responsiveness that the market currently exhibits by understanding where a market stands in terms of sophistication Market ERS can tailor their messages effectively the two-step approach Schwarz introduces the two-step approach a foundational principle for crafting compelling advertisements this involves identifying the dominant desire or problem that a product solves and then positioning the product as the solution this technique resonates with consumers on a deep emotional level and drives them to take action tapping into Mass desires the concept of mass desire is another key aspect effect explored in the book Schwarz explains that effective advertising Taps into Universal desires shared by a significant portion of the market by identifying and addressing these Mass desires advertisers can create messages that deeply resonate with consumers and Trigger them to engage with the offer preemptive positioning Schwarz emphasizes the importance of positioning a product in a way that competitors cannot replicate this concept of preemptive positioning ensures that the product stands out in the market making it the obvious choice for consumers this positioning creates a sense of exclusivity and urgency that encourages immediate action testing and optimization the book underscores the significance of research testing and refinement in advertising campaigns Schwarz provides practical guidance on conducting thorough customer research split testing different advertisements and using real world results to optimize marketing strategies for Maximum Impact psychology of pricing headlines and storytelling Schwarz explores various aspects of advertising psychology including the impact of pricing strategies the role of attention grabbing headlines and the power of Storytelling in making marketing messages memorable and relatable these elements contribute to the overall effectiveness of an advertising campaign throughout the book Schwarz supports his insights with real world EX examples case studies and anecdotes his experience-driven approach provides readers with actionable strategies that can be applied across various Industries and contexts in conclusion breakthrough advertising offers a comprehensive exploration of advertising psychology and strategies for creating compelling marketing messages Eugene M schwarz's expertise shines through as he guides marketers through the complexities of understanding consumer Behavior addressing Market sophistication and crafting messages that drive results

- Use ChatGPT for Differentiated Messaging with Eugene Schwartz’s Awareness Framework: Kind: captions Language: en Here we are at the first framework that refers to the five levels of awareness. Even before you craft a message or start creating content, you need to have context of where exactly this message will be delivered. I mean, if you don't know who you're sending it to and their level of temperament, then how do you know what exactly you have to write and send it across, right? Many of you would have already been acquainted with this. But let me quickly run over it. This framework was created by Eugene Schwarz and it's also mentioned in one of his famous books. He he mentions that there are five levels of customer awareness. The first one is being completely unaware. The second one is being problem aware. The third one is solution aware and then product aware and most aware. Let's take a look at what exactly that means. If you look at the purchase cycle, you know, a person is aware of your product and then they would consider purchasing it, understand the price point, so on so forth, logistics and all that and then make a decision. But even within that buying cycle, there are stages which a person walks through. Now, not necessarily all your target audience and customers are sitting in the unaware segment and they move all the way to the most aware segment. You could catch them somewhere in the middle too. So the unaware and problem aware customers are typically in the awareness stage of the buying cycle where they're trying to figure out things, you know, um they're trying to deep dive into the problem. But when it comes to consideration, you see that people are already solution aware and they know a little bit of your product or completely about your product. They they are evaluating different solutions and the possibilities available out there in the market. When they come to the decision stage, they are most aware. But wait a minute, what has this got to do with content? Is that the question running in your mind? We've have had enough gan, so what's the big deal about it? And here we go. When a person is in the unaware stage, they don't even know that the problem exists. They're probably in a very comfortable situation or they may be in a completely denial mode saying that, "Yeah, some people whine about it, but it's not a problem to me." So what is exactly the kind of content that will ignite them? These are stories, the secrets that you surround you and a little bit of infotainment that'll really excite the people living in the unaware stage. But as you progress to the problem aware, you see people who h have, you know, a lot of fears. They're aware about the problem but they're really worried about how they cross over that section and so they come with a lot of fears, objections and they need remed remedies. They're looking for solutions. What would be the benefits of solving the problem and so on so forth. But as you progress to the solution aware and the product aware segments, that's where you slowly start introducing the features of your product and you start showing a little bit of proof of how your product has worked for others. But when it comes to the most aware section, they know about your product. They know how exactly they're going to solve. And that's where you talk about, you know, the benefits specifically of how your product will help that particular business or that person. You will still be wondering what is the content that goes in each of these stages? How do I attract people at each of these stages? Okay, so I have an answer for that, too. When you're talking to people in an unaware stage, you will have to slowly target their beliefs, the mindsets, and what really works there are your social media posts, your personal stories in some format. And as you progress, you'll have to talk about benefits, analogies, help them relate to something, you know, and provide hope, provide success stories, and these could be delivered in the form of free email courses because they're a little curious about how exactly can this problem be solved. And that's where you are willing, they're willing to provide more information and that's where you'll be able to capture their email ids or a little bit more data about them. Right? And here is a section where you start using formats like free email courses, lead magnets and newsletters. When you progress to the solution aware area, you build a lot of content around how it works blogs, your product free tiles, feature benefit comparisons, and provide a sneak peek or live working session on how exactly the product was used. These kind of formats really work for people who are in solution aware. That means they're coming closer, they're getting closer to make a decision and you know really evaluate your price point. Then when the person is product aware, that's when you say, "Hey, you know what? Our product already works." Provide case studies, testimonials, and help them with what happens when they on board, when they start using your product. what are the outcomes that they can see the the impact that they see in their life. Most aware is where you start selling your personalized promo coupon codes, interesting offers and also help them upgrade slowly to other product flavors. And we are at the prompt time. Here's the first prompt. What do you understand of five levels of awareness by Eugene Schwar? Why do you have to even give this prompt to Chad GPD? Probably it already knows about five levels of awareness. If I have to go back to the fundamentals, let me remind you it's all about context building. No matter how smart and intelligent any of these Genai tools are, you will have to set the context before you bombard them with a lot of questions and then slowly progress to the next prompt. This is where your content generation starts and you give them the available information that you have generated in the input segment and start asking you to create content based on that. A lot of you may think why do we even need to generate content for those in the unaware segment. Let me give you an example. If you're going on the road and you're going to hit a jewelry store, you will see that 1 kilometer on the midway track, a lot of ads keep popping onto your face as you drive through that road. This happens also with restaurants. Why? because they want you to think of their restaurant or jewelry store as a landmark. Whenever you cross through that road, you will always remember that particular shop or store as a landmark. If you want your brands to be a landmark in the mind space of your customers, then you have to target the unaware. And you can ask Genai tools to start providing counterarguments and messages for those who are in the denial stage, right? And figure out how exactly you can create content for people in this level of the buying journey. So here I'm back in the context window of my problem mention while creating speed poster. I tweaked it a bit like always. Um and here it is. It is acknowledged that it understands the five levels of awareness and it's helping you figure out how to apply speed booster in different stages. So this has already set the context. Now I'm going to paste the next prompt here. I have pasted the next prompt here. And if you see uh let me scroll through this a little slower. There's unaware stage, problem stage. um solution aware stage, product aware stage and most aware stage and it has created one of each kind content type because I did not mention what exactly what is the exact type of content type that I needed to create an instage. You could do that. You could tweak this a little bit and say create social media posts for each stage, create blog post for each stage, create infographics for each stage. And it's only going to give you in that content format. Why should you know what content format? Because you may not have the bandwidth and resource to create all the content formats available under the sun. So you may want to mention specifically which content format you want to go ahead with. Now the next prompt and I'm mentioning the reasons here. You can add more reasons here. There's no stipulated list to it. But let's see what it's going to create. I'm asking is it to create a counter argument so that I can create content that supports my argument and addresses it with people who are coming from an unknown zone. And here it is. It's also providing you with a messaging strategy asking you to highlight statistics and case studies that demonstrate for people in denial. And then uh here again for complacency emphasize on potential for growth and competitive advantage. So, so for every reason of an awareness there is a counterargument and messaging strategy that it has provided and based on this you can develop your content um pieces in different content formats that you are comfortable with.

- Case Study: Driving 8 Million Views for Schwartz Performance: Kind: captions Language: en Hey guys, Ryan here with BuiltRight Marketing and I want to do a brief case study and overview of one of our clients, Schwarz [music] Performance. Now, Schwarz builds custom G machine chassis for restood muscle car builds. They also custom build in-house these beautiful iconic muscle cars themselves. So, two-part offer. They sell the chassis if you need to build [music] it yourself or they'll build you your dream car such as this. Now, when they came to us, they had a very specific need. Their social media was really not working for them. They had a agency out of Texas [music] that was just posting photos. There wasn't a lot of thought put into it. They were kind of just repurposing and repackaging photos, not getting a lot of engagement. What we did was really reverse engineer what they needed. They needed the expert, Jeff himself, to talk highle about what they're doing. If you want results for your company, you have to simplify it down to the the most basic thing. What are your customers looking for? They're looking for information about your product. They want to know who you are, where you are, what you do, and how you can help them. It's really that simple. From there, it's basically systematizing how you create the content. Every time that we visit them or we instruct them on how to do this content, it's basically this. Start with a visual hook, a car, an engine, the car like this. Start with something that's visually appealing and something that entices the person to watch even further. From there, it's really repeating the process. Many of these videos have gotten millions of views uh over the past year. It's gotten about 8 million or so views on Meta and we're closing in on a million views for them on YouTube. And this is leading to sales. This is leading to real sales. Matter of fact, we we closed a deal on a chassis, a $28,000 custom chassis off this reel that was posted last week. My reason in saying this is that you really want it to be simplified, systematized. You don't have to over complicate it. You don't need a camera crew. You don't need any of this stuff. What you need is a cell phone, a a small DJI mic that you can put on on the person. And you need to just get out there and start posting content that's relevant to your viewers. What are they looking for? They're looking for exhaust. They're looking for chassis. They're looking for an engine build. They're looking for someone to solve their problem. And if you can do that weekly, episodically, systematically, you're going to get more business. We were able to grow their following on Instagram by more than double and on Facebook quite a lot more. It was uh they started with around 15,000. We've gotten this up to 44,000. And these posts are just hitting. Now, not everyone goes viral, but the ones that hit really do. You see here, 46,000 uh 46,000 views here on Facebook, and this sold the chassis. Organic post took about 5 minutes to make, 5 minutes to edit, 5 minutes to post, and it made $28,000. Just think about that return on investment of time. As you can see, too, we we'll do some uh nice catalog of photos there. But really, the main thing is just having simple to create, simple to digest, simple to understand content. doesn't have to be over over complicated. Just a cell phone moving in and out talking about what it is that you do. I don't care what industry you're in. You're a landscaper, you're a plumber, you're you're an HVAC guy, you're a a solar contractor, or you sell custom cars. The formula is the same. You need to get out there. You need to get on camera. You need to speak with authority, with with intention, and just tell the world. Tell people what you're doing. No need to over complicate it. Again, this is producing great results, several hundred,000 a year. I I don't have the exact numbers on the the amount of money that has been made from from these alone, but it's in the hundreds of thousands of dollars annually that are being generated just from organic. This is not even just from paid traffic, but it just goes to show what can happen when you dial in your strategy. I'm going to share some more specific data in this case study section here. You can see some of the analytics on the back end of meta. Real quick, I want to show you what's happening on YouTube. So, previously another agency was handling their content and really it was doing one long- form video per month. And you can see the viewership here is very sporadic and low. I mean, often lower than 100, not really breaking 200 views a day. And these videos are great. The long form videos are absolutely great, but they're just not getting that level of viewership. You can see this is where we turned on really the content and marketing machine. And in the past 90 days, really the past uh 30 days, we've gotten almost a million new views, almost 1,500 subscribers. And before the year's end, this will likely surpass this will surpass a million views total. Again, this is leading to more viewership, more discoverability online, more brand authority, more brand awareness. People are reaching out because of this and they're selling more. They're selling more. I don't care what industry you're in. There's virtually no downside to systematizing what it is that you do, creating a strategy, a content, putting it out there across all the platforms. You give it enough time, you give it enough intention and attention, it will bear fruit [music] for you. It is a worthwhile investment, but you have to do it with a system in place. And that's exactly [music] what we've built here.

- Jon Kleinberg | The challenge of understanding what users want: Kind: captions Language: en hi everyone uh first of all I would like to thank each and every one of you for being here with us today good good afternoon and for those of you who don't know me I'm Nisar sha I am an associate professor in the department of computer science here at the University of Toronto and I'm also a research lead at the Schwarz Reedman institute for technology and Society uh so before we begin today's session I would like to take a m moment to acknowledge the land on which the University of Toronto operates for thousands of years Toronto has been the traditional land of the uron vat the Sena and the Mrs sagas of the credit today this meeting uh place is still home to many indigenous peoples uh from across the Turtle Island uh who are uh and we are very grateful to have the opportunity to live and work on this land while some of you may be joining from different places today we invite you to reflect on the history and the relations of the land that you are on okay a few Logistics uh this session is being recorded Our Guest uh John kleinberg will speak for about 50 minutes and this will be followed by a question and answer period that said if you have some questions throughout the uh throughout the seminar please feel free to post them on chat and during the Q&A we encourage all the participants to use the raise hand function in the zoom meeting controls to ask a question so without further Ado let me introduce today's Speaker John kleinberg John heberg is the Tish University professor in the department of computer science and in the department of information science at Cornell University his research focuses on the interaction of algorithms and networks the roles they play in the large scale so social and information systems and their broader societal implications John is the author of the widely popular textbooks algorithm design and network crowds and markets actually have both of them right here uh and he's a member of the US national academies of Sciences and Engineering uh and also serves on the uh the US national AI advisory committee he has received a variety of awards Mac Aur peckard Simon slan vanever Bush uh uh research fellowships as well as other Awards such as Nan Lina prize the alen Newell award and the ACM prize in Computing and this by the way doesn't even exhaust the list of all the awards that John has received which for which the list is very long so without further Ado John the floor is all yours okay thanks thanks very much uh yeah thanks very much for the invitation to to speak in the series I think it's I think it it's a wonderful really uh to to have these kind of interdisiplinary activities that bring people together with different perspectives because it certainly is very clear I think to all of us that these these issues in Computing have reached you know far beyond their technological underpinnings and are really going to require the perspectives of a lot of different disciplines um so let me uh let me get to what I'm planning to focus on today and hopefully everyone can see this um so I'm I'm gonna talk about in I mean in the constellation of uh hard questions to think about in this space of digital technology the online world and its broader societal implications you know I think one that a broad category of questions really has been the ways in which algorithms make decisions about people the way in which they evaluate people and I want to sort of start with some broader framing of that and then sort of funnel my way down to the particular large domain in which my co-authors Cel molthan Manish ragavan and I were thinking about algorithms making decisions about people in this particular context which was uh on large so social media platforms let me actually start with you know large social media platforms we all sort of know the experience of having algorithms make decisions about us and for us on these platforms forms right so this is a screenshot from a Netflix help page that talks a little bit about how what goes into their recommendations you know and how based on you know the history of what you've watched uh it might predict you know the number of stars that you're going to assign to a particular movie and you know you can think about the sort of schematic there is that there's some stylized representation that it has a you right some simplified set of features it doesn't really reflect your true full set of tastes or your full set of interests but based on those features you know it get passed through some algorithm model that makes a prediction right with high low probability that you're going to like like this movie right a similar thing obviously happens in say uh social media feed right like as you're scrolling through the feed it's looking at past history of the things that you've clicked through on even just the things that you spent more time on in the viewport of your phone and it's actually dynamically ordering things to show you next so again again an algorithm taking a feature representation of you and trying to do something based on that now one of the big developments in the last 10 to 12 years uh really has been the way in which people have embraced the idea that if this is effective in the online world right if we're able to make these predictions about people we should think about what this might mean in the offline world because there are lots of situations in the offline world where people you know enter some stylized representation of themselves into some form or some you know online website and you know a decision maker be it human or algorithmic makes decisions about them right I mean in some sense you know your resume when you apply for a job looks like this you have some complicated set of work and life experiences it gets reduced to this tabular form in this resume and then you know either a human hiring committee or maybe a human hiring committee with some algorithmic assistance is triaging and filtering these rums they're evaluating them with some objective function in mind actually it's of course hard to say exactly what the objective function is and we'll come back to the challenge of figuring out like what actually is being optimized for in any of these platforms right what was being optimized for by Netflix or by um Instagram or in this case by by hiring committee or for that matter by say people doing college applications right the college application process looks similar this is the portal to Cornell's college application where at some point this tabular representation of you is going to be evaluated by either a group of humans a group of humans assisted by algorithms and so forth right and that's kind of the pipeline that we see in a lot of these a lot of these domains right that um you know basically algorithms that take individuals ma to features and they make predictions on them right they they they act on something uh they act the predictions they make and there are broad categories here I'm going to mainly be focused in this work on on the second category but just to sort of you know talk about this you know this two hemispheres of work that have really been going on one is what people might call high stakes applications right where this has migrated to the offline world to do things like on the previous two slides to for example assist with hiring decisions or in some cases even make part of the hiring decision to assist with education Admissions and of course a long history of doing this in in credit for example to predict whether someone will repay Alan um a relatively long history of this in you know much more challenging uh much more difficult context like the criminal justice system where the law in all 50 states of the US for example instruct a judge at a pre-trial detention hearing after someone's been arrested to make a prediction about whether they believe that this person will return for their court appearance uh without committing a crime in the meantime obviously a lot of use of AI in medicine another high stakes application where again we have the same pipeline of individuals maap to Features m to a decision making ju opposed against this are what you might call sort of the high volume applications of of the online world right uh the kinds of things I showed on the first two slides whether you'll engage with specific pie of content right whether a platform should recommend a news article whether it should recommend you know a movie or video to you meta tasks on those kind of sites right whether your post should be flagged as misinformation or hate speech whether your account should be flagged as being engaging in suspicious robot-like Behavior I there's a sort of Distinction right these this this first block of things are often called high stakes uh which really means I guess individually high stakes right you know if you apply for a job you apply to college you know that one decision there's somebody to whom that one decision matters a lot now in contrast you know whether you got shown this particular news article or this particular video is really less important it's okay that you never saw this news article or you saw some inappropriate news article or weird news article you know if it happened one time again so here it's the volume that really registers right the volume of these any one of them doesn't matter I take a 100 billion of those decisions over the few months leading up to something consequential like an election in the country and you get something that is high stakes like the formation of public opinion and its impact on the political process right so these two things are happening and they're happening at different granularities right in one individual discreet decisions making huge effects on people's lives and the other just a sort of BL blizard of billions of small decisions that add up to something consequential and it's this second branch of the tree that I want to sort of have be the focus here today these high volume online applications because in a way as work began sort of uh accelerating over the past you know eight nine years on this first category of things you know the use of algorithms in employment and education and and the Health Care system and and these other domains there was a a sort of mystery surrounding like what is going on with the decisions being you know how do we think about the impact of decisions being made on social media platforms obviously a huge amount of work goes into those those decisions um but how do we think about the effect it has on the end user you know on you know the sort of you know the societal or the behavioral consequences of of of those things okay so if I want to think about that um and this is sort of you know where my co-authors Cel Nish and I began um you sort of want to actually go back to what is the effect of media right this is really a broader question what is the effect of media on people right and that's not a question that began with social media it's not a question that began with the internet it reaches back a long way some of the most influential work in that space was really done in the middle of the 20th century by sort of giants in the sort of Sociology of mass communication people like ELO cats and Paul lefeld who in the middle of the 20th century um we're studying you know much as we are today the effect of disruptive technological change on the political process in their case the disruptive technological change was things like radio and television not the internet but it's interesting to really look at the similarities in in how they you know in how they thought about these things and how we might think about them them now and you know so you know like one of the sort of you know canonical you know lines from one of their books on this is that you know when they looked at things like radio and even further back to print media that those things had potentially negligible effects on the actual vote decisions when people were asked what had contributed to their decision their answer was other people in other words even in you know the 1950s the point was already being made that you know essentially all media is social media okay and I often think about this because you know it's easy to sort of forget how much media really is inherently social like whatever form it takes and occasionally I see things and I screenshot them just to kind of like remind myself how effortlessly our brains map the social terrain of the media that we're consuming like we do it without even thinking about it right like we we see a headline like this from a Blog that I somehow accidentally ended up on in Spring of 2016 called the peoples view. which I've never seen before or since um and this was during the you know the contentious 2016 US presidential primary season in which uh the question was um uh who was going to be uh nominated as the as a Democrat nominee for the Democratic Party in the US um and at the time Rolling Stone magazine he wi the red magazine us endorsed Hillary Clinton and Matt taibe a writer who has sometimes written for Rolling Stone was unhappy with this endorsement and apparently there was a millennial who had a sort of brilliant response to mat's unhappiness with this endorsement which the people's view. net is going to tell us about and so you know we read this brilliant response from Millennial to mat's displeasure and what you forget is like how quickly you mapped out the whole cast of character like this one sentence has at least five distinct entities in it all bundled into this one short little sentence right because this is not a story about Hillary Clinton or even about Rolling Stones endorsement Hillary Clinton it's sort of about Matt Ty's displeasure about that endorsement but it's really about the millennial who had the brilliant response to it right it's this entire diagram so that and of course you're not hearing from the millennial you're reading the peoples view. net which is now by now five steps removed from the actual primary source which was Hillary Clinton running for president right and so this the social terrain of that almost every sentence you read there's an imp an implied social network going on here I mean obviously if we want to be pedantic you're not actually reading the people's view. net you're listening to me give a talk in which I recount my experience of reading the people's view. net and so we like all this all media is social media but then we come back to a question that we have to figure out if all media is social media then when we talk about modern social media what actually is distinctive about it like what distinguishes it and I think the argument we would make is that what's distinctive is actually that it is algorithmic Media right that what you're seeing is computation mediated in real time by algorithms that are engaged in a feedback loop based on your behavior right because no matter how like no matter how engaged the editing of a print newspaper was or the programming of a TV news station is it simply can't react you know historically it never was able to react in anything near real time to what people are doing right it never had the hyper personalization it never had the real-time feedback loops that we get now with modern social media right I'm not telling you anything you don't know but it's useful to reflect on just how many orders of magnitude faster the feedback is now uh than it would have been with even the most sort of active TV or radio programming and so therefore it's sort of incumbent on us to think about not just how do these algorithms operate but the feedback loops that they operate in right because perpetually the problem in these online systems is that the algorithm is responding to data that you you know that it acquired because you clicked on things that were recommended by the algorithm that was acting on the data that it acquired because you clicked through things and there's sort of this this feedback loop that goes on okay so what are the kinds of things that we might want to ask about these feedback loops and one of course is just the growing concerns that algorithmic amplification is exacerbating conflict um now there are many things that we might mean by conflict and I want to talk about sort of one broad category and again in this sort of repeated funneling down to the eventual topic of my talk let me again talk about something that actually is a bit to the side of what I actually wanted to focus on um there are lots of ways in which conflict are arising online and social media right and I don't need to sort of recount these to all of you but you know the ways in which you know platforms have been um you know analyzed for the possibility of creating increased polarization and the empirical debate that continues to to go on there right uh the sort of obviously Undisputed fact that there there a wash and different forms of misinformation the again empirically challenging and you know partially contested question about you know are there are recommendation Pathways leading to radicalization and then of course the potential for these sites to actually be you know the recipient of targeted targeted interventions right we actually need to think about computer secur know computer security concerns right we need to almost think about social media partly through the lens of security and think about how adversaries might might Target it okay and all these you know and these are questions that I've you know I've definitely been uh found very interesting over many years but actually I want to talk about a different thing which will be the actual focus of what uh what I'm going to talk about here which is social media does not just create conflicts between people it's also actually creating conflicts within each of us um and so what do I mean by conflicts within the each of us right these not just interpersonal but intrapersonal conflict well in a way we also kind of intuitively understand this right the fact that during the co pandemic we had to coin term called Doom scrolling right in which you just kept paging through social media watching all the different ways in which you know the situation going on was terrible and in which you know you were personally at risk the not of Doom scrolling somehow meant that part of you couldn't stop reading this terrible news and part of you wanted to sort of put the phone away not look at this you know and sort of not have to deal with the the stress that you know that you know that comes from that right the the fact that people joke online about being professional internet quitters right that they will help you you know quit social media which you are concerned you're spending less time on you know and the fact that you can get like completely ingenuous you know ingenuous questions asked completely earnestly how do I spend less time on YouTube when the answer at one level feels like it should be obvious how to spend less time on YouTube suggest that these are actually really difficult questions right that this is not you know this is not as easy as it looks and so this too is been um an area that's now had a growing amount of work around it right the way in which people spend time on these platforms that they later regret right the way which people go onto a platform intending to do one thing and end up doing something else that was sort of not what they wanted and that actually does not necessarily make them happy okay that's the general framing of these questions right it suggests that actually and this is I I think sort of the challenge that there really are sort of there's really a conflict going on within you right I could draw a second diagram right as viewed from the perspective of the you know professional internet quitter who has advice for you that you know when you think about some platform like Facebook you really do have two inconsistent and conflicting sets of preference going on right there's a part of you that wants to keep using Facebook that wants to keep scrolling through your feed there's a part of you would like to override that and just leave and not anymore because you believe it's not actually making you happy and our Point here is not that one of these is your true set of preferences and the other is some kind of like contamination of those preferences rather it's actually that both of these are your preferences it's simply that you know there's no reason to believe that you only have one set of preferences you have multiple sets of preferences and they're sort of at war with each other now so again this is a case where this you know our team of three authors here Cel Manish and I were're sort of inter disciplinary in our own way since um man Ragan and I come from Computer Science Central M nothing comes from Behavioral Sciences and behavioral economics I think you know to those of us who design platforms and put them out there you know we sort of think of the user as someone who has things they want to do and they use the platform as a tool to accomplish them to a behavioral scientist this notion that you actually have inconsistent conflicting preferences going on simultaneously is actually relatively familiar to them right and so as a kind of like foundation for a lot of this work it was very useful to get sort of sendal experience working with you know products Services activities where there's a kind of like self-control problem right one way I think about it is in s but this distinction between you know want and should there are the things you want to do and there's things some other part you believes you should do right it's very easy to sum up in pictures right there's the thing you want the thing that you should do right if this were an in-person seminar series then perhaps after the talk you know there might be a reception and at that reception there might be snack food and healthy food and you might stand in front of that array of food as we do it many in-person talks and their receptions afterwards and you know part of you says I really should have you know I should take take salad from this bowl of salad but part of you really just wants to have the chips right that's you know that sums up the conflict right and part of what we want to do is think about how does models that were designed to address things like chips and salad apply to things like scrolling or leaving a social media platform and of course if we want to sort of work our way from you know the chips and the salad towards social media there are various way points you know on the root that actually can help us sort of by analogy so for example um people have not just thought about self-control problems in the context of food consumption they also think about it closer to our interest in uh the area of media consumption right perhaps you are flying on a plane and you know it's two hours before you land and you're thinking you know you're going to watch a movie and you know part of you thinks what I really should do is watch this fascinating documentary about about the font helvetica because you know then I'll know a lot of interesting things about fonts and I'll be able to have you know engage in fascinating conversations with people out this but part of you wants to watch the Marvel superhero movie right and again it's the same conflict between want and should right and I think the creators of the helvetica documentary which I actually recommend it's a it's a fun documentary I think that they kind of understand which side of the spectrum they're on because if you read the little ad it actually says start watching with your public library card or University login as though they somehow deep down suspect that the only people watching this have either a public library card or University login so this conflict between want and should now these aren't just metaphorical contra right these are actually cases where people have done empirical work on you know do we actually see this conflict manifesting itself in data and one way it manifests itself in data is at the level of time scales right the empirical evidence is that we tend to think of want goods in the immediate term and we think about sort of things that we should do over the longer time scale in which we're able to plan right so want acts in the moment and should acts on a kind of time Horizon that involves planning some examples of this in the Food domain and this is behavioral Economics work from this uh this Trio of Behavioral economists um uh Katie milman childd Rogers Max bman um in the Food domain they looked for example at data from online grocery orders right and you could do a manual classification of food by you know want or should and you know and found actually this empirical regularity that uh online grocery orders that are you know even controlling for things like spoilage and freshness contain more should items when their place be received further in the future right so you know three days from now you're convinced that you're going to want to eat healthy and have salad right now of course you want chips but three days from now definitely salid similarly in the world of media consumption um right before Netflix was a streaming company if we go back 15 years ago 2009 uh Netflix was a mail order DVD company some of you are old enough to remember this some of you may not be and so you would actually like you know go online and you would ask for DVDs to and they would arrive in the actual postal system and you would play them and they looked at that you know now that was a kind of a should activity right like because a mail order version of Netflix and a streaming version of Netflix is almost like a made to order behavioral experiment because you know again three three days from now you're convinced you're going to want to watch the educational documentary right now of course you want to stream the superhero movie but later definitely the documentary and so they actually looked at these kind of like inversions that happened as the time scale changed and actually this was an experiment that Netflix intentionally ran on itself because it was unavoidable that you know by 2009 2010 you know the way to scale Netflix is not going to be to just send even more and more DVDs through the mail it's going to have to actually stream these movies over the internet and in some sense the whole nature of preferences on the site changed all the data they had collected all of the behavioral the data driven insights they had about preferences all shifted dramatically when they moved to a streaming world and it was interesting because because 2009 was also you know 2008 2009 was the the period of the Netflix prize competition in which they challenged the machine Learning Community you know with anonymized data to improve Netflix recommendations and what actually transpired is they actually ended up getting to use relatively few of the actual concrete models I mean the methodology was certainly fine but the models that came out of this were all trained on data from the mail order world right as Netflix was shifting over to the streaming world and just preferences behave differently in the streaming world it's a shorter time scale want dominates more than should in that in that streaming World okay so let's think about what this means so we want to think about you know this for social media platforms and in particular we want to think about what a model would look like of user behavior in a world of want and should right and we might want to do this for a few reasons right one is because we want to build models of the social world and reason about them and the other is that in some sense this is the language that platform algorithms speak right platform algorithms speak in the language of user models and so if we want to think about how might we change platform algorithms then we have to think about how we change the language of user models okay so obviously these are sort of core to what every large platform is doing right the basic question that they're constantly answering is what do users want right Netflix is doing this and Instagram is doing this when put things in its feed Google's doing this when it puts things in it search results Amazon is doing this when it puts things in its product result page right all of these things are being modulated by algorithms trying to figure out what you want to see at this moment and the fundamental principle on underlying us modeling sort of so basic it almost doesn't even get stated as an assumption is the Assumption of revealed preference right the real preference assumption from you know sort of mid 20th century economics is that people choose what they want and therefore Choice should reveal preference if I have a bunch of choice data then I should be able to infer preference information okay and I mean I certainly have you know been a major user of the reveal preference assumption in my own works and certainly anytime any of us writes a paper that says these platforms collect vast amounts of data at this incredibly fine grain scale never before we've been able to observe human behavior at this granularity think of the things we can learn about the social world and the behavioral World from this all of that is correct but there's an interpretation problem that we need to deal with which is what we're seeing is choices we you're not actually seeing the mental state and so we Face an inversion problem of inverting a hidden mental state from behavioral data right and the story about want and should you know sort of makes clear what you know why that's hard right how do we invert preferences from Choice when users have internal conflicts right and this story that my co-author centel likes to talk about is you know you're at a party and there's a bowl of chips and you you know you're staying next to bowl of chips mindlessly eating and you finish the entire bowl of chips and the host comes by and sees the empty bowl of chips now we're at this kind of fork in the road right part of you you know would like you know is hoping the host refills the bowl and brings it back out and part of you would like the host to bring the bowl of chips back to the kitchen and not bring it out again right that's enough chips we're done with chips for the evening right right but the problem is with the revealed preference assumption if a a platform working on the revealed preference assumption refills the bowl of chips every single time it just looks at what you choose and it just gives you more of it right the platform algorithm is the Smart Pantry that every time you finish you know giant bag of potato chips just restocks the pantry with more right because that's what it's that's what it's built to do but it doesn't obviously have to be that way right and so the question we're asking is what would it look like to have you know platform algorithms that do something different and to what extent can we see the beginnings of those design decisions in decisions that platforms are currently making or could be making right like where is that starting to take root where does it need you know much much more work and how would a model of all of this kind of help us think about it so obviously you know part of the problem with platforms is you know a platform is not you know just a bowl of chips it's not just a bowl of salad it's not even a grocery store it's more like a grocery store with a billion products where new products are being continuously bioengineered in real time and where the shells reconfigure every time you touch them to kind of move the stuff that you seem to want closer to you right so it's a much more challenging problem than that and it's not all good or all bad right like you know a giant video site you know hosts you know lowquality content that you spend way too much time on it also hosts educational videos that people actually learn you know learn from that people actually use to teach themselves entire curricula if they have the self-discipline to go through that it contains videos with life-saving advice that people can point to as you know my life was saved because I watched this video when I had the following symptoms it has incredibly valuable high quality content you know that is very much the things we should be watching particular in certain moments and also it's very you know let's you know I I think we would all agree low quality content that is just you know we want in the moment but it's not necessarily beneficial for us and so it's not about saying what is on platforms is bad was on platforms as good it's really about saying like how do we solve this problem of characterizing the content and knowing what to do in which situation okay and so with that in mind I want to talk about you know a and I should say also when I say platform you know I'll come back to this question that obviously you know who is doing these designs is is an interesting question you know so platforms obviously there's one extra feature in addition to all the inconsistent preferences which is the profit motive that platforms have right that they want to keep you on the site now even there it's more complicated right platforms you know objective function certainly includes you still being a satisfied user six months from now and 12 months from now not just you clicking on the very next thing that's in front of you but clearly the platform's interest and your interests are misaligned and that adds to the complexity of this but these problems would be hard even if the thing we're talking about is a browser Plugin or some proxy that you buil to help yourself right imagine you were trying to build something that would act as a personalized filter that you yourself write that keeps you from spending time that you you know end up regretting even there you know where all the interests are perfectly aligned you would face these same profound problems because the browser plugin that you yourself wrote is only seeing your clicks and what does it do with this okay with that in mind let's think about what a model would look like okay so we're going to start folding in some more some more math content here um so in the work that we've done on this we have a variety of models that get increasingly complicated obviously the decisions people make on you know social media they're Dynamic they're branching you know you move around in a network of linked content let's start with everything being said as simply as possible uh because it's sort of the basic model that you might choose and also because it's one that we can kind of walk through in real time we can do the calculations in real time and sort of talk through it okay all right so first of all let's imagine the user is just consuming a linear content feed right so like an Instagram feed a Twitter timeline a YouTube playlist Tik Tok right it's just one-dimensional and so the real decision they're facing in our problem is just a binary decision like at any moment do I continue on to the next item or do I stop okay the user has inconsistent preferences they are in conflict with each other and so let's call these two systeme sets of preferences system one and system two now system one and system two are almost like these sort of like metaphorical characters who sort of show up in lots of Parables that behavioral economists tell right system one is the kind of impulsive quick decision maker system two the slower reflective decision maker that engages in Long Range planning um they get used for lots of models of things you know sometimes it's about problem solving right the intuitive problem solving versus the analytical problem solving here we mean it in a a particular sense right so so we don't mean all the connotations to come with system one and system two we really mean it as a model of preferences right that system one acts in the moment it just wants to eat the next chip and system two is capable of planning like what are you going to be satisfied with or regretful about in retrospect all right so you're you're consuming this feed items T equals 012 and so forth system one is impulsive it acts first um and here's how system one deres utility so item T has a utility u subt for system one and it's drawn from some distribution you right so each item comes along has a numerical value that value can be positive like this is a thing that system one wants or it could be negative it doesn't want it um because system one doesn't really plan actually all that really matters for our analysis is is the next item have positive value or negative value and so let's say that the value is positive with some probability p p will be a hey paramet of our model and if it's positive then system one's engaged it continues on item T plus1 if the utility is non-positive uh then system one temporarily loses interest and it hands control over to the slower acting system two which suddenly finds itself in control okay now what does system two do well system 2 uses longrange planning so it thinks about item t T now first of all item T also has utility for system to so item T has utility not U subt but V subt which is drawn from some distribution V and has a mean V bar now for some items UT and VT might be you know sort of you know aligned this is a video that's both good for you and also really engaging but they might be misaligned this video is engaging but not really a good use of your time um but system two also thinks ahead to the unknown utilities of future items Okay so the distribution of future items it knows they're be drawn from V independently but it doesn't know what those numbers actually are and it has to decide do I want to leave the site now now if it leaves the site it get some outside option we'll call it w which is basically the sort of value per time step that system two will derive from leaving the site and you know getting on with the rest of your life right so that's W and so at the moment the net utility from item T is VT minus W right the value you get here minus the value you get here left and in general if I sort of predict ahead to the next time steps you know the value you're going to get is like you know V bar minus W in expectation okay so that's another parameter this v v v versus W is another sort of parameter right you know the ratio or the difference is another thing we're going to be interested in now finally we need one more thing here which is if these were the only two parameters we had right the probability the system one is engaged and control the expected value get for the next item for system two and again we're going to sort of think about the story narrated from system 2's point of right because system two is the one that engages in planning and so at any given moment it's trying to figure out what should I do when it's in control if this was the whole story for system 2 we don't really have a model in which system 2 would ever leave the site because either vbar is less than W and it's just not worth being here at all because in expectation it's just less good than being up or if V bar is bigger than W in which case in expectation every Next Step has a positive expected value so there must be a third thing going on which is satiation right even something which is engaging and which is valuable you eventually have enough of it right you have diminishing returns for any particular thing you're doing right and diminishing returns is the fundamental reason why even in valuable activity we're going to stop and context switch to something else so let's add that right so there are a couple ways that we could um we could model diminishing returns um one is kind of uh deterministic diminishing returns right so that you're satiating on this content and so you know t steps out the value that this has is not V subt but some Decay Factor times V subt right maybe it's some one minus Epsilon to the T times V subt right it's decaying um and we would get similar results in that version um it's a little there's a little more bookkeeping to do the calculations in real time and since I want to optimize this talk for being able to do some calculations in real time we're going to take a different very similar model in which what system 2 is going to do is actually undergo a single onoff transition so imagine that every time system 2 makes its way through the content it flips a coin with probably a q um and if it comes up heads with probably a q it decides yes I'm still interested I still want to be here and when it comes up tails with probably one minus Q it says okay I'm now done I'm full I'm satiated I would like to leave okay so when system 2 plans it knows that t steps into the future the probably it will still be interested and not yet satiated is Q to the T because the coins have to come up heads T times okay and that actually summarizes the content and the model system one system two interacting on this one-dimensional feed okay there are three key parameters there's the value right the expected net utility per item for system two and that's V BAR thetive value minus W the outside option there's this satiation parameter the probability q that system 2 remains interested for each item it consumes and finally this term from the behavior economics literature the moish of the content right something is moish if you keep waning more of it right the probability P that system one is in control when consuming a piece of content okay and that's the basic Dynamics uh that's going on right so we think about system 2's utility um and we can think about you know content you know and we think about the design of content you know obviously we don't have even even the author of content doesn't have complete control over the effect it will have on its consumer right that that's clear but you can think about these three distinct parameters right what is the kind of long-term value of this thing I'm producing what is the immediate engagement or appeal of this thing to system one which is impulsive and what's the rate at which you satiate on this content right um and all three of those things uh you know and we think about you know metaphors in terms of food you know things that have like you know high value but you satiate rapidly things that have high value but you satiate slowly things that have you know high value and high Mor right all it's sort of like there's this you know 2 by two by two set of possibilities and it's it's all populated right all of it is possible content that you might see okay so let's imagine the problem faced by System 2 it's standing at the entrance to this platform and again actually a fascinating question that we'll come back to at the end is who does control know which part of you controls the decision to go on the platform in the first place right now we're going to talk about that as a planning activity and so system 2 has to decide to go on the platform but it knows that once it steps onto the platform it gets kind of sucked into this roller coaster of activity in which it's often not in control and system one is kind of dragging it along looking at one thing after another because as long as system one is in control system two doesn't get to make decisions system two only takes over in those brief periods when system one is temporarily bored or not engaged so how should system two solve its planning problem system two looks at the platform and says should I enter the platform will I get in the you know over the course of the session will I get positive net utility or negative net utility from embarking on a session on this platform over which I have limited control okay and so let's actually what's nice is this model that we've written down even though it has a bunch of levers that describe different things that are under the users control the platform control it's simple enough that I can actually just do that calculation for you okay so let me actually just calculate what is the net utility okay so for that we want to think about system 2 is in its calculation picturing the future session that it will have and it could think about the session as having two phases okay um and obviously the session really is just what it is there's just a bunch of flicks but we can for an purpose of analysis we can imagine these two phases phase one for purposes of analysis is the part where system two has not yet satiated it wants to continue and it's collecting V bar minus W net utility in every step while it's doing that now at any moment in Phase One and this is the reason why for this model I'm talking about this coin flipping model because it has essentially no memory right from any point in Phase One the expected time left in phase one is the expected number of steps until this satiation coin that we're flipping comes up tails and you finally satiate now the coin comes up taals to probably one oneus Q so we're waiting for an event of oneus Q and the expected time to wait for it is one over oneus Q okay so phase one you're harvesting V bar minus dou utility in every step and its expected length is one over oneus Q so the expected utility in phase one is v barus w over 1 now phase one ends system 2 has satiated it would like to leave does it get to leave right away no because it could be that system two is now in control and system two is going to keep going as long as it wants to keep going because it's impulsive and it doesn't play so in phase two system two moves along now since you know system one drags system two along system 2 is getting no value because it's satiated so it's collecting minus W net utility per step because it's Los losing its outside option and getting no value from the site but it's going to stay there as long as system one is interested how long is that well system one is interested every step with proba p and so we're waiting for an event of probably oneus P um the expect like now is p over 1 minus P this extra factor of P just comes from the fact that it could be that system one is Bored immediately and you don't actually have to spend any steps at all so the length could be zero okay so let's collect all these terms system to's utility is a random variable whose value is this first term V barus wus Q minus PW 1us p and what's in the numerator is mainly just these things based on W the denominator is kind of the interesting part right one looks like one over oneus q and one looks like one over oneus p and of course system 2 is only going to go on the platform if it's going to get non- Negative utility and expectation so th this will never be negative or system two would never go there in the first place right it would just decide I don't go there because when I go there I right and like the max thing with zero is basically saying the zero means it doesn't go there because it knows when it goes there just waste too much time and it's a net loss okay all right now here's the challenge I want to get to right let's look at the data being collected by a platform you know a proxy a browser plugin that you wrote yourself to help you not waste time any of these things are collecting just clicks on the session so at the simplest level what you're really collecting is not the utility s but the session length t right and the session length is just the length of phase one plus the length of phase 2 which is 1 over 1 - Q Plus p over 1us P right now know what's going on this has a mixed sign this has the same sign so a situation we get into if we compare these right these are sort of the the two equations of motion that govern behavior on this platform right the utility and the length the session length right in the session length we often sort of refer to you know we think about social media as the engagement M right you know when you look at engagement metrics they often take forms that are literally the simple you know last month the average you know time on site for a user was you know 8.4 minutes and this month it's 9.6 minutes it's gone up by 1.2 minutes that's good news engagement metrics have increased right that's just time on site right it's not a measure of what is going on in the user's sort of mental state the utility that they're getting from this and so what is the relation between engagement and utility that's like the sort of we now finally get to in the level of the modeling language the core question how does engagement relate to utility and the answer is you know the first term in each looks like constant over oneus Q they're kind of the same but the second term looks like constant 1us p with different signs right and that the different signs is the wedge that opens up between engagement the time we spend on social media and utility the value we derive from social media so in particular you know let's imagine P equals z if P equals zero then you know there is no second term right and so utility grows monotonically with engagement and that kind of sums up the traditional argument for engagement metrics right in a world where you don't think about inconsistent preferences you don't imagine that there's a system one and a system two there's just system two which plans then engagement is in fact a good proxy for utility if the user is deriving utility at a fixed rate right they're only here because they're deriving positive utility at a fixed rate well let them spend more time and they'll derive more utility um but if P might come over a large range then engagement is not a good proxy because long long sessions could be assigned that the first term is large but it could be ass sign the second term is large and in one case you're gaining utility in the other case you're losing utility and if p is large enough the user might decide not to visit the platform at all because they know their utility would be negative so with that in mind let me move on to sort of the last set of questions here which is how should we think about the design the production of content you know the curation of content the recommendation of content in a world that looks like this right and so right a platform must decide what kind of content to recommend and in that sense it's sort of selecting you know it it's operating it's building content in what you might call pqv space right the moish the satiation and the value um but the problem is it can only measure engagement and not utility and the question is if the platform optimizes for engagement what is the effect on utility um now we're you know not every piece of content can be created so imagine there's some kind of like some sort of feasible region in the space that you're sampling from and I want to get next into sort of what that what that looks like okay now again this is where we come back to we so far just been talking about the user and what happens to them on this now we're talking about the creation of content and I think the most interesting version of this question is suppose you were altruistic I'm trying to create content that makes the user happy but I suffer from a communication bottleneck I don't really know the users's utility I only know their engagement and let's talk about how that's going to work um and then I'll obviously you know there are other hard questions like maybe the person making the content doesn't have interests which are aligned with the users but we want to sort of illustrate how hard the problem is even if those interests are aligned even if those problems are not coming to the four okay so what do I mean by a feasible region so let's just work through some examples right we're trying to create content to increase user utility but all we can see is engagement what might happen so you know the simplest example of a Content manifold you know is going to be parameterized by some hidden variable that's like a coordinate system for the the content so imagine the kind of content I can create is parameterized by a single parameter called X and depending how I set X right so X is like a a dial which I can turn on the content I can make it more like this or more like that and as a function of X you know let's say p is always zero we live in a world without behavioral sort of inconsistency there is no system one the satiation goes up as I increase X and the value goes up as I increase X okay this was sort of my sort of dream scenario in which look as I raise X I make the content better I make you want more of it engagement utility just both go up the first term goes up the second term is zero okay so that's kind of a little too easy let's take a second example which is sort of extreme in the other way here's a second basic example of a Content manifold right a region over which I create things now I again have this dial I'm not quite sure what it does I turn the dial I'm like I wonder what this does the content changes the user Behavior changes it turns out this dial is entirely controlling the moris right as I increase X just more inness goes up right system one is more and more engaged but the fundamental value of the content to system two just stays the same it's just flat okay what's going to happen well here's a sort of schematic curve just plotting our two simple functions of what happens as P increases right so in blue we have the utility and in Orange we have the time on the site as p goes up we kind of saw from the equations what happens engagement goes up people spend more and more time utility just goes down right you're basically burning off utility as you increase engagement because there's some fixed value system 2 is getting and then there's this long epilogue in which they're there longer than they want because system one is just doesn't want to leave right okay now it just goes this goes up that goes down you get to an interesting discontinuity though right there's a moment we could work out what the value is where everything falls off a cliff the user you know from your point of view you're turning the dial the user is more and more engaged every time they come back they spend more and more time on the site and then one day they don't come back at all they're gone right and why was that because you kept increasing engagement until the utility dropped below zero and now this is the moment when the user acting on you know with system 2 acting on their behalf looks at the the planning question of do I want to go to the site today and say no I I don't go that site anymore I just waste time and you know it's it's just not use I I just you know I end up wasting too much time it's not valuable to me and they're gone right and so it's interesting that in this model you have this phenomenon which sort of feels like a very human thing but it sort of comes out immediately from even a model this simple that you can get this Dynamic where you users are sort of more and more engaged at the moment they seem kind of like Max engaged they suddenly go away they they just quit completely okay right and so the problem is now of course you know the problem is now a platform that's trying to sort of you know selfishly maximize time on site has an incentive to sort of push this all the way to the edge of the cliff if it can find it thereby in the process burning away most the utility that you might have gotten from the site right there is value in the site but it increasing gets burned away as engagement gets maximized now of course in reality and we're Far From Reality here with the model this simple but you know if we think about even in this simple model we're going to have something in between right it's not typically that content is all good or all bad but the things that make it more engaging also up to a point make it more valuable so what do I mean up to a point here's one final example just to kind of work through it imagine again I have this dial I'm turning the dial I'm changing the content and it actually does two things it makes it more engaging in the system one it's more moish it also makes it more valuable it's just better content but both are happening so I turn the dial and the question is what is the right value of x here so what's interesting is as X increases at first the effect on system one is really pretty minimal and the the value is going up linearly and so that's actually the dominant effect and so over some range of X increasing X is actually a win-win for the platform and the user more engagement more time on site and more value for the user but we hit some internal maximum on the utility and as we keep dialing up X um utility starts now coming back down to earth the engagement just keeps going up and again we end up going up all the way to this Cliff after which the user doesn't want to come back at all and so this really kind of summarizes the broader point that it's not the question of is engagement a good signal or a bad signal if we're trying to maximize user utility the point is actually that we should be thinking about over what parts of the content space is engagement a good signal and over what parts of the content space is engagement not a good signal for utility right both can happen and they can actually happen kind of continuously as we transition in this in this parameter okay so this was sort of walking through some examples in the work that we did on this we sort of first of all get into sort of richer examples um you know and different models of satiation different models of content um I'll mention that like you know one one way to generalize this is to say you know I could recreate these examples I have here by just saying like you know I could construct mixtures of content right if I have like K different genres of content sources of content I can think about you know what's under my control is these K mixing weights right so the I Source has you know a particular morish satiation and value and now I just have to figure out like in in the feed how much do I mix in of each ingredient um and the result is just a condent feed that has these parameters so for example my you know the the the third example I showed you which had a plot that looked like this was simply a weighted average of my first two examples right good content and very morish content and you blend them together and you end up with a thing like this um you can actually notice other design choices that that come into play so for example you know in the past year and a half sites like Instagram and Tik Tok have added a feature that you can put in your profile like called you know enforced breaks I can go to my profile and say every 15 minutes I would like 30 you know 30 seconds of complete break no content now in a site that's trying to get you to click you know on what possible basis would they want to like put in boring emptiness in the middle of it's because because you know they've begun to understand that people are shying away from these sites because they know that they waste too much time on them and so if I could promise you as the platform don't worry you can configure this 15 minutes in you will have a you know system to will get a guaranteed chance to run away if it wants to that could actually change the decision whether you're willing to go on the site because you know in 15 minutes the break's going to come and you're just going to know you're going to leave them and that actually happens even in a model that's simple right adding breaks is simply adding one more content source that has zero moish right it's basically this thing here zero moish some satiation and zero value and you could actually have a situation where I'm over the cliff right I'm I'm beyond this orange Cliff here and so the user doesn't want to be there but if I mix in some zero value zero morance content I'm basically pulling myself back to the left now I'm on the inside of the cliff and now the user does want okay so it it sort of explains in a very simple you know even at the level of this mathematical model the sense in which adding content of zero value can actually cause someone to want to come back to a site that they had otherwise left as being too time wased there's some other General theorems that we can prove here um so again just using the two sort of governing equations and think about an arbitrary feasible region of content imagine that you're trying to design content and there are like these two objective functions I have right so Omega is some piece of content in the spa feasible region with you know morish an association of value I say like G Subs of GA is the expected utility G subt is the expected engagement and I could think about the the point that maximizes utility and the point that maximizes engagement and then we could ask like what are the conditions on this feasible region this content manifold under which the engagement Maxim maximizer produces strictly higher engagement but strictly lower utility than the utility maximizer and one General theorem you can prove is that when that happens one of two things must be the case and it was that sort of mechanically this came out because one of the two is the one we had been thinking about and the other was actually a different thing that's also relevant to platform design and not the one we were thinking about so if the engagement maximizer lowers utility strictly lowers utility it either must be the case that the engagement maximizer has greater morish right so it's it's leveraging the additional appeel to system one or it's the case that the engagement maximizer has a longer satiation Horizon right you satiate more slowly but has lower value per so what's this one right this is different this has nothing to do with system one it's a different reason why the engagement maximizer might be lowering utility and what it is is the following suppose you go on suppose you're trying to pair your airpods with your iPhone you can't figure out how to get the Bluetooth paing to work and you go on YouTube to find some video that will explain to you how how to how to do it in scenario one YouTube immediately shows you a 30- second video that shows you exactly what you want you do it and you leave and you're happy okay in the second cas Cas the videos are not they're not well explained it's not the model of airpods you have you have to like watch like four of them before you actually finally do it the first is a better experience you got more utility out the first one and because the reason is that you satiated faster and you looked at and you got more value per item whereas the one that you spent more time on was actually less value to you it wasn't about moish it wasn't about system one it was just you weren't getting the value you wanted this is a well-known thing from even the early days of web search right even in the late ' 90s early 2000s with the very very earliest days of user studies on web search people understood web search is one of those rare kinds of pages where you don't want to maximize time on sites nobody wants to spend time reading search results they want to as fast as possible get to what they're looking for right and that's bullet two it's the particular constraints of something like web sear where in dependent of system one you want people off the site as fast as possible okay all right so with that I wanted to just wrap up with some final um uh re sort of perspectives on this and then happy to take you know any questions that that that have um we sort of started this from the idea that you know algorithms are making decisions about people and this is a particular domain consumption on social media where we have a sense of like something isn't working with platform optimization right platforms keep optimizing and it's almost like the more they optimize the less happy people seem to get right and in the end our model sort of you know moves from the kind of qualitative view of that to this kind of analytical Cliff which says yes this Cliff is exactly the sense in which you keep optimizing and users get less happy right because it fundamentally says like we have to somehow go beyond the revealed preference assumption to explicitly model the inconsistent preference users have right they literally have two different things that they want and these models actually give us sort of a vocabulary for thinking about a whole bunch of design choices right there some of them I've talked about already here I'll kind of wrap up with a couple of others like now part of the whole message here is like how do we interpret the data we collect right we have clicks but we're trying to solve an inversion problem we're trying to invert a mental state that we can't inserve um the role of surveys right so you're on YouTube you're on other you know you're on you're on other platforms and a survey will pop up like how are you enjoying the platform today like you know you know very happy happy neutral unhappy very unhappy and you know we often like dismiss those surveys we're like but what are those surveys what they're doing is they're an attempt to sort of reach out through the screen and go could I please talk to system 2 directly like yeah I get that you're clicking I have a question for you are you actually happy right now you know are you actually getting what you wanted out of the site and so these kind of interven that let you and so what this really says is that platforms should really be looking for opportunities to try hearing from system 2 one is explicit surveys but there are other things that are happening you know one thing we've talked about with you know platforms for example is like you know and one thing that's actually in this nice uh work of uh Smith a Milly and their co-authors um working with Twitter is the idea of looking at user actions that convey something about longrange planning as a as a signal that system 2 might be acting so for example clicking a thing that says don't show me more things like this is a statement about the future not whether you're engaged now it's a St about the future saying like I would like to mute this user and not hear more content from them is a statement about the future and so those things are not just useful for their own instrumental value but they're useful as insights into what system 2 is thinking right now um we've talked you know third bullet here number of options we've talked about everything in terms of a linear feed and the work that we've done and in the papers that we have we also talk about like branching options right so like the sidebar on a YouTube video is not one thing to watch next it's a choice of things to watch next and there's subtle issues that come up there right more choices obviously you know you get to take the max over more possible utility values that's good also unfortunately it creates more chance that system one will find something that engages it in the next step and so there's even more morish this when you have more choices and so the optimum branching factor is often something in between right many things that involve like you know reducing frictions right like previewing the next thing versus autop playing the next thing is saying something about you know the cost it takes for system one you know it's it's activating more or less how much system one is able to act uh we talked about breaks and I'll I'll end with this final point about content doesn't just occur by itself but content gets embedded in other content right so think about the fact that you might say like I you know often read The Washington Post but not on Sunday mornings because I try to stay away from YouTube and Sunday mornings The Washington Post often embeds YouTube clips from the night before in its articles um and so what happens is I'm like reading this news article which I want to be reading and I suddenly hit this YouTube link which I was trying to stay away from and now suddenly system one is engaged and they're watching with it right and so they they they sort of snuck you know like YouTube and system one managed to kind of like strike this devious bargain you know you know like I thought it was me me system two and the Washington Post but suddenly system one and YouTube were engaged right and this comes up in the offline World also right like this idea of embedding things and sort of suddenly activating system one unexpectedly in food consumption for example you know you might as you walk through the airport know that you should choose a route you know from you know your arrival gate to your next departure gate in a way that avoids the cinnamon roll place that sells thousand calorie cinnamon rolls because you want to make sure that you do not get the Thousand calor cinnamon roll but the cinnamon roll place also knows that and so they end up piping the smell of the cinnamon roll out into the airport con concour so that as you walk by you smell it and it's almost like system one is already eating the cinnamon right it's already activated system one right and that's sort of what's Happening Here it's like YouTube is suddenly sneaking its way out into other content and system one is already activate it right whether or not you want it and so these questions about how do we do mashups of media who controls the decision to go on the platform in the first place and how do we tilt the balance between system one system two are all the kinds of design questions that really are sort of lying just below the surface once we really fully appreciate that revealed preferences is not a sufficient basis for making a lot of decisions we have to actually really really sort of go into the idea that there are these inconsistent preferences and to think about a modeling language that can let us think about these design choices and these design trade-offs in this more precise way I think all of this really suggests a lot of interesting questions going forward that are going to sort of con continue to bring together you know these questions about you know algorithm design with the the behavioral sciences and user interaction um allowing us to think about some of the sort of broader societal questions in the way we're all using social media I'll stop up there thanks very much thank you John for that very wonderful presentation uh and now we are pleased to move into the uh Q&A period uh so just a reminder to everyone please use the raised hand function uh in Zoom if you'd like to ask a question uh and we welcome you to turn on your camera if you're comfortable doing so and if you are not in a space where you can turn on your camera or unmute uh we also welcome you to post your questions on chat and indicate that uh you are not able to turn on and uh unmute and and ask the question yourself in which case I would be happy to read out your question for you okay so uh we have a hand up from Felix Felix do you want to ask your question yes a great talk thank you so much uh I was mostly wondering I'm imagining this household where say we have two children watching YouTube and maybe parent using the same account to plan grocery shopping or other things I'm just wondering so you you you talked about those two systems but what if we what if we Implement other users into the system who could have multiple systems of one or even overlapping systems one and uh if you if you played around with that on the implementation side yeah that that's a very good question so that right and and I think that's actually it's a yeah it's a it's a really nice point that many in many cases there's more than one user using this account and this I think was an early challenge for a lot of these websites that sort of didn't really fully internalize this and so things that looked like dramatic shifts in interest was really just a different user and obviously that's become kind of you know we see that in some of the sort of canonical user interface metaphors that we see on these sites you know so for example movie streaming sites asking like which of you is watching right now you know and um and I think we've actually in talking with people at social media platforms we've sort of you know tried to use that that metaphor that maybe partly what's going on also is that you know even allowing individual sort of thinking about the sort of latent notion that there's switching even even happening within one user going on but I agree that that dramatically complicates the picture because now we've got sort of switching at two levels right you can imagine almost like a a depth two Tree in which they're switching at the top level among the actual user on the site and then once we're down that level of tree now switching at a second level of like which of their systems of preferen is in charge um you know and of course there's some endogeneity right the extent to which the parent might come you know so the child is watching educational videos on YouTube and so the parent is allowing that to keep going on now they noce the child to switched to watching like cartoons and they come and they now like put some time limit on how much more time they have left and so you sort of watch what's going on and you you might infer that okay well it's only one user watching and I'm watching system one system two but system one system two are getting some help from a third party right and so that I think it's also there's a broader question here of like the conflict in different goals that people have for example across the activities that they do right so like the other you know I think the other thing implicit in in your question which is a very nice point is that that you know being on the site and what we do on it is like one thing that we do and so in our model we abstracted this as there's a quote outside option but of course really think about that outside option is some other thing you might switch to and and this another thing that like the sort of the HCI design Community has thought about in in the following sense like you can imagine that like you know I'm a you know I'm a parent you know with say young children and I'm like trying to sort of you know spend enough time with children I'm trying to like you know stay healthy and so I have a fitness app and the fitness app keeps like saying you know you haven't met your Fitness goal today you need 20 more minutes of like you know vigorous walking but I also have like a sort of time management app that's like you know you haven't spent enough time with your like you know reading to your children today and so you get in the situation where like the fitness app is making you feel bad because the fitness app is under the illusion that the only thing you have going on in your life is like being fit and everything else is just you wasting your time but it's not you wasting your time it's you doing something else that's valuable and so there's a kind of like fumbled handoff going on here where different apps are sort of like in this sort of singular view of the world as opposed to like there's a sort of ecosystem of activities many of them valuable and I I think try to figure out how to balance that is something that is still sort of largely an largely an open question of like how to really elicit that from users and communicate to users thanks uh we have a couple of more hands up uh there's a Mohammad do you want to uh unmute and ask your question yeah sure thank you for the great talk so I wanted to ask question so you've talked about uh the expected of these distributions so uh I wanted to see if the variance would change so the variance of the distribution where P comes from will change the action of the second system so I think when you're adding contents with zero value you're actually like increasing the variance but what if we do it in a smooth way of changing the variance a little bit yeah so that's a yeah it's a very nice question what happens um yeah I'm just so right I I think like in a model where the agent is literally only concerned about expected utility um then you know you could say well then the variance maybe doesn't play if I keep the expectation the same I change the variance then expect uity doesn't change but what that points to of course is that you know more sophisticated models of utility might not just care about you know the expected value you know so in many ways I might have you know risk aversion like I'm afraid you know like the risk that I spend way too long is sort of much more Salient to me than the risk that I end up being there too little right so I I could have some kind of like you know so my utility for time might be different um I might care about the V I might care about the quantile the order statistics like I want to make sure that there's at most a 20% chance that I spend more than half an hour on the site now suddenly variance comes into play and then yeah and then exactly the kinds of things that you're talking about I add something that maybe breaks even on the mean but it increases the variance so now it's too likely that I might have a very long session or add something which reduces the variance right the mean doesn't change but now I've brought the chance I have a very long session into some acceptable range so I think those are both you know things that that we've thought about right one is um changing the sort of functional form by which we evaluate time like you know sort of like you know my you know I I have some logarithmic utility for you know as a function of the actual value I get um and the other is like you know think about quantiles or things like this in which case the variance comes more directly into play so yeah um all all these are very very natural extensions to to a model like this thank you Mohammad and thank you John uh there is another hand up from surush well um thank you for the amazing and very clear talk um so my question I think is a little open-ended um I mean so with the presence of this large language models let's say we have the flexibility of generating very complex kind of responses instead of just recommending videos and all and with such a flexible model um what type of optimization should we think of should we care about um correctly modeling only only correcting correctly modeling the utility of the um of the user I mean taking into account that it's Sunday and I don't like to watch political news and want to watch I don't know only fun news and then what and so yeah what what what kind of things should we talk I mean consider here it's not necessarily engagement I think um yeah yeah yeah that's a great yeah it's a great question how like say large language models or generi uh is going to affect this now and is going to affect this and I think um I mean it a few things we thought about there so what's interesting is sort of the extent to which llms for example are sort of from a Content creation point of view not you know from a sort of platform point of view not from obviously all the architectural innovations that go into them but there's there's sort of the next step in a progression of like increasingly finding grain control over the content that you're seeing right so if you think about it like you know at some point there was like you know the movie you are watching and the movie you're watching is just the movie and it's going to go on for the next two hours and you made one choice and it lasts for two hours you know or even the news article it's a five minut read you made one choice it lasts for five minutes you know I'm scrolling through a feed that feed was created by users but like if I think about this as like a a sort of pot that I get to stir the chunks I'm stirring are much much smaller I get to kind of reorder these little posts you're going to consume each Post in like a few seconds and so I have much you know it becomes more almost like a Continuum right like the idea of like which movie do I want feels like a very discreet Choice the question of like you know how am I rearranging the feed starts to feel a little more continuous because there's this you know like there's so much fine grein control over it um you know short videos a lot more fine grain control than long videos so I think like the granularity at which I'm making choices and Contex switching um you know is not just a stylistic choice it's not just that you know Tik Tok looks different from YouTube because of the short form long form but your ability to optimize feeds changes when you're operating at that at that granularity right the fact that like you know tweets are shorter than whatever it is people posted before tweets again gives you fine green control over the optimization and so in some sense the llm although it's now off in a different dimension is sort of doing something it's giving you even more fine grain control right like it brings us almost like this idea I I had a dial and I could adjust the content was sort of metaphorical like how do I turn dial adjust the content it gets sort of more real when I have like generative AI where I might actually have a set of latent parameters that's like you know make this article slightly you know happier make this article slightly more you know menacing make this article slightly more aspirational right and I don't quite know how this dial turns into that but you know you can imagine things that try to give me fine grain control over you know make this picture you know obviously you know we we sort of know this here from you know like how I can modify images video and so yeah I think it it's useful in all these to think about the sort of what level of fine grain control I get over this and sort of What kinds of controls you might imagine in a gener gener AI system that's that's that's that's producing content um so that that's One Direction I completely agree with your point that all of this even more emphasizes the sense of which we want to think about utility distinct from engagement right I mean that's sort of one of the sort of top level messages here you but the extent to which we can optimize for both I think is being effect like even once we have that realization we're going to be able to sort of have different power in optimizing one last point of course is that to the extent that generative AI is producing content that it trained on the data there's of course this interesting symbiosis between the humans who create content and the ji that's producing stuff based on that and so I I think that's also going to be sort of an interesting dyamic wonderful thank you SOS and thanks John uh let me turn to the question posted by tuni on chat and then I'll come to prna who has her hand up so tunji has asked me to to uh help read out his question for him uh he asks uh would these observations or effects of social network platforms be uh the same or similar or would you think they would be different if you limit the number of connections that the user is allowed to have on these platforms to uh something small like 150 which is the dunbar's number for real life right so I guess his question is more inspired from why we don't see some of these effects in real life and could it be because we have limited number of Connections in real life and we are following thousands of people online yeah right that's a it's a great question um and definitely there' have been proposals in a number of a number of directions so um like limiting connections obviously could be uh you know obviously limiting the the number of ties I'm allowed to have um there's also limiting for example how far messages can travel right people have experimented with like you know after three hops I have to reduce the fan out on the to to prevent like arbitrary viable spread um another kind of lever kind of under control people trying to set limits like this is am I limiting number of Connections in both directions or only in One Direction right like saying I can only follow 150 celebrities still means those celebrities have enormous fan out saying like B directionally each of us can only make 150 links is that gets you into this interesting design space which I think was an interesting and actually underappreciated uh bifurcation point in the early history of social media which is is this a platform that's about connecting with people you know or is this a platform about publishing and broadcasting to the world right and to editorialize slightly you know at some early phase in social media if if if you recall like sites like Facebook you know did not have the ability to be a public figure you could not publish on this platform you couldn't broadcast and and there are sites that still are set up this way because they sort of appreciate what was sort of useful about that which is you were only there with the people you knew right but then sites that did that looked at sites like Twitter where people had a million followers or you know 100 million followers eventually and they're like we're giving away a market to these sites because we too could allow you to become a public figure and just broadcast but the dynamic changes dramatically once you have like you're there with your friends and you're there with public figures because it's not because again because of the inherently social nature of this it's not just that sometimes I talk to my friends sometimes I follow public figures but I find that increasingly my friends rebroadcast what they heard from the public figures like at Once Upon a Time me and my friend were having a conversation but now I find my friend doesn't really speak in their own words instead they go looking out on the site and they pick up some weapons grade ammunition they found from a public figure and they just sort of retweet it to me or re share it with me and the conversation I used to be having no longer happens and so there are these hard decisions you have to make when you end up and to think about like is this more a platform about publishing or is it more a platform about communicating with people you know because what I think what we've learned is it's sort of naive to say oh I'll just get the Best of Both Worlds by offering both functionalities because the two functionalities cross and they blend with each other and you end up not having both so yeah I think these are really really interesting design questions where I think you know I think platforms have gone down certain roads that you know ended up with things that they didn't expect and I think I think we're sort of more sophisticated now about the consequence of these things and it's very much a dimension of the design space we should be think about all right thank you that's a very fascinating perspective on it uh rajna would you like to unmute and ask your question um hi uh thank you for your talk um so my question is coming from more of a non technical perspective but um I was scanning a New York Times article and something they mentioned was um social media networks might sometimes not be designed for a particular say age group um and I'm wondering under this new model um where do age restrictions fit in and um if they fit in and do they get blurred or does it sort of do they disappear if we're just considering one versus should if my question SS yeah totally yeah I think it would be interesting to ask so I think there are some places where sort of age restrictions may come in that sort of fit with the model as is some places where you would want to extend extend the model I mean part of I think the issue of course that's going on is um we're sort of imagining this kind of Monolithic notion of like content it's heterogeneous in sense it has different values heterog genus in the sense that we're mixing different sources But ultimately we're talking about a user kind of going through their feed and getting value or or not getting value out of this um I mean I think part of what's going with age restrictions is that there's you know let's say at least three distinct things going on one is a certain kind of content that's just going to have maybe net positive value for people above a certain age and net negative value for people below a certain age and then we're really we would have to be asking like for this user is this content valuable for them or not and so in a way if you think about it like the entire model I was talking about here almost imagines like one user and the notion of value was all tailored to that one user platforms face a layer of problems that was actually almost you know hidden in this talk which is when I say this cont has this value I mean it has this value to you but it has some other value to someone else and so I think one way think about age restrictions and other things is like it has positive value to this person and very negative value to this person now if the platform perfectly knew the value of each person maybe it could you know separate that out but it doesn't perfectly know that and so it can make you know wrong choices right this this this this content has positive expected value but it has definitely very negative value to these people and so I could think about like requiring that you enter your age for example as saying there are certain features I need to know about you that I'm not good enough at inferring this is the platform speaking and so I need to ask you your age because the consequences of being wrong about your age are sometimes so dramatic that I just want to know that as a fact uh so that I know certain kinds of content whereas trying to infer it through machine learning means I'm going get it wrong in certain cases where I I don't I don't necessarily want to get wrong so I think it's I think sort of age restrictions and other kind of things are part of the sort of layer of question that sort of sits above the model I'm talking about that the value of this content depends on the user it's being shown to and whether it's being correctly targeted to one user or another also depends on how much the platform can infer about this I guess a separate dimension of course is like the whole issue of like system one system two sometimes we think about you know you know like you know we want to limit the screen time for you know children that may less be about the content they're watching maybe I want to limit screen time on a site for you know you know my child in a context where the site is completely safe content but just too much of it is just going to be too much and there it's almost that we imagine that you know children might have a different system one system to balance than adults right adults might be able to be better at creating strategies for sort of enforcing self-control in a way that young children may not have learned corresponding set strategies and so I think that's also happening here that we actually could see a different balancing point between system one system two as a function of age and then then we might see some of those issues thanks John uh and thanks prna uh there are a couple of other questions but I would like to selfishly introduce a question of my own uh and then I I'll get to the other questions I promise uh so I I was uh sometimes when we think of these revealed choices we we think of measuring choices in very limited way such as whether the user scrolled into the next uh item or not but there are a lot of other choices that the user is making that we sometimes measure sometimes we don't measure so for example uh uh when I personally visit Twitter versus Facebook where I have a higher prior for getting value out of Twitter lower prior for getting that out of Facebook I I find myself kind of very slowly and carefully scrolling over Twitter whereas with Facebook as soon as I open Facebook I just kind of start scrolling uh and without even looking at some of the initial content without even assessing whether that content was useful or not because I just have this prior that it's going to be very very useless content so I I uh I mean I wonder if if you think that there are kind of Greater set of choices that that we could measure and from that we could still infer the users uh intentions uh looking at kind of for example ey tracking and whatnot yeah yeah it's it's a great point and I think you're seeing uh platforms um starting to do some of this so you know like looking at actually the time that this thing spins in the viewport on your phone for example as or on your browser on your on your laptop so looking at scrolling speed as in your example um looking at other very fine grained fine grain metrics you know sort of the time it takes you to act on a Rec a recommendation pops up you act on immediately you take a while to act on it all those are measurable and are being measured and the question is how do we how do we make use of them um there's actually a sort of another paper that um my co-author centel has worked on this is with uh di Davenport and Amanda agen and Yan lwig and S looking at in fact how people scroll through their Facebook newsfeeds and sort of the dwell time on you know on looking at in-group versus outgroup bias where you you look at people where you know they you know people from sort of you know groups closer to them they you know spend sort of more you know they they scroll slower groups further away they scroll faster and these are things that quite possibly are sort of happening subconsciously because you can do experiments where you say now let me actually make like friend recommendations and we see that people are now I actually have to like think it's ask me to actually and people I'm equally likely to accept a friend recommendation often I scroll differently because that's happening at some more system one level so I can engage with people equally when system two is doing it like thinking about do I want to make a link to this person and differentially when system one is doing it and so they sort of think about this as a way that sort of biases manifest themselves on sort of fast time scales that might be less appearent on slow time scales so yeah I think all of these are really really I I think other like looking for sort of Novel ways of measuring things like one thing that we talked about with um some social media platforms was like the role of like exogenous interruptions is an interesting thing like imagine I'm trying to figure out do you still want to be here or are you like just mindlessly scrolling at this point one thing that might tell me that is the app crashes you know just has a bug you know it crashes now there's two possibilities you either restart the app and keep scrolling or you just leave right and so now for any one of us the app crashes rarely hopefully you know so that's a once every you know three weeks event but if you have a billion users apps are crashing all the time so that actually becomes like an instrumental variable where you're constantly seeing people getting random interruptions and seeing how they react to it so trying to sort of take advantage of those sort of exogenous shocks in the world is also I think a very interesting thing that we try doing so yeah there's so many different ways of inferring preference and yeah I mean obviously like you know and obviously compared to a bunch of the you know you know really sophisticated ways in which you model choice in your own work right these are some very very simple choice architectures I think putting in richer Notions of how to sort of choice how to design choice and how to elicit preferences I think it's very much a sort of Po question that's that's that's going on here so yeah I think that there's a lot of interesting potential crossover in in techniques for in preference yeah I completely agree uh so Mary B Baker has posted on chat she can't come on video uh so um Mary would you want to just unmute and ask your question or would you like me to read out your question okay I'm going to assume that uh I can read out that question so uh yeah so so they work in web optimization within a large governmental organization and are often kind of on the lookout for these kind of insights that you just said with with the should versus want and and kind of help turn these insights into practical recommendations uh so so they are asking if you have any advice uh given your work across the different disciplines and uh uh whether you would uh prefer whether you would like to collaborate with Communications and design practitioners to help them support these kind of uh uh Endeavors yeah these are definitely very much questions that were yeah that we're thinking about I mean my yeah I mean my experience certainly is that right these questions are right they they bring in a lot of uh right a a lot of disciplines are potentially relevant right and so I mean certainly some of those you know so you know computer scientists I like to imagine that we have you know we can maybe help build these models of what's going on if we're sort of engaging with you know people in other domains um people in in the behavioral sciences like my co-author selan people in behavioral economics we think about some of the sort of the user psychology that's taking place here um as you mentioned in your question you know HC design is a a key component so you know uh people who work in communication people working computer computer Media communication the social psychology of user design um user interface Technologies all of these are things where um you know there's sort of high bandwidth with the the the behavioral sciences you know and then I think other areas so economics um both on the econometric side to sort of interpret the data that we're collecting right because I think e econometrics and empirical economics and the empirical social science in general really excel at cases where the data Gathering process itself has been interfered with by the design that I built and so I'm not sort of collecting data sort of organically but I'm collecting it through the the very designs that I'm I'm trying to analyze and to think about how we can disentangle that economics on the side of just platform incentives because obviously it's very hard to talk about this without thinking about things like platform incentives um and then obviously you know on the sort of law policy side you know we've been engaging with people on the legal side of this because ultimately some of this informs questions about you know you know what should we regulate in these domains what can we regulate in those domains right one of the very one of the hard things here is that for a lot of these platforms the primary product is speech you know and one of the things about you know legal systems you know in the US and Canada and many other countries is speech is a one of the things that is particularly hard to regulate right it's much much easier to regulate you know medications or food or you know consumer goods but you know the whole point is that speech goes largely unregulated and so how do we think about kind of you know obviously speech is not 100% unregulated you know I you know if you know people can issue threats using speech people can engage in fraudulent advertising and speech those things aren't protected people engag in defamation but you know comparatively it's sort of a hard thing so I think you know between the kind of like computer science the Behavioral Science Behavior economics HCI design the kind of econometric and statistical analysis of data La policy work those are all you know groups we've been talking about I have definitely been talking quite a bit with HCI designers as happens at Cornell our department of computer science and our department of information science are sort of very closely linked you know we're in the same building we have some cross appointments and our information science department had a lot of people who really think a lot about the social psychology of uh computer mediated communication so people like um Sue Fussell uh Phoebe sangers um Steve Jackson more on the qualitative ethnographic side um and and so and a lot of other you know really really excellent user interface designers and so I think that's definitely a very important thing to to maintain High bandl perfect uh thank you so much John uh spway I'm really sorry I I would like to take the time before everybody drops off to to thank John and to to make an announcement for the next seminar so uh uh yeah I'm hoping that you'll get uh an opportunity to meet John and interact interact with him at some future point right so with that uh thank you very much John with your wonderful presentation very engaging discussion afterwards and to those in the audience I would like to thank you for joining us today as well and uh next week as you know is reading week so we will not have a seminar but please join us again in two weeks from now on vday February the 28th as we are going to welcome Vince kider who is going to uh who is Professor of computer science at carnik melon University and he'll talk about social choice and game theory for AI alignment so we look forward to seeing you all then

- Sports Analytics Secrets: How to Turn Passive Fans into Superfans | Neil Schwarz Insights: Kind: captions Language: en Neil Schwarz, welcome to the sports management podcast. >> Thank you so much for having me. It's a great way to start my Monday morning >> and it's a great way to end my working day. We are on different parts of the world. Really glad that we can get this going technology and everything you know. >> So you are the president of sprnet sports marketing analytics. So, can you tell us a little bit about your role and your work with SPRET? >> Sure. So, first Marcus, I want to thank you for having me on today. Um, you know, I'm talking about my favorite subject, which of course is sports and SBNET, um, is a data provider and we are focused 100% on the business side of sports. Um, so it's generating revenue, um, creating new fan engagement, um, you know, you name it. anything to do with the business side of sports, selling tickets, selling licensed merch, sports gambling, you name it, sports tourism. So, um that that's really what my company uh SBRE, which stands for sports business research network, um does. Um we currently provide data to around 250 odd colleges and universities worldwide as well as teams, leagues, brands, um leading associations, um ad agencies, really anyone that needs information focused on sports fans here in the United States. Um we do an annual study of sports fans every year in the first quarter. In fact, we're uh spending some time today with my data scientist working on our new uh our survey for this year. um and uh looking forward to making a few changes, although we try not to change too much just because you want to be able to preserve the trends. Um you know, as far as I'm concerned, um I've been actually a 30-year veteran of market research. I was doing data before data was cool. Um you know, I understood the power of data and the value of data and I understood that a decision made with data is generally a better decision and you know, and and that's the way I've kind of always aligned myself. 25 years ago, I decided that I wanted to be in the sports business because frankly I love the sports business. Um, every day, Marcus, I wake up and you know, I wake up and there are three words that drive me and they are sports are fun. And you know what? Who doesn't want to have fun? I mean, I do. um you know, I'm not curing cancer, not curing world hunger, not gonna make, you know, not going to do anything about peace, you know, and all that. We're just talking about sports, you know, fans, games, winning, losing, you know, and then all the things that go along with being a sports fan. And it's it's just fun and and and again, it's really what drives me. But I I do love the data side of sports. There's no question about it. >> Yeah. And I love sports, too. and everyone you know listening to this hopefully loves sport as well but maybe not everyone loves data and you mentioned that you like data before it was cool. So how's it been this 25 years for like are people open to take decision based on data and how was that 25 years ago versus how is that now? >> Well number one is that you know look data is pretty ubiquitous in that it's everywhere at this point. um you know a number of uh exe you know key executives or key business leaders you know always say hey you know one day data is going to be traded like oil well that day has come and gone it is traded like oil um you know if you look like you know you know whether it's the the development of AI or the growth of companies like planeteer or other companies you know everything's about the data um you know the thing is that in the very beginning I have to tell you I used to get some push back a lot um you know people would love to push push back because they didn't understand, you know, where's the data coming from? How did you do it, you know, um the data may contradict something that they think, you know, they have a predisposed, you know, decision already. And, you know, it contradicts what they think. And, you know, people don't always like to be contradicted. I have to tell you in the in in my years of doing this I've you know I've gotten into going into some meetings where the it's gotten a little bit hostile at times because I'm quoting something different than what they thought. Um you know so it's very important but you know look as we've gone through the last 25 years even the last 10 years you know the use of data you know has become just you know just part of business. I mean it is just part of the day-to-day and you know one industry we have to thank for that of course is the financial industry which I was very tied to in that they were buying my data you know in order to help them make stock picks understand trends understand brands understand what's going on you know in terms of that side of the business so in a lot of ways um you know a lot of sports companies have followed suit you know or have used the financial world as kind of their uh you know proving ground, testing ground, whatever you might want to call it. And they have gone to um you know, a much more uh stronger footing with data. And then you know, of course, now you've got so many schools, colleges, universities that are, you know, have data analytics programs. So, you know, they're they're they're teaching the kids how to do it. They're teaching the kids how to use the popular data analytics platforms and they're teaching kids how to use data the right way. And and that's important. and all. So you want to teach people how to use data the right way because quite frankly you know data can be used for good. It can also be used for evil and uh you know it's partly my responsibility to ensure that people are in fact using data for good. I'd like to believe that that's what you know I'm teaching but uh you know that that's what we want to do. We want to make sure people are using it right, understanding the data where it comes from and then you know again using it properly. >> Yeah. And it's also so much data. So >> like how do you synthesize that? So you know we're talking about analysis paralysis sometimes. So when you're getting this, you know, huge amount of data when you're talking to your clients, how can you, you know, explain the data and make it more understandable? >> Yeah, I know. You know, when I when I'm working with a client specifically, I like to talk about a couple of different things. Number one, I like to talk about good data versus bad data and what goes into that. Um, you know, where does the data come from? You know, there's a lot of data providers out there that um don't necessarily share their methodology or don't necessarily want to get into where the data comes from. I call that the that's what they call blackbox data. You don't know where it's coming from. You don't know what goes into it. You don't know what they do to it. I I like to stay away from what I like to call blackbox data. I I want, you know, I want to be as transparent. I want to be as open, you know, I don't want to get bogged down though in methodology and science. I have to tell you, when I do find myself getting bogged down in methodology and science questions, I usually find that I lose the audience or I lose people because let's face it, it's science and it's a little bit boring. And, you know, not that I find it boring, but it is. And and I want to try to stay away from that. But the other thing is it's important to understand what types of questions that you want to get answered. And and that's really, you know, a big part of the discussion is, you know, what are you looking to to get out of this? See, and the other thing I want to try to do is especially when I'm talking to clients or even when I'm talking to students or I'm talking to anybody really is, you know, I I hear this a lot, by the way. Oh, we have a lot of our own data. And I say, you know what, that's good. But let me ask you a question. Do you have data, you know, from other teams in your specific business or your specific league or your specific area, you know, that you can look at to benchmark to see how well you're doing? Well, you know, we don't. Well, and that's a problem because if all you're doing is looking at your own data, you are bound, Marcus, to make the same mistakes over and over again. I like to call that the self-fulfilling prophecy of data analytics. If all you're looking at is your data, guess what? you're bound to make the same mistakes over and over again. So, by bringing in outside data, by bringing in other data, I also use this kind of weird analogy here that using data is a lot like making soup. I don't know if you're a cook or not. I am, but when I cook, I work from a recipe, you know, and the recipe says you're going to add, you know, a lot of this, a little bit of that, a lot of that, a little bit of this. Well, that's kind of like how data works also. You know, you're going to use a lot of that. You're going to use a lot of your own data. You're going to use maybe a little bit of other people's data. You're going to use a little of this, a little of that. And then you're going to maybe find something that's going to enhance the data. You know, like salt and pepper enhances soup or food. You know, data can als um, you know, outside data or third party data can also enhance, you know, what it is you're trying to get accomplished. So you know data you really need to understand what it is you're trying to accomplish and then understand you know good data versus bad data and then what data can I incorporate into the kind of the problem solving matrix so to speak and then you know get busy with the analytics and organizing and creating visualizations and all that kind of thing. >> Interesting. So your strategy when you're working with a client, you mentioned like you're talking to students, but there are also commercial clients, team league brands. Does your strategy differ depending on uh what type of business you're dealing with? >> Oh, it always differs. Every situation is unique. And that's, you know, another thing, Marcus, is that you don't want to go in, you know, just like I mentioned that a business doesn't want to necessarily use only its own data from a decision-making standpoint or a problem solving standpoint. I also don't want to go in with my own kind of predetermined or presupposed, you know, um, ideas or notions. And and, you know, by the way, that's one of the hardest things to do, not just as a data provider, but even as a marketing person, you know, um, over the years, I've had a number of marketing things come up. I mean, number one, you know, I had a a boss who used to tell me, you know, I'd sit in meetings and I says, "Look, do me a favor. Don't use yourself as an example for anything because you're not, you know, you're just not. And you know what? I I've respected that particular side of things. The other thing though, Marcus, is I've I've respected is that using data and I talked about making soup, but also I like to be able to have kind of a road map when I go into things. You know, when I was in college, and God knows it a long time ago, but I remember learning about something called a SWAT analysis. Stands for strengths, weaknesses, opportunities, and threats. Well, when I go in and have a discussion, that SWAT analysis thing is always in the back of my head. You know, what are the strengths? What are the weaknesses? Where are the opportunities? What are the threats? I'm always thinking that way. Now, do I always sit and prepare and do a formalized SWAT analysis? No, I don't. But I'm always thinking about that, you know, when I'm talking to a brand, I'm talking to a team, I'm talking to, you know, a league, I'm talking to anybody, you know, what are the strengths of this particular product situation? What are the weaknesses? Look, we all, you know, everything has weaknesses. You know, what are the opportunities? Where where are we going to find whites space in order to grow market share, in order to grow business, in order to grow revenue, but then where do I need to watch my back? You know, what what's coming up behind me that may create a situation where I wasn't expecting? Well, you want to try to prevent that as much as you can. So, you know, I'm always trying to think along those lines. Remember I use that soup recipe and well my recipe is the SWAT analysis. >> H interesting. So is there a research question or a trend that you believe is underinvested in and uh that you're trying to fill. >> You know there is and and it's probably one of the single toughest questions to answer in all of research. And I also like to talk about the who, the what, the when, the where, the how. Now you'll notice I didn't say why. Why is the single hardest question to answer? Why does somebody do what they do? Why is somebody a fan of one team and not another? Why does a uh, you know, why does one fan choose to, you know, watch all his games, you know, on his couch, still calls himself a fan, but yet another chooses to go to games live. you know, Simon Synynic, who was an author and a well, you know, well published author, you know, he he had a book, I think one of his first books was first ask why. Well, you know, I I I also like to say first ask why, but I also like to add why ask why. And the reason why you need to ask why is you need to really understand why people do what they do. What's their motivation? Marcus, there is no more difficult question to answer in market research than why people do what they do. Why do they prefer one brand over another? Why do they prefer, you know, Starbucks coffee over Dunkin' Donuts or, you know, whatever the, you know, the it's the why is the single hardest question. And over the years, I have found that why is generally one of the only questions that can be answered almost exclusively in a qualitative setting versus a quantitative setting, which I am more familiar with and also more comfortable with quite frankly. M >> so but you know I've done a lot of qual qualitative research over the years to understand why consumers do what they do why sports fans do what they do it's not an easy question to answer believe me but it is kind of a you know it's a universal challenge >> in my mind it feels like the why is more subjective why the others how and what might be more >> objective that's also what you said right that it's more >> like it's a It's a qualitative research more than a quantitative one. >> Yes. And and there's a value of qualitative research. I mean, I'm not I'm not going to sit here and say qualitative research is crap or anything like that. That no, that that would be the furthest thing from my mind, but I think, you know, in a lot of ways, Marcus, remember I talked about the soup thing. Well, you know, qualitative research can be like the salt and pepper that you add to your soup, you know, at the end to make it taste better. You know, why consumers do what they do. I mean I've done a number of you know research projects over the years and you know we've gathered quantitative data we've gathered a lot of other data but at the end of the day you know we did the why question and we did it in a qualitative sense and you know we used it to enhance or to you know again finish off let's just say the or or or back up support you know some of the things that we learned in the quantitative sections of our research. So, it's really and it is subjective in many cases, you know, why I, you know, why I chose this shirt versus a different color shirt, you know, this morning, you know, in this case, the why was I knew I was going to be on this podcast and I wanted to make sure I was representing SPR Net Well. So, >> I see. So, you're also doing the the sports fan brand study um that collects data across a dozen of consumer categories. >> Yes. So, how do you see marketeers leveraging that crosscategory data versus just purely sports usage? Because we talked about that before that you only have your own data. Have you seen this? Have you seen more marketeteers leveraging crosscategory data? >> You know, the interesting thing is I wish more marketeers would actually do that. Um, you know, I wish they would, you know, if you're going to buy, let's say, a sponsorship for one sport or one team or one arena stadium, you know, I wish they would really look at what they're getting, you know, in terms of the overall picture. I mean, I have a there's a a college professor a couple years ago reached out to me um about a a situation with one of the major uh soft drink manufacturers and they had an exclusive arrangement with this team and you know the question was the other soft drink manufacturer and you can fill in the blanks whatever you want here but they wanted to know that if they bought the team that was let's say across the street how many of those original fans are they going to be able to capture I wish more teams more leagues more brands would understand this crossfandom idea a little bit better because it's not just about what you're buying, you know, in the stadium. It's not just about what you're buying, you know, streaming. It's not just about that. It's really a bigger picture. And I do wish people would use data to understand what the bigger picture looks like. Um, and and it would I I think would really help. I mean, I I do have a number of other examples, but you know, one of the things, look, I I don't you know, Marcus, are you a sports fan? Just out of curiosity. Yeah, for sure. >> What What's your favorite sport? >> Uh, ice hockey is my favorite sport. >> Really? Okay. I'm I'm a huge hockey fan. I'm actually a fan of the Florida Panthers. Two-time Stanley Cup champions. Love to just get that in there. Um, I'm also a season ticket holder, by the way. >> Yeah. >> So, you know, I I love hockey, too. I love I actually love most sports. I love football. I I even love soccer here in the United States. Hard to believe I'm soccer old guy soccer fan, but I do. Um, but the thing is that, you know, I'm a fan of a lot of things. And when I watch games, you know, I see all the ads, whether it's for insurance, whether it's for fast food, whether it's for financial services, whether it's for credit cards, whether it's for, you know, whatever it's for. And, you know, I always look at, you know, these ads. Some of them are going to influence me and some are not. Um, I can't remember actually the last time I saw an ad during a sporting event and got directly in although I have seen a couple of sports gambling ads and I have to say it has influenced me to open up an online sports gambling account. I don't use it all that much but you know there are things that do come up um you know with consumers that you know look and I think it's really important that you know brands understand you know consumers and how influenced are they exactly by their messaging >> definitely and on that uh topic like fan monetization is what you mentioned like it's loyalty but it's merchandise media experiences from your data Which revenue stream do you seem is underleveraged and why? >> Well, it's an interesting question actually. So, one of the things I've been talking about more and more has been the effect or the let's call it the weight or the effect that sports fans or fandom has on a team's value. So, you know, if you're a winning team and you're growing your fan base, you know, this is not just in the city where you're located, but when you're growing your fan base nationally, you know, a good example, of course, is the Kansas City Chiefs, you know, football team here in the United States. But when you're looking at a team and if a team is growing their fan base, guess what that means? That means now that there are more fans to engage with. So, I like to talk about what I would call active engagement versus passive engagement. So, active engagement is when you grow those activities related to fandom where a fan actually has to make a conscious decision that they're going to do something. Example, licensed merchandise. Are they going to buy you're going to buy more? You're going to buy less. Sports gambling. Again, you have to make a conscious decision. sports tourism. Am I going to go and go with my favorite team and support their next game out? You know, I I don't know. Like, for instance, the Miami Dolphins just played in Madrid uh this past weekend. I don't know how many Miami Dolphin fans went to Madrid. I I just don't know. A lot seemed like there was a lot of fans in this in the stadium. You know, people wearing um Dolphins merch, but I don't know how many fans there really were. But I like to call I like to look at what they call active engagement versus passive engagement. And when I mean passive engagement, it you know, I'm going to do something I said I wasn't going to do, but hey, you know, everybody has their hypocritical moments here. So, I'm a fan actually of the Miami Dolphins and and I I am a downtrodden, long-suffering. There's a lot of words you could throw into that sentence, by the way. But I still root for them. I do. And you know, but the question is, am I a fan who is actively engaged? Do I buy licensed merch, Dolphin merch? Answer is no. Do I gamble on the Miami Dolphins? Answer is again, no. Will I travel to support them when they go, you know, to another city or or, you know, playing an away team? The answer is again, no. But what I will do is I'll sit on my couch and watch the game whether it's via, you know, traditional TV, cable, satellite, or streaming. Will I do that? You bet I will. So, I am what I would call a passive fan. Even though I'm passionate, but I'm passive. I am not actively engaged. Am I making posts on social media? No. Although yesterday I kind of did. So maybe I just again, you know, my hypocritical self just showed up there. But again, you know, do I consider myself u an engaged fan of the Dolphins? The answer is probably no. But I am a passive fan. So I think understanding the difference and understanding the value of what I would call those active engagement fans versus passive engagement fans. Now remember I talked about that swan analysis. Well, one of the opportunities might be to turn those passive fans into active fans, which by the way, the Florida Panthers did with me. I was a passive Panther fan three years ago. They went to the Stanley Cup finals against the uh Las Vegas Golden Knights. They lost, but I became a fan. And I became a fan that not just watches games now. I am now a fan. I I own merch. I would travel to see them play in another stadium if I had the opportunity. I follow them on social media. I have gambled on them a couple of times. Uh and I and I've probably made the the ultimate active fan move. I'm a season ticket holder. So, you know, again, turning fan, you know, looking at fans and understanding the difference between active active engagement and passive engagement. And that to me is a big thing. >> Definitely. And so from the rights holders perspective, how can they with the use of data find the passive uh fans and turn them into active ones? >> Well, I think again you got to look at data and you've got to look, you know, you know, I hate to say it, it's addition by subtraction, if you know what I mean. So I mean when I I do this exercise with people about turning passive fans into active fans is that, you know, I simply subtract, you know, the number of fans they watch. let's say via traditional TV and streaming and then I look to try to be able to get at those fans that are, you know, passive. So, you know, I look at those fans that don't buy licensed merch, but I'm a fan. I look at those fans that don't gamble on sports, but I'm a fan. I look at those fans that are using social media and are on social media and, you know, maybe not posting about coaches teams and games and all that, but I'm a fan. So you really have to look at dive you know this is one of those cases where you really need to dive deep into the data. Um, and this is where really what you can do, Marcus, before you even get into analytics, before you even get into any of the more advanced, you know, tasks is really understand, you know, the data. You know, I hate to say it, I'm a little bit old school. I mean, I'm old, but I I've been known I write things down. You know, as I'm looking at data and as I'm looking at to understand things, I will start writing little facts down and little data points down. All that does is help guide me, you know, where I want to go or what I want to look at from a deeper analytic standpoint or also what I want to talk to my data scientist about. So, um, you know, there's a process and you know, for me, again, it gets back to looking at the SWAT analysis. It gets back to looking at, um, you know, it gets back to looking at data, clean data. I mean, I'm sorry, good data versus bad data. You know the other thing that it does also is is Marcus and this is one of the things I talk to students about a lot but I talk to everybody about this one a lot good use of data is also about good storytelling now I am not a data scientist okay I am just not can I use Excel pretty well yeah because I've used it for a long time but I am not a data scientist I can't I couldn't do multivariant regression I can't do any of that stuff and if I did it I wouldn't know what I was doing anyway. So, but what I can do though, Marcus, is I can take data, I can turn it into visualizations. I can turn those visualizations into insights and then I can turn those insights into a story. That's what people have always looked at me for. Don't you know what? Anybody can quote a data point. Anybody. But anybody can't tell a story with that data. What why do I need to know something? and why is it important to me? So, what is it and why is it? And that's really, you know, again, we talked about the why question. Well, why is it important? Why do I need to know it? What's it going to do for me? So, that's telling a story. And that to me is a skill, you know, worth understanding. And worth, by the way, students, I I tell them all the time, I said, look, you know, it's great to know how to use data and all that, but you know what's really great and employers are looking for? tell a story. Tell me a story with the data, you know, and and I do that all the time. I I will tell students when they're working on a project and all that, I said, "Do me a favor. Put your data down. Put your PowerPoints down. Put your slides down. Get up and tell me a story about what you learned, what you understand, where the opportunities are. Tell me a story because that's what I want. I don't I can look at a chart like I I can look at a Excel spreadsheet myself but tell me what I need to know and and that's what's important is telling a story. That's fascinating to me and I think that what you said like we talked in the beginning that you know some people might be uh critical to the data and what it means but if you can turn that as you said not just saying that this will lead to 10% increase but you tell a story around all of that data where it came from and everything I think that's what there's where you can turn people over to be pro data I feel >> yeah well I actually had a little situation a couple years ago where I was uh talking I'm not going to again get too specific here, but I was uh actually doing a presentation at an event or at a conference and there were some people in the audience for the WNBA in that particular city and I said I said a few things and they came up to me and said your data is wrong. I said is it? They said, "Yeah, it's wrong." I said, "Why? Why do you think it's wrong?" Well, here's what they said. We we we sit in a stadium. We go to games and all that and here's what we see. Here's what we've observed. I said, so let me ask you a question. Have you gone to games in other parts of the country? No. Have you done this? No. I said, so all you're doing is you're using, again, you are going back to what I like to call the self-fulfilling prophecy here. All you're doing is you are using what you see. And the worst part is you're using what you're seeing anecdotally rather than opening up your mind and saying, you know what, maybe what I'm seeing is not only what's happening. Maybe there are parts of the story that I'm missing that I need to understand a little bit more. But no, they took offense. They wanted to say my data was crap and they walked away. You know what you you think you can think what you want, but I know better. I know better. >> So, >> so if someone has that if someone has that mindset from a team that you're working with, what's your way of turning them? Is that the storytelling piece or is there some people that just they can't be turned? >> Some people can't be turned no matter what. No matter what. It's just some people get an idea into their head and they're not they're not budging, Marcus. It's just not happening. In other cases, you know, I what I have been known to do is I have been known to wear people down occasionally. And what I'll do is and by the way, I did that in this case with this WNBA situation. What I did was over the course of like three or four weeks I would send random data points and then at the end of the three or four weeks I I told I I put it all into a story and actually I ended up it ended up getting to somebody higher up in the marketing food chain and they said hey I want to see more of this and that's really what I wanted to have happen. Look whether they bought my data or not you know what that wasn't the goal. The goal was for them to open up their eyes and say, "You know what? Something might be going on that we're not aware of and maybe there's something that we could be taking advantage of that we're not because we refuse to open up our minds and open up our, you know, open up our our our thinking and that's what I want people to do." So, when talking about data, uh, many times you also connect that with ethics, privacy, and there's responsibility surrounding that. So as your data sets now become richer and richer, how do you think about privacy, consent, and the ethics around sports analytics? >> Well, you know, number one is that all of our data that I use, now I can't speak to everybody, Marcus, I can't, but I know that our data I I take three things very seriously. Number one, I take security very seriously. I take privacy very seriously. And I also take data integrity very seriously. I also, by the way, I want to add data security, by the way, also to that that bullet pointed list there. But number one, all of my data is 100% anonymized. So, I don't get the closest thing I would get to being able to find somebody is their zip code here in the United States. Now, zip code can be anywhere from 300 to 700 households. You can't I couldn't, you know, you can't tell anything from that. I mean, it's impossible. you know, I'm not collecting credit card information. I'm not collecting anything that would lead back to you or lead back to even me. So, that's number one. Number two is this idea about data integrity and and also data, you know, accuracy. So, this might get a little sciency here, so I'm kind of putting up the disclaimer before I get going, but so when when we're doing data, there's a couple different ways. You know, people talk about random data or random studies and all that. Well, random's good to a certain point, but we use what they call quota based sampling. And here's my best example. Number one, an architect. When an architect designs a building or or an engineer designs a bridge or anyone designs anything, what do they do first after they put their drawings on paper? They build a model. They build a scale model because why? They want to see how that scale model will perform in a variety of testing situations. They want to see how it's going to look aesthetically. They want to see Well, that's what I do. I build a scale model of the United States population ages 13 and older. So I then you I take age, income, ethnicity, marital status, presence of children in the household, geography, and I'm missing one other point. I then build this giant matrix based on those parameters. I then go fill the buckets in the matrix Marcus based on that data. I mean based on that model. So once I've once I know for instance I if I need let's say I need 24% African-American and I'm not saying I do I'm just using that as an example my data will collect 24% African-American and then will be balanced to the age income well I already hate ethnicity age income marital status and again geography so the idea is that my data is building a cross-section or model of the United States population ages 13 and above. Then once I have that data collected, it then goes through a process called waiting to be able to equal you know the size of the of the US population. So that's how I know for instance that the NFL has 176 million fans here in the United States. Did I collect the responses from 176 million people? Hell no. I couldn't afford it. But I did get you know a large random sample based on our model and then I grossed it up or weighted it up. So you know there is a certain obligation as a researcher or as a marketing person to understand methodology but once you understand it then you move on. You do not dwell on it. Now, I've had some people dwell on it, believe me. And I usually know when I get in those discussions, I might as well just pack up, you know, shut my computer and, you know, tell them have a good day because I know I'm in trouble. But, you know, as a general rule, understanding how it is what we do and then making sure that we do what we say we're going to do. And that's the other thing is that we we we do we put our data through a lot of quality checks. I'll give you an example. In 2020, we all went through the pandemic. Probably the single biggest life-changing experience or from a marketing or consumer standpoint in my lifetime. You know, I didn't grow up during the I did not grow up during the depression. Obviously, didn't grow up during World War II. Um, didn't you know, I have been through a number of recessions, obviously. Um, you know, we've been through a number of bad periods, number of good periods. been through the tech boom, been through the internet boom, been through a lot of booms and busts, believe me. But one of the things that, you know, I I again I want to be sure of is that my data measures what I say. Now, we started doing our our collection in 2020 and after about 200 responses, I put the brakes on. Why? Because I immediately saw that the data was very funky with live attendance. Why? because there essentially was no live attendance. >> You know, you had the NBA playing in a bubble. You had the NHL not playing at all. The NFL was playing with no fans in the stadiums. I mean, it was I go on and on. So, you know what I said? I'm going to take out all of my live attendance questions. Somebody said, "Was that the right thing to do?" I said yeah it was the right thing to do because what I did was I h it it is I am under an obligation to preserve the trends to preserve the you know what I believe is the accuracy of my data. Well by having that question in there I it was it was basically a prescription for disaster. So I took it out took away the disaster and everything went smoothly. And now, you know, you're able to look at the trends. You're able to look at trends pre- pandemic, post pandemic. You're able to see, you know, the differences that streaming has made. Um, you're able to see the differences that, you know, sports gambling has made. You're able to see you're able to see what's real. And that's that's what's important to me, seeing what's real. >> Yeah, definitely. Um, so looking ahead, you mentioned that you've done this for 25 years somehow and a lot of things have happening. you mentioned streaming but also like the so much more data and >> all of the things. So looking ahead five 10 years where do you see the importance of your business SPR net's role uh in the sports industry? >> Well I don't ever see data the importance of data becoming diminished. What I am a little scared about though is I'll be honest is AI. Um you know while I I will start integrating AI some AI features into my data platform. I do not have anything AI related right now. We are going to integrate an AI search feature into our data platform just to make you know looking for you know specific articles or specific you know data points or whatever is easier. But um I'm I'm scared of AI because look I'm old school Marcus. I mean you know I'm I'm a baby boomer. You know, I'm old school. I still believe in people. I still believe that people look, AI is going to be great, but people have to still drive it. People have to, you know, you know, it starts with machine learning and machine learning starts with data and people have to decide what data they're going to put into the machine in order to be able to get out the answers they want. Now, in the case of like Google, they apparently have this goal to put every data point, you know, they everything that's potentially out there, they want to put into that into the cloud, into their servers so that, you know, that scares the crap out of me if you want to know the truth. Um, you know, I I I still think AI plus people equals a winning formula. AI alone, I think we are we are destined to destroy ourselves um and kill the golden goose in a lot of ways. Um and I hate and I hate to be that doom and gloom guy because that's just not me. I'm I'm anything but doom and gloom. I am, you know, I'm glass half full. I am everything's going to be better tomorrow than it was today. I am very optimistic. And you know, I just did I just I do an event every year. It's called Get in the Game. It's focused on helping students of color specifically get jobs in the sports industry, you know, and you know, I talk to these students. I talk to students all the time from school from schools, you know, from, you know, schools like Harvard and NYU all the way down to smaller, you know, H.B.CU and smaller schools and all that. And you know what? In many ways, Marcus, I am very enthused and very encouraged by what I see and what I hear from a lot of these students, but I would hate to see their creativity, their you know, their um you know, their their ability to be able to learn and ask questions and be able to do their do their jobs eventually taken away by AI. That that to me scares me and actually saddens me in a number of ways. But I do believe, Marcus, that AI plus people plus people plus people equals a winning situation. So I hope people never get taken out of the decision-making equation. I really don't. I that happens. Um I mean I um that that'll be a sad day. >> Yeah. Yeah, but I mean we have gone through these things before with like when you know the personal computer and everything with the technology that of course there were jobs that became redundant but also that created more jobs. So I think that will be the same with AI that what you said that I don't think you can get the emotional part from AI so you need people as well as AI and then there will be people working with AI. So of course some jobs will change in that's my personal opinion but I don't think that you know there will also be more job opportunities. The there are some people that would like to see emotion taken out of the decision-m process in a lot of ways and you know and and let's say predisposition um you know I'm a you know again I'm a baby boomer white guy um you know and I may be predisposed to a lot of the things that I'm predisposed to. So, you know, does AI take out my predispositions? Probably does. But I still believe there's a place, you know, there's a place for my emotion, my predispositions, my experience. um you know AI doesn't necessarily factor in you know what happened in terms of you know a brand may have tried something and AI recommends they try you know another brand tries something but that particular strategy may have failed for another brand and AI may not be able to factor that in because why AI isn't doesn't have that experience whereas maybe I do because I sat in on you know I've sat in on a bunch of failed experiments and failed strategies but >> you know Again, I I do think I I I believe in people, Marcus. I do. I will always believe in people. Um, you know, I don't believe in every people, but I do believe in people for the most part. And I also believe that people for the most part want to do the right thing. Want to. Not saying they all do, but I'm saying they want to. >> Yeah, I agree with that. So, you say that you talk to a lot of students and there are a lot of young people listening on this podcast with the aspirations to work in the sports industry. So, what is some advice you have for someone who wants to work in >> Yeah, I think there's really a couple things. Number one is that get some get a good internship, get experience. You know, school can only show you so much. I mean, school, you know, school can show you, you know, you know, point A to point B, but it's not all only about point A to point B. Get good internships. I can't stress that enough. Number two is build your network. Everybody in your network doesn't have to be, you know, respond. You know, just because you send an email to somebody doesn't mean that they don't care. Just means they may not have time. So, build that network. You know, the bigger your network, the better it is. Why? Because like anything else, Marcus, and I, you know, everything in life is a numbers game. Comes down to numbers. You know, even in relationships, you know, you got to kiss a lot of frogs till you get to that prince or princess. Well, guess what? When you're building your network, there's a lot of frogs, but you got to kiss them all. You got to build your network. Everybody you meet, you know, you got to put them in, you know, add them to your LinkedIn, you know, circle, add them to your Instagram, add them to, you know, whatever it is that you use to communicate. But don't be afraid. But the other thing is I tell people this all the time. Don't ever send me an email that starts with how are you doing or I hope you're well. You know what? Because you know what? That is the easiest way to get deleted from my inbox. But if you send me an email, an email that says, "Hey Neil, I know you've been talking about sports gambling and I saw this sports gambling article here. I thought you might be interested. Guess what? Now all of a sudden I'm interested. So, you know, you know, just, you know, learn how to use, you know, the technology, learn how to use social media, learn how to use it to your benefit. You know, don't send me an email that says, "Hey, how you doing?" That's the first way I'm I'm I hate that. I even hate it when people start a conversation like that. You know, I know they're just trying to be nice and they're just trying to maybe be cordial and I appreciate that. Um, but again, you know, hey, hope you're having a great Friday. Well, assume that I am. Move on. Tell me what you want to tell me. So, you know, that's that's also being respectful of people's time. You know, I mean, you know, unfortunately, we're all very what I like to call time impoverished. And uh but unfortunately, Marcus, time is the one thing you can't buy. You know, you can buy a lot of things. Can't buy time. >> That's true. And I think that what you said also that if you said, I I heard you talked about this. Here's a video on that topic. I found this interesting. It also shows that you you know pay attention that you did some research before. >> Yes. >> You know I get pitched a lot now for guests and whatever and you know some people just say like you know to whom it may concern or to hi podcast name it's like it's so easy to find my name like then you have done minimum uh minimum effort in trying to reach out and then what you said then very easy to hit that delete button. Well, obviously what I said or what you know what what happened with me obviously you know motivated you to reach back out to me. Um which you know I'm glad you did. But to be very honest with you Marcus that whole thing was done with AI. >> Oh yeah. >> I there was no All I did was I plugged in a series of you know key parameters into this AI engine for you know look I felt that I wanted to be on more podcast in addition to my own. I have my own podcast. It's called my first job in sports. um I help students mostly um understand what it takes to get a job in sports by learning from the people that already have those jobs. So, but in this case, you know, I thought I had something to say. I thought I had something to offer. I thought I had something to contribute, you know, not just some general BS, but you know, some general specific things. So, I guess general specific things, I guess that would be a little bit uh oxymoronish, but um but I thought I had something to contribute. >> And uh I think I do >> definitely. So, you tricked me with AI. >> I did. [laughter] >> So, does that mean now you're going to delete the whole thing and um you know, I'm never going to see the light of day? >> Of course not. I'm not against AI at all. I use it as well. I used I'm on the same wavelength with what you said before. I think that you need to you know have the AI and the person because whatever it spits out you cannot take that for for the very truth you need to read through you need to check you need to work like with it so I'm definitely not against it but with working with it >> well I mean you know look when I look I when I say the humanoid I mean I had to plug in certain parameters and all that you know look but I also this is really the first time I've ever done anything like this and I will tell you I got a lot of clowns you know that reached out to me and wanted me to be on their podcast, you know, they we're just starting out and we're going to talk about sports and uh I'm like, you know what, get me call me back when you're in your like 50th episode or 30th episode and all that, but you know, I also sat through a bunch of newbies because, you know what, I don't want to be that guy that doesn't want to support new people and all that. And, you know, there were there were some good ones and bad ones. I mean, I I I have to tell you, there was one that was so bad that when I was all done, I ended up writing the person an email, you know, with some suggestions on how to make it better, including dumping his partner. But, um, you know, but again, you know, I I like helping people, Marcus. I think at the end of the day, I I do like to help people. >> I'm glad to hear it. and I'll be on the lookout for an email higher afterwards with the things I >> can I've enjoyed. you've done your homework and good questions and and you know what the the thing here about is then not just because we're talking and and I'm looking right at you but you've asked a lot of different questions and I think that's something to your credit that you've done you know done your homework you've looked you know you looked at what I'm talking about out there I mean talking a lot about sports gambling right now um I have to admit >> there's just so many >> I mean you know yesterday there was another headline in the >> I don't know the Wall Street Journal in New New York Times or I forgot where it was about an you know that the uh NBA has collected all the cell phones from two NBA teams because for gambling u you know possible gambling infractions or gambling indictments and you know I I hate to say it but there's going to be a lot more of that Marcus. I just think that >> sports gambling is fine but I think it needs guard rails. I think it needs guidelines for the players, for the teams, for the gamb online gambling companies, and I also think for the gamblers themselves. >> Yeah, for sure. >> Yeah, >> it's it's interesting because sports betting is huge in US because it was legalized much later. Like in Europe, it has been legal for quite some time, but we also have, you know, the >> illegal gambling issues in all different sports and in all different divisions of the sports. So I think that's always going to be but uh it's you need to counter fight it anyway. >> You know the thing that you know I did a I was in a class a couple of weeks ago for a professor out at Loyola Marman in Los Angeles and the topic was sports gambling and good for fan engagement and then I wrote good for sports in general with a question mark. So look, there's no question, Marcus, that fans that gamble on sport or gamble are more engaged. There's no question about it. They buy more merch. If they attend live, they attend more games. They watch more games. They will attend games live, you know, in other cities, so they'll follow their team to other cities. You know, I can go on and on. They post more on social media. I mean, remember I talked about this active versus passive engagement. Well, there's really nothing more active than gambling in my opinion. Anytime you got to put your money, you know, you got to put your credit card down or you got to put money, you know, that's that's the definition in my opinion of active engagement. However, I do believe that people are people and unfortunately people will look to beat the system and that's exactly what's happening. You know, there was recently the thing with um you know, the NBA player and a coach and you know, and look, I can't ever remember this. I mean, I I watch a lot of mob movies and I love I love mob stories for some reason. I don't know why. And I read a lot of mob books, too, I might add. So, I was shocked when I read the indictment from Tony Bilips and uh I forgot Terry Roger, I think his name was, from the Miami Heat. And they literally named the mob by families. I have never seen that before. You know, usually that was kind of the, you know, the third rail of, you know, crim criminology. You know, let's you can mention the mob generically, but don't go after them, you know, personally or by and they did. So this just tells me that we have this has gone to, you know, this has gone past the red line and uh I don't know how you pull it back at this point. I really don't. >> No, it's a it's a big I mean it can be an episode in an hour episode in itself with the betting and the implications and all of that things for sure. Maybe that's the 2.0 version we do next time we talk. >> Well, you know, here's the interesting thing. There's been there's around 30 million people who regularly gamble on sports here in the United States. You know what's interesting, Marcus, that when initially, you know, they started to allow online sports gambling and the numbers shot up fabulously. I mean, they went from like, you know, people who gamble on sports went from like 18 million up to 22 million, 24 million, 28 million. Now it's up to about 32 million. But you know what's interesting? It's kind of stagnated now. Um, you know, because a lot of states have been a little slow in some cases. They they, you know, a whole bunch of states came on real quickly. Um, and then now it's kind of leveled off, kind of hit that plateau. Look, it's it's going to change again when California and Vegas, California, Vegas, when California and Texas allow online sports gambling. I think in Texas, I want to get this right. I'm probably going to get it wrong, but I think in Texas, I'm not sure, maybe uh California also, they only allow sports gambling in brick-and-mortar gambling establishments, so casinos. Um, and I think it's California that allows it, not Texas. I'm not sure but you know so you'll see a big jump but the interesting thing is that you know once it sees this big jump with new you know new states coming online and things like that you know it kind of levels off the novelty wore off and you know it's it's not as much fun but the other thing I do worry about by the way Marcus is underage gambling that continues to grow right now it represents around 5% of all sports gambling is done by those under the age of 21. Now you're saying hey 30 million 5% you know probably not so bad but um you know 10% being 3 million so you know you're looking at 1.5 million not so bad but it's it's bad in my opin it's because you know what happens is that it just creates a scenario where you know number one you know these kids just don't get it. I mean, they they're they're hit by all this bombarded by all these messages where, hey, you know, put $5 in your account. Everybody has five bucks. Put $5 into your account using your debit card, I might add. And that your parents probably supplement and your fake ID to be able to get around the age requirement. And you know, if you if you win your first bet, we'll put $300 in your account. Well, guess what? A 20-year-old does not understand that. That is not free money is not a thing. Even though they're going to give you $300, that's not your money. You can't withdraw that $300 from your account. That's not the way this works. So, what they've done is essentially have sucked you in and made you, you know, they've done what, you know, what casinos have done for a hundred years. And uh there's a reason why the house always wins, Marcus. There's a reason why. >> That's true. >> And they know and they know it. So, >> that's true. So, I'd like to end on a sorry, >> I'd like to end on a networking question. So, uh, who from your network do you think would be a good guest on this show? >> Wow. I will tell you that there is a couple people. There's a professor at Syracuse University, by the way, where I went to school. His name is Dave Maloney, who's an expert on NIL. NIL right now is probably one of the most talked about things in college sports. It's basically, in my opinion, been the death of amateurism here in the United States. Um, you know, obviously college sports are are I think it's more of a US thing than it is anywhere else. I don't think college sports are as, you know, popular. I don't know. Are they popular in Sweden or you are? >> Uh, no. No, not as much as in the US. >> I mean, they have clubs, they've got, you know, they've got a lot of different organizations, but college sports here is a big thing. You know, Dave can talk about this subject a lot and he's great. Um, you know, I know a number of people also I love to talk about the sports tourism category and I do know an awful lot of people in that category, but but Marcus, that's like a $30 billion business. >> It's a lot of money and there's a lot of people that want to court those g those gamblers those people fans that do like to travel. So I think that's one area and I think another area also is the sustainability of sports fans. you knows how you know how you know you go to a stadium they're you know maybe are they using sustainable materials for cups are they not using you know what are they doing about sustainability but I will tell you there's another category and I think this is a great one and I would I I would recommend this person to you a lot easily it's it's in the category of sports philanthropy >> because remember I talked about engagement active engagement well there is no more active engagement thing aside from let's say gambling and licensed merch and all that than the act of philanthropy giving money to support those causes that teams are backing. There's a gentleman named Roy Kessle who runs a thing called the sports philanthropy network and Roy is so knowledgeable in the area of sports philanthropy because I can tell you that two years ago Marcus I didn't even think about it but now I am. I am thinking about it so much that I've actually added it to our annual study of sports fandom. So, it's a great topic. Hey, I I want to make sure though if you want to try to reach out to me, um, you know, hit me up at sprnet. My email is Neil, my first name neil sbnet.com. We're on Instagram at sbret data. I'm on LinkedIn at SBNet. Um, you know, if you go to YouTube and search up my first job in sports or or Spotify or Apple podcast, you know, will come up. Um, you know, there's all kinds of places where you can get me. If you want to learn more, you want to challenge some of the things I said, go for it. >> Awesome. That's great, Neil. Uh, I think that's a great way to end this podcast. And as you said, you mentioned where they they can reach you if they want to. So, uh, thank you so much for taking the time to be on Sports Management Podcast, >> Marcus. Thank you so much for having me. I've enjoyed our discussion a great deal. Thank you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Provat-z2t: Nice Video❤❤
  2. @Provat-z2t: Data storytelling is truly an art. This changed the way I think about sports analytics!
  3. @WorldMayajal: Love how Vance talked about engaging fans even on non-game days. Such practical tips!

- Unraveling the Ethical Challenges of AI (w/ Psychologist Barry Schwartz): Kind: captions Language: en [Music] [Applause] hello everybody we're here in emerging Minds with Professor Barry Schwarz Barry Schwarz is a professor at the ha School of Business UC Berkeley and Emeritus professor of psychology at Swarthmore College he has written several books about human behavior on topics like Choice wisdom and motivation the Paradox of choice why we work and practical wisdom that one was with Kenneth Sharp he is also the recipient of the class of 2016 con commencement award his work focuses on the intersection of psychology and economics he frequently published editorials in the New York Times applying his research in Psychology to current events schwarz's research addresses morality decision-making and the interrelationships between Behavioral Science and Society his books criticize certain philosophical roots of what certain societies and expose underlying myths common in both lay and academic psychological theories in particular here's a Critic of the rational economic Man model in both psychology and economics his research and teaching Focus specifically on how the abundance of choice in Modern Life both liberates and bevils those who face it he's a fellow of both the American Psychological Association and American Psychological Society thank you very much very for being here with us it's really a pleasure and um really look forward to the conversation I didn't recognize who you were describing and you also left out that I taught you I did that was the the the the best part of it all was having I think I got the chance to have you in two of my um courses at swore so that was definitely the the I would say the if not the most right up there as the most interesting courses I took well thank you so much you were really challenging and interesting to have in the class I and um Professor schz just to contextualize a little bit about what um what's going on in our world our industry and um G giving you a little bit of context of how you see this from your perspective so we're seeing a lot of um the the Advent of generative AI is more disruptive in certain industries than others right I think certain trades are less significantly disrupt at least in the short term than others translation as a language trade and um Falls really under the purview of a large language model and a lot of people begin to question how much um humans are still necessary to produce translations and to translate from one language to another um that gets a lot of people very scared very um um they feel threatened they feel um overwhelmed and there is a lot of qu a lot more questions than there are answers as far as how to move things forward and I guess my first question to you is just from a broader perspective when you when humans are faced with this amount or this level of disruption based on your experience what are key things that need to be thought of or addressed that things that you notice that people typically don't well I don't know that there's anything that I notice that other people don't but the thing that is most concerning to me about this kind of disruption is that there's people are more sanguin about it I think than they should be because you know when people talk about previous technological major technological changes they point out that in the long run these changes have increased rather than decreased employment and has made employment more interesting than it would otherwise have been you know they keep eliminating drudgery and I'm willing to accept that that's true the thing that bothers me is the long run is a long run and in the in you know people don't live their lives in the long run they live their lives in the short run and if it takes 20 years to sort of re stabilize the workplace and the economy as a result of this that will wreck the lives of millions of people uh I don't have a crystal ball um you know it does seem to me that there may be a lot of u a lot of parts of our jobs that will now get done for us which will free us up to do things that are more interesting and more rewarding and that's good but I don't see how this won't in the short run eliminate massive numbers of jobs um and and unlike past technological changes they'll be eliminating jobs of people like us I mean people who are educated well maybe it's our turn to suffer the disruption maybe the irony is upon us but I I I really love what you say because it's something that I was actually looking yesterday at a post saying you know I think cars were developed and I'm not going to cite the exact um year because I'm gonna I don't remember exactly but there but there's there's a big gap between when cars were first released into the marketplace and it took I think maybe 50 or 60 years for people actually to stop riding horses and actually begin riding cars massively so there's there's a gap between the existing technology in the adoption but that Gap has been becoming smaller but even then I think it it just it it goes it's something that I think people really miss out on is whether you're an optimist or a pessimist that doesn't take away from the perspective that you people's lives are lived in the short term and not in the long term and the thing about the Gap it's interesting you point this out the more of a gap there is the slower the takeup the less disruptive the technology is because you're not basically putting turning everyone's life upside down at once you're turning a handful of people's lives upside down and then another handful and then another handful so as the economy develops you can imagine it can absorb these people into new kinds of occupations but when it basically happens like flipping a switch and I think you're right the pace of technological takeup just keeps getting faster and faster so I worry that the disruption will be greater this time than in the past not necessarily because AI is more significant a change but because it will be a change that is implemented more broadly and faster than previous changes you know you have to build railroad tracks and highways you've already sort of got the infrastructure and it's just a question of U developing the software right no I I think that's a a great point the the speed that this can take place because the infrastructure is already in place that is that makes it in itself very different than the agricultural industrial or other I revolutions and I think now this is I guess kind of related but one of the things we're we're at this interesting place that's full of at least when I say we I say we as a company we're we're in this interesting place because we're technological developers so we try to make sense of what's out there and make and turn this into something that's actually useful for people to remain relevant so let's say for instance our position is well it's not a large language model or a human but what a human can do in with a large language model and basic how can you extend these capabilities or productivities and things like that but it's very interesting because when we we try to communicate these ideas to translators for instance and there are M millions of translators in the world their perspective is typically very uh very afraid of what this means they typically will see this technology as a threat as something that's other than them and trying to replace them so and it's very hard to get over that and from just your observations in this deeper psychology of decision making and biases what do you think can or should be done or if this is just the way it is to try to get people moving onto how to deal with this potential adaptation as opposed to resisting it and I don't if if I'm making myself clear but I I guess th to me that's a question that I deal with on a daily basis is will and they may force you to do it in self-defense so it's hard to convince people that they um that they won't be made Expendable and you know I thought a lot about translation because it's what you do and because it actually in a way gets at the heart of what I'm most worried about with AI which I assume we'll get to in a a minute or two but there are philosophers who have argued that translation is in effect impossible uh uh it's a position that's sometimes called the indeterminacy of translation and that doesn't mean that you can't come up with a translation that is an approximation but it's not a completely faithful rendition of what was said in the original because every word in every language carries a huge amount of context and culture with it and finding just the right way of translating it is very challenging and you can't do it perfectly um you can do it approximately and my guess is that really excellent translators are few and far between and they will not be displaced by AI because the subtlety that they bring to the task uh is something that you know AI is not ready to match but runof-the-mill translators you know the people who actually enable me to read something in English replicate um it's and and I think the part of the challenge too is that there we've been under a mechanization kind of process for decades now where like instead of emphasizing um Eng human Ingenuity creativity more critical tasks translators have always been paid by the word so really what's been emphasized is output output output if you don't output enough you're not going to you're you're going to make less so it's not let's say payment has never been um in as a general rule in our space never been based on the quality of the indeterminancy that's rendered it's based on how much is output and within acceptable standards so and this is kind of like in a different frame because now it's not about well quantity can be done fairly easily the question now is quality and and then that runs into all these challenges well how do you measure that level of quality how do you pay for that because now it's no longer a number of hours spent maybe you can look at something for a minute and maybe I can look at it all day and in your single minute you're going to be able to arrive at something much better than I would have been able to arrive at all day so and the other thing that worries me is that if if uh machine translation um takes up more and more of the market our standards about what counts as acceptable can lower to meet what is actually being produced you know uh every now and then you'll see um reviews of books that are written not that are written in language other than English and then translated and the reviewer will make a point of talking about how great the translation is and provide examples you know especially Classics you know Tolstoy was probably been translated God knows how many times one transl said it this way and one translator said it that way and that way was so much better so much subtler really got the essence of what the what was trying to be communicated in Russian so there's a real appreciation of translators of literature but that's a tiny fraction of the Translating that gets done and um and that kind of subtlety and and ability isn't needed for a lot of the work that translators do and and uh in addition to which we you know you stop missing things when you get you stop missing high quality things when they disappear and eventually you settle for lower quality and so and and correct me if I'm wrong but I think part of the basis for that rationale is around that slippery slope uh kind of process where you you start losing quality and you get you continue to be used to losing quality which leads you to lose more since can you talk a little bit about that concept because I I find it such a fascinating concept from a human perception kind of perspective well the way I think about it is that this is all parasitic on a an absolutely pervasive aspect of human psychology which is adaptation uh adaptation is we get used to things and it's a blessing in the history of the species since most of the things that happened to people in their lives were bad and so having something hurtless so that you can live through the pain is a blessing you can go about your life and it just you just don't think about the pain anymore in recent times uh especially in maybe only in Rich societies many of the things that happen to people have been good you still had that and now you're sort of angry because you're not getting the kind of pleasure out of the $50 bottle of wine that you did when you first started being able to afford $50 bottles of wine so it feels like your efforts to have e excellent experiences keep getting subverted by your cych psychology so you you know you get used to a standard because it's what you experience all the time and initially when you encounter it it's um you can tell that it's really below what you had previously been used to and that bothers you but after a while you get used to that standard and people who are coming coming up after you never have had encounters with a higher standard so they can't even imagine that it could be better you know um it's this is a little off the point but I think one reason why President Biden is not getting credit for the economy uh is that although inflation is way down in comparison to where it was uh prices are not and eventually you know it would take a miracle to for prices to go back down to where they were you know three years ago um eventually people will get used to the current prices you know eventually $25 dollar for a dozen eggs won't seem crazy but at the moment what people can tell you is I don't care what do you mean inflation is down I SP I spend 50 cents more for a dozen eggs than I did you know a year ago eventually we will adapt to the current level of pricing and I think people's attitude toward the the economy will improve um but it takes time to adapt uh personally I hope we adapt before November but but yeah that's not what we're here to talk about so but I think that that that that does tie in very much to what we're talking about because ultimately you know this concept of adaptation right um You can adapt to both good or bad but adaptation is a clear driver in human behavior and I can see for instance a scenario where let's say the internet becomes um a machine Wasteland where you know you just get worse and worse content being translated repurposed by machines and we just get used to seeing terrible contents all over the place and that's just what happens but I can also Envision a scenario where we adapt in the inverse Direction and we we become pickier about what we read about what's exposed to us about the quality of that translation and um you know because let's say machines can do it not there's a higher standard for what humans should be able to do now in your opinion like what ends up being a key driver as to whether we adapt to this in a more positive or negative outcome or are there such drivers well no no no I I think you're absolutely right but I don't think it has much to do with us I think it has to do with whether things are getting better or things are getting worse we're going to adapt either way okay if we adapt to things that are at because things are getting better they'll stop seeming like they're better you know they're only better because we remember what they used to be but eventually they're just going to be normal and and that's what's sort of so disappointing about progress is you know a society makes material progress but it doesn't feel like it's making material progress after you get used to it it's the new normal and you know you know normal is okay but every now and then you like to have something that's better than normal and what used to be better than normal uh is just normal now you know there's a there's a comedian named Louis CK who uh after he before his uh unfortunate uh re the revelations about his sexual preferences um he had this incredible bit about how people adapt to traveling in airplanes you know think about it you can go across the country in five hours and there are people sitting in the plane and they're pissed off because they don't have their brand of beer and they're pissed off because the Internet is slow and you know he's saying here they are sitting in the sky in a tube taking you know in the old days you'd have three generations dead before you got from one Coast to the other and now it happens in in the space of a day it drives him crazy you know because we can't just sit back and say isn't this amazing and of course when people first started flying um it was amazing I can remember um um when I was a uh six years old I think we went to Florida on vacation and we had done it once before by train which took a day 24 hours and the next time we did it on an airplane and it was just mindboggling that you could make a trip that's a 1500 mile trip in a few hours it was just mind B but I don't hear anybody getting off airplanes and saying what a miracle I just experienced so so that's the problem I you know we wish we could turn adaptation off but we can't uh and uh and we stop being satisfied with normal but when it comes to content for instance right and I I actually this is interesting because I've been thinking about this for many years I always meant to ask you about it so now you have these algorithms that are basically in my opinion like weaponizing all the stuff that I learned at your classes they're basically using microage of our quirks yeah exactly they're they're they're being being able to capture all of my quirks all of my biases all of my behaviors to get me to perform their desired output so yeah get me in front of Twitter or whatever for as much time as possible in in that sense are these algorithms furthering this normalization process or this adaptation process to anything or like what role do they play like can can they drive this like adaptation in in in in different directions I I'd love to hear your perspectives on on on them well but I mean it's interesting to um to think about um what I find so unbel I find the commercialization of almost everything on the internet um infuriate it drives me crazy and I think the reason I do is that I'm old enough to remember a time when it was uncluttered in comparison to what it's like now uh but my 12-year-old grandson the way it is now is the only way he's known so he's not bothered by it he's not going to agitate to make it less commercial or to control it he's not going to agitate to protect his privacy all that stuff because he just you know grew into the use of these tools in a world where that was pervasive fish don't know they live in water and he doesn't know that he lives in a world where everyone is trying to manipulate them to extract another few cents uh from their advertisers so uh I don't know how you you know every now and then somebody manages somehow to break the shackles of what's familiar and normal and say well this may be normal but it's unacceptable and sometimes that leads to a movement and sometimes those movements actually produce results but you know that's not the way things normally work normally the movements Peter out and uh and the you know the people who are in control just uh pretty much do whatever they want um and we have to learn to live with the consequences so so I it's hard for me to be sanguin that um you know what's good about the technology will end up triumphing and and I should say I don't want to sound like too much of a sour lemon here every time I Google something I Marvel at the quality of the results it just Stupify me I have not adapted to the Brilliance of their search tools and we moved from the east coast to the West Coast about eight years ago and the existence of Google Maps had the most amazing influence on the quality of the move because we didn't have to worry about getting lost and we didn't have to worry about opening up these gigantic road maps and trying to figure out while we were moving what when what exit to get off and what turn to make you know and so we were much more willing to explore than we would have been if we had made the move 25 years before uh and it was you know so we felt liberated it made adapting to a new environment basically a piece of cake in comparison to how it would have been so I don't take any of that stuff for granted um I suspect that a lot of people do but for me every day is is miraculous and I love that perspective I I guess what I'm curious is you're in this scenario you're still describing let's say you you're you're using you have a very cautious outlook on on on technology and this getting used to anything and forgetting what virtuous or good means in the process but you're still looking at Google Maps as a tool you're not seeing Google Maps let's say as something that's GNA render you useless or not effective or compromising your human Integrity you're being able to leverage that as a as a tool now let's say Google Maps got really a lot better to the point where it's actually telling you where to go or suggesting where to go now that kind of like becomes different and I guess specifically as far as like human biases and cognitive processes do you think there's anything that people could be aware about like as far as how their own mind operates and so that they like have a higher hand when it comes an upper hand when it com to their own agency and understanding what kinds of processes are taking place when they that could help them look at these things as tools as opposed to opponents well the way the way people who study decision making have come to think about our cognitive processes when when we we have to make decisions does not is not encouraging because the you know the common view these days is that there are essentially two systems that operate in the mind one of them which is what we are aware of when we make decisions is slow deliberate orderly and we're conscious of it so when we're having trouble making a decision we realize it when we make a good decision we realize it and we realize what we're thinking about as we think about things to make a decision so that if we get it wrong we'll get it we'll do better the next time the other part the other system is fast it's automatic and it operates outside of awareness in the same way that our visual perception operates outside of awareness if I asked you how can you tell how fast the car is moving toward you you you have no idea you don't know what the Machinery of perception is but lucky for you your visual system does and so but what you do know is that you can answer the question how fast does that car go uh which enables you to stay alive in the world um so if your if there's a significant component of your decision making that occurs outside of awareness and that is opaque to you then I'm not optimistic that you can get enough control over that system so that if you're being manipulated as you surely are and will be all the more you can prevent the manipulation from affecting what you do um and so I think I think when it comes to the manipulators versus the manipulator the manipulators are likely to win wow yeah hard that that's hard to digest because I always like to think of myself as the the being able to take things with a grain of salt and extract that salt and find the hidden information but I guess I think you can but you can't to the degree that you may think you can you may think you're bulletproof because you're technologically sophisticated and you're not bulletproof you're just let likely to get your get a vital organ pierced by a bullet than somebody who's not as sophisticated as you are um yeah it's painful to admit I guess that for instance for me I I see my children one of my my 10-year-old loves playing um video games and computer games and I see how these games are manipulating him super clearly and like he they're so good like they he doesn't want to leave and like he'll he'll be upset when we make him leave and um it's hard for me to reconcile that I'm just like him um and well you're probably not just like him you know there's a kind of Continuum of sensitivity but the thing is that this too is something that the people who design these games are aware of so they find a you know it's easier to hook a 10-year-old than it is to hook a 25y old or a 40y old but that doesn't mean you can't can't hook a 25y old or a 40y old it just means you have to be subtler in what what you do um and you know the evidence that has come out in the case of social media rather than games that there was a deliberate effort to find aspects of the experience that would be the addictors you know just as the tobacco companies added nicotine once they found out that that was what addicted you to cigarettes they they boosted the amount the nicotine content of cigarettes so that it would be harder and harder to resist addiction and that's exactly what the social media people did they figured out which you know the like button was the was the Holy Grail when it came to how much people use social media and once they discovered this boy you couldn't get them to get rid of it if you're life dependent on it but what this tells you I think is that rather than relying on our autonomy and agency we probably need to rely on government entities regulating the way in which the technology is is developed and the way in which it is deployed and that's going to piss people off I know there's a kind of libertarian streak in the tech world uh but I have absolutely no confidence that it will regulate itself there's I anyone who believes that is a fool and so that I think we just have to submit to acknowledge that it needs to be regulated by somebody who doesn't have a financial interest the way the tech world does and um the problem is that the people who are in charge of regulating are so ignorant in comparison to the people in technology I'll never forget one of the times Zuckerberg commun was uh called to testify in Congress and somebody asked him said so how does Facebook make money he couldn't believe that he was being asked that question because he thought by now everyone in the world knew how Facebook made money uh but this for this person it was like a mystery it's free how can you make money um so you know having legislators that are 12 steps behind the technology does not encourage much confidence either yeah and and I have to agree with you I mean I don't see let's say Market forces by themselves driving ethical product never have creation but tying this back to the thing you said first where like life is lived in the short ter experienc in the short term but these things all are happening in the long term there's this huge gap right between the release of these things and the regulation that follows so you know people were smoking cigarettes for decades before Regulators said hey no no this is really bad and even then you it's still highly advertised sure they have their warnings and all of that but it's still abused maybe less but it doesn't really fix maybe it just curbs a little bit the problem but doesn't really fix it but in in in your opinion I'm just curious like why do you think I is this Gap in in between let's say adoption and actual regulation is that just inefficiency at governmental agencies level or is that kind of almost a deliberate ploy to allow the first let's say the most amount of profit to be extracted to then be like okay now let's move on to the next thing I you know I I don't know I don't know that I can answer that question with confidence but I think uh you don't need to uh you don't need to be conspiratorial to understand the gap for a couple of reasons one is that the people who are in positions of regulating and control no less than the people they're trying to regulate and control um and so they have to catch up that's one problem uh second problem is that somebody who knows a lot makes more money working for Google than he does working for the government agency that regulates Google so it's hard to get the kind of talent you need even if it's out there because you can't entice them away the third is that there are certain problems that you don't really you can't really tell our problems until something is widely used and used from large periods of time right you know I don't think anyone saw what was coming in social media when they first appeared it just seemed like a novelty it was cute uh and by the time it the the magnitude of its influence started to become clear you the people who might regulate were so far behind the curve that um uh it was going to take a long time to catch up so I don't maybe there's conspiracy I mean no no and I don't even mean to hint at that I think the the key thing for me what what's mindboggling is that I've read research that shows that for instance social media is more addictive than nicotine and yet I don't know how long it's going to take for instance for social media to be deemed illegal go for 18 and under and I don't even know if that's ever going to happen I don't either you know the fact that the house just just passed this overwhelmingly passed this bill to force Tik Tock to sell to get sold was astonishing to me uh and you know they use the tools they have uh I think Banning Banning use of applications until you're a certain age is U that's far in the future but you know requiring parental controls is not as far in the future um uh regulating content is maybe not so far in the future you know there are free speech issues that are going to slow all this down in a way that was not a problem when it came to nicotine although there is still in the UN United States this attitude that people have the right to destroy themselves and all you can all you can do is give them the information you can't prevent them uh and part of the reason why it took so long to really put the screws to the cigarette companies I think was that it's you know I'm telling you it's killing you you still want to use it you it's a free country right uh and what changed people's attitudes about that by the way and here this may be relevant what changed people's attitudes about smoking was secondhand smoke the evidence that started to appear that when you smoked you weren't just killing yourself you were also killing other people that made it a moral issue and once it became a moral issue all of a sudden attitudes toward smoking uh uh changed it was no longer the case that your right to smoke ended the discussion and if you can show that there are secondhand smoke like effects of social media which by the way there must be then I I I suspect that would give you real leverage to um to uh impose more control over the companies that um that produce it don't you think I agree um I just that's a fascinating argument I never thought about the that connection because it that that's where it transcends individual liberty when you're actually harming the other people and you know it's not a far it's not far-fetched you know you know you have this explosion of depression anxiety drugs abuse and suicidality in young people well those people suffer but Society suffers Society loses their potential productivity the society has to pay a lot of money for them to be taken care of and so is it the same as secondhand smoke it's a bit of a an extension but the truth is that when you crush the well-being of an individual Society shares the cost of taking care of that indiv idual and Society shares the loss of productivity of that individual no I haven't read any that talks about this as an analog to secondhand smoke but it kind of is it kind of is and all of a sudden it becomes everybody's problem and not just the problem of the people who have become addicted to social media it's very interesting because if you expand on that you know any any any user of any technology right they're tied in to all other users there's a network effect in everything and we it just it seems it's very hard for us as a society to analyze things systemically in within this network right we always analyze individually yeah but it's hard for us to bring this all together and I I I want to tie this to something that you also were describing which is there's a mismatching incentives right there's a lot more incentive to let's say manipulate than the incen to curb that manipulation and that way and and and and that happens all around right let's say for instance you make less money a lot less money for instance teaching and enabling the next next generation of leaders than you do for instance um selling derivatives in in finance right there's um you there are certain professions and certain traits that are essential to the um upkeeping of and the Integrity of this social Fabric and Network that just seem to be continuously undervalued do you see any kind of way for us to use I don't know even through this technology or through any other mechanisms any way to at some point begin to change these incentives framework or is this just the way free markets work you know I have spent my career as you well know since you study with me I have spent my career ranting and raving about the evil of using Market structures as the tool for organizing every all aspects of of our social lives you know the market has its place that place is not every place but everything you see day after day after day increases rather than decreasing the scope of a market framework so it seems to me at least in the US that that that trying to really curve where the market exerts itself is a non-starter now may not be this way forever but it certainly is this way now and you know right now I don't know how much you care about this but I have I'm a big sports fan and uh it has always driven me crazy that colleges and universities um essentially have professional athletes who don't really get degrees uh and who don't get paid uh on the other hand acknowledging that they're professional athletes is even worse why should you know why should Alabama have a professional football team what sense does it make for a university to have a professional team and what's happened partly in response to the way in which athletes have been exploited in the last five years is that the the the the veil over the professionalism of the athletes has been lifted and now now they can make money not they can't get paid a salary for playing but they can effectively get paid a salary for playing uh and they now are there are people making uh you know half a million dollars um from the use of their likeness and from adverti you know being in ads and stuff like that so we're this far away from fully and honestly and openly professionalizing College athletics which makes no sense to me and it will will it already has transform what goes on uh on the playing field and and um how important it will be to people that the students so-called students actually have time to go to class and do their homework so I see this as moving in the wrong direction in the US um and things will have to get worse before people are willing to entertain the possibility that we need to be looking for ways to constrain the Market's influence rather than exploiting the Market's influence and and here's one let me give you one other piece of this which which is particularly Salient to me in connection with AI you do translation and the thing about translation is that you are indifferent about whether the thing you are translating is true all that matters is that the translation is a faithful replication replica of the original whether the original was true is of no interest to you at least at this moment in in general AI there is absolute indifference to whether what the AI um is scraping uh to to to to learn how to do these U nice um English texts you know langu linguistic texts they have it is completely indifferent to whether the stuff that's being scraped is true it doesn't matter what the question is is it intelligible right does it seem like it's English could I submit this as a term paper uh whether there's a single true sentence in it is of a complete indifference so if the if the source of data is corrupt then the output of the program will be corrupt Visa truth and as we all know what has happened is that it is it's the the ratio of true to false statements in the digital world keeps getting lower and lower you know I'm trying to teach my 12-year-old grandson when he Googles something that he needs to look at the source you know that you just can't trust what you're reading you have to look at where it's coming from and slowly I think he's getting you know he's coming to understand that you have to be suspicious um and that's terrifying to me because I think we without the the the internet we are having increasing difficulty keeping maintaining our standards with regard to the importance of what's true and how you figure out what's true and why it matters to be able to trust the sources of information that you're going to uh and you know I worry that younger people who who grow up in this environment will be indifferent to truth and AI is only going to perpetuate that because it's indifferent to truth now you could do it differently you could create a general intelligence um software that is exquisitely sensitive to truth but that's not what's being done now because it's not the goal the goal is intelligibility not validity uh and you know by the time people wake up and say is bad it may really you know enormous amount of damage may have been done and here too commercialization is indifferent to truth it's expensive to find out what's true it takes a long time yeah and if you're trying to make a buck you're not interested in taking a long time and if nobody's gonna hold your feet to the fire why would you bother so there's a and it's interesting to me the only major application I'm aware of that has not been corrupted by the explosion of financial opportunities online is Wikipedia I think this is it has its problems I don't want to suggest that it's perfect it certainly isn't but it is the only thing I know of that's not trying to make money I don't think it's an accident that the one thing you can hold up as a beacon that we might aspire to is the one thing that is not trying to make money and everything else no matter how pure the idea was that that got them started on the path uh after a while they got shareholders to answer to and they want to be profitable and they want to drive a fancy car and have a house in every state and you know it's inevitable that you start to make compromises and the compromises get bigger and bigger and bigger um until it's no longer obvious why you continue to do what you do because you're not serving the mission that got you started anymore so I have a dim view of the what happens when the market penetrates areas of life that would be much better without it so and in the altern and I agree but in the alternative scenario where you have more regulation how do you make Regulators not just make things more bureaucratic and H problem think problem and you also have the problem that people refer to as regulatory capture right which is um you know people work as regulators and they're tired of making you know $90,000 a year so they then go and work for the companies that they've just been regulating right and and the result and so they know the ins and outs of the regulation process so well that they can find ways to circumvent regulations of various kinds um and they have a lot more resources than the government does um to do that so it's an uneven match but how do you create regulation that's based on let's say design thinking and like overall like architecting a certain kind of desired social outcome as opposed to just putting in barriers you know I'm a reasonably smart guy and I've been living for a long time I don't know how to answer that question if you know how to answer that question open your mouth and yell because man that's that is so hard no it it just it seems to me that we're stuck between a rock and a hard place um because the markets don't seem to do their job it seems to me at least so far you know especially at the rate at which innovation is taking place seems to get getting faster the social fabric doesn't seem to be adjusting as quickly the regulatory Fab fabric also doesn't seem to be keeping up to pace and it just feels like at least based on our conversation it seems to me so much is Left To the individual um to be able to that's right navigate their way we're on our own and when if we're on our own uh we lose so so you know I I wish government were more efficient I wish more talented people would see that as a sensible path um I have a feeling that in other countries where the sort of social uh welfare system takes care of more of our expenses in life so that acquiring wealth is less important it's probably easier to have top quality people choosing uh to work you know in the public sector because their healthc care is taken care of the education of their kids is taken care of yada yada yada so you know they'll have a slightly smaller house but they'll be able to live a good life and they're doing something of social value uh but when you're sort of on your own with respect to almost everything which is the way people in the US live then no matter how much you have it may not be enough I mean who could ever have dreamt that it would cost $80,000 a year to send your kid to college right and you know that's what it cost now by the time your 10-year-old goes to college it won't cost 0 I don't want to think about that I can understand that so so U there's just nothing the the more people have to rely on themselves the more inclined people will be to take a path that enables them to live the them and their family to live the kind of Life they want to live which almost certainly means being on the wrong side when it comes to finding a a a good balance between Innovation and Regulation and let's say for instance just in the hypothetical scenario we were able to arrive at a model that's able to um reverse engineer the desired individual Behavior to for instance incentivized towards very smart regulation like almost like an algorithm that we would see in in social media that like makes me stay there and like this stuff like would drive me towards I I I want to regulate AI I want to learn about these social networks and not just pays me for this but like extracts from me a more ethical or virtuous or conscientious behavior is that the fact that this would Behavior would be manipulated out of me for instance how would that make you feel like if I were able to act virtuously but through this level of manipulation look I think that's the way we are you know you know you know people don't talk about education as brainwashing but education is brainwashing you know you're trying to give people a particular Take On The World and um it isn't just how do you do algebra it's what does it mean to be a good person uh why is it important to be honest why is it important to be kind why is it important not to use racial epithets you know all of this we're being socialized in um and uh so if we find subtler ways to achieve the kind of character in people that we think Society needs that's progress I guess you don't need to you don't need to use a sledgehammer anymore you can nudge people in the direction of being good people and wanting to do things that make the world uh somewhat better and safer and so on uh until we get used to it it's going to feel like we're being manipulated because we are but we've always been manipulated um and uh and they've just gotten more sophisticated in the tools they've developed to manipulate us but I'd rather have be manipulated to get off social media than be manipulated to get on social media rather that my grandkids get manipulated in that way that's for sure well Professor Schwarz really a huge I'm calling me Professor Schwarz very you're too old to call me Professor schz uh the bar thank you so much this was a huge pleasure I mean very eye-opening conversation I think to me the key takeaway really is there the there I don't see easy fixes uh or routes but I do think that we have a much bigger role to play in all of this than most of us typically think of in a on a daily basis and that's personally what keeps me going is trying to be more and more aware of may maybe I I don't have a lot that I can do but I have more than I typically lead myself to believe I think that's right we have more to we have more we can do than we appreciate I think that's right and this was a pleasure Gabe perfect for everybody watching thank you so much and if you like this episode pleas please remember to like subscribe and look forward to hearing more bye bye thank you Barry

  Top Comments:
  1. @belenagullogarcia6865: This is such a great and fascinating episode. Thank you so much, Gabriel, for interviewing Barry Schwartz and asking the interesting questions. Everyone should be listening to this!

- Using Eugene Schwartz’ Levels of Customer Awareness with Private Practices - GYPP #85 - Chad Madden: Kind: captions Language: en hey everybody chad madden here with the grow your practice podcast and in this episode i want to share with you uh probably the single biggest takeaway point from our most recent event so just this past week we were in dallas texas we had our growthx quarterly which was our first live event in 18 months and you know it was great to see uh many owners i i think we had around 100 306 owners registered for the event obviously a lot of craziness with travel and i know a few owners were sick and did not make the event but nonetheless it was great we had lots of awesome partners there from rcs billing raintree prompt emr new fit perry proprio off the top of my head practice promotions was there you know and it's just great industry event uh to get back to it so i want to give you uh something from the opening session uh that i did that when i was talking with a few other owners it was something that stood out and you know the main thing that we were talking about here is the how marketing awareness has evolved within private practice pt and i know when i first met carl years ago quick origin story of breakthrough when in november of 2012 i had uh two clinics um had just brought on uh mike gilbert as a partner at gilbert physical therapy um so yeah we had the two locations we were doing roughly 500 visits a week at the time um combined between 450-500 visits a week and we were primarily direct to consumer at that point so 2008 in our area here in central pennsylvania the hospital systems really started and health care systems really started to buy up physician referrals and we went from an all-time high of 154 physician referrals in a month back in november of 2008 and that was decimated within the next few years we had a 90 reduction there and you know we didn't have the study that was published in the journal of general internal medicine back in 2018 you might have seen it republished by the apta but you know where there was a 53.6 percent decline decrease in physician referrals we didn't have that information but we knew it was happening so we we watched this happen we started figuring out how to go direct to the consumer and the the pain point is that we never had to do it before so in 2015 um we in 2015 we were at uh an association event and you know i've been a long time member uh you know 80 90 of my physical therapy career been a member of pps for essentially as long as i've been a practice owner and so we were at the event it was the first time ever that i was at an event with breakthrough you know as a representative of breakthrough and when i was talking with owners i know um the second that we talked about marketing the therapists didn't really want to talk about that at the time and again this is 2015. i believe it was october november of 2015. and uh we so what i started to do after that and you know whenever we go to an association event most of us are kind of guarded we don't want to reveal how well or how poor we're doing we i in general i notice most people talk about how well they're doing so i just i i would ask a question hey how's everything going in your practice most owners at that time were saying you know we're doing really well and i would say okay can i ask you a question about um your marketing and they would always say yes and say okay so in the last 12 months between zero and 100 what percentage of your new patients coming through the door were physician referral many practices were 80 90 still reliant on physician referral and i would say the vast majority of practices at that time were still relying on that right so what you heard at that time and what i saw at that time and other owners were seeing is everybody that was offering help within marketing at that point was saying well you just need to learn how to market to physicians better or you know there's a way around to get through the hospital gatekeeper or something like that and we had you know been living in that type of uh strained environment for six or seven years and i i recognized that that control was never going to be relinquished things were not going to go back to the way that they were for us here in central pennsylvania you know in the early 2000s 2000 to 2005 at least what i was familiar with in my professional and private practice career and so the thing that happened is by asking that question all of a sudden owners became at least aware of how vulnerable they could potentially be if that would happen in their area usually typically in those conversations the very next thing that they were saying is yeah but you know what you went through in central pennsylvania is not what's happening to me yet and you know over the last few years that has happened and again the research is there to show that decreased physician referrals and i know there are massive exceptions or let's call it occasional exceptions for one or two physicians but across the board private practice pt physician referrals to physical therapy has greatly declined in the last 10 or 15 years the thing that i shared at our growthx quarterly at our event in dallas is if you go back and you look at that original study and that was published in 2018 in the journal of general internal medicine there's a simultaneous increased to specialists so going away from pt going to the specialist and if you think about the hospital the healthcare system the the model um that it kind of has taken over in the u.s um that's that's what was going on right so it's significantly uh lower cost less profitable for physicians to refer people to physical therapy than it is to keep them within the hospital system by the way i know you're probably asking am i insinuating that physicians can be influenced by financial incentive i absolutely am because there is actually research that shows that there is and it's published in peer-reviewed medical journals and uh the quick reference point is uh michael gerger uh talks about this a lot you can go to nutritionfacts.org uh fascinating you know physician who shares the research of really how broken our health care system is and how we make poor decisions uh for profit nonetheless so here we are now we're forced you know every physical therapist private practice pt that we talk with now they're very aware that they have to diversify where their new patients are coming from so all of a sudden you know there's been this plethora of options uh over the last two years of people offering marketing services or marketing how-to for the private practice owner and you know when we started teaching this direct access marketing back in 2014 2015 i'm not aware of anybody else that was doing it at that time here's how to go direct to the consumer specifically within the private practice pt market so anyhow the what's happening is the marketplace is getting more sophisticated and we've noticed ourselves that you know we were doing workshops back in first workshop i ever did was back in 2001. very few people um across the i wasn't aware of anybody that was doing them and pt before 2010 uh outside of uh i think two bill whiteford and neil trickett um but it was it was a pretty rare event that i would come across another pt that was doing a direct to consumer lecture seminar workshop type model in terms of a marketing initiative but now everybody's more aware right so we have to do something that helps us stand out and what i want to do for you in this episode is walk through one tool um that i have found and i think the market might be ready for it especially if you're a little more advanced if you're really into marketing and you really want to understand you know the different things that you're seeing your competitors do whether it is the large corporate pt practice that's in your area that you're competing against the chiropractor down the street uh another physical therapist that's in your area the large healthcare hospital systems the pops practices all of a sudden within healthcare there's a tremendous marketing effort that we have to compete with right so um and and this tool will help you delineate between good and bad advertising as you're buying uh your media share and you're going through and you're marketing your practice how you can market more effectively direct to the consumer so one of my favorite marketing books of all time is called breakthrough advertising and it was written by eugene schwartz off the top of my head i believe it was published in the mid late 60s 1966 67 something like that and the book has gone through various stages where it's out of print you can go on amazon i believe i paid over seven hundred dollars for my copy or six hundred and eighty six dollars something like that for my copy uh four or five years ago and you can get it on uh you know digital versions of it significantly less but very recently for uh the marketing teams that i work with both in my private practice and at breakthrough i bought a copy we had a challenge everybody that um [Music] that completed the challenge i bought a copy of breakthrough advertising for and when we did that we ordered them directly from brian kurtz at titan marketing that's who owns the publishing rights for all of eugene schwartz work right now and uh so anyhow we ordered 20 copies or so and i think we got i think they were around 125 a piece so nonetheless uh got a really nice email from brian uh and i had met him back in 2014 2015 at another marketing event um but anyhow he offered us a a copywriting course which i'm going through um not sure if they have any seats left of that i'm not an affiliate or anything i know we have some marketers uh going through that but the one element in looking ahead at the syllabus that we're going to start with is uh the eugene schwartz five levels of customer awareness and almost any sustaining marketer that i see both online or offline right now who is teaching and this is not just within physical therapy not just within healthcare essentially in any industry they're teaching some form and referencing some form of these five levels of customer awareness now why is this important well when you're seeing competitors offers or you are marketing um direct to the consumer yourself and some offers work and some offers do not this will help you sort out what's going on and make sense of what's going on first of all i'm assuming that you're marketing direct to the consumer if you're listening to this second i'm assuming that you use direct response marketing and direct response marketing most easily can be compared to branding where branding uh tends to focus on the clinician or the the pt practice the whatever practice you know the chiropractic practice the hospital system the physician whatever it may be and a branding type ad will typically read you know we're the number one fill in the blank physician um chiropractor podiatrist dentist physical therapist hand therapist etc in set area right in this area um and it will be all about you know how we're the premier provider or how great we are the certifications or special degrees we have or the special type of treatment that we do something like that that's a branding ad right where you're trying to pump into the marketplace that your logo is the best on the flip side of that is direct response and direct response can nearly many times be anonymous like if you would see many of the ads that we run it's either a very small logo or the logo is non-existent but it's an ad that focuses primarily first on the the patient and their pain and then uh typically what there is um is some sort of information that requires a call to action to receive that right so it may be a report it may be you know click here to watch this video on a simple exercise for if you suffer with back pain while sleeping um it could be a workshop it could be a book or something like that but you get the idea that direct response has a direct call to action where the person raises their hand says i'm interested in learning more and then what that does is it allows us as a clinician to open up a dialogue with that potential patient right so that is direct response there's always a call to action and some sort of offer within the ad so why do we use direct response well number one you actually get a branding effect which is excellent number two you get a measurable roi from that and and it's very scientific so we can be trackable you know if we spend 400 on an ad and we get four plans of care coming through and let's say that you know we're the national average thousand dollars per plan of care we invest four hundred dollars we get four thousand back that is a win right that's what we're aiming to do has the gold standard um just as a quick aside i many times have been willing to spend 4 000 to get 4 000 because uh we also get the branding effect right tons of people are seeing our ads we'll have people that not only respond directly to the ad and consume the offer the information but we also have people that just see the ad and come in via another way right it's another media touch point all right so let's get to the five levels of customer awareness when we're talking about and let's say you want to specialize in shoulder pain as an example now it could be any diagnosis you want it could be neuropathy or back pain or hip knee problem it could be anything you know any diagnosis that you're qualified and you want to attract into your clinic but for this example let's go with shoulder pain so how many people live within a 10 mile radius or a radius that they're willing to travel you know for some of us might be five miles others might be 25 miles so let's go with the 10 mile radius within your your clinic that you're trying to attract patients to so let's say i'll use the example here i'm in central pennsylvania 10 mile radius around our clinic gives us roughly a hundred thousand people give or take how many of those people percentage-wise do you think have suffered with shoulder pain in the last 30 days and in this example but i've by the way i've heard as high as uh ten percent um consistently and i've the other the bottom range is about two percent so let's go ultra conservative and go with two percent so two 000 people within 10 mile radius of this office where i'm at in harrisburg pennsylvania so 2 000 people have suffered with shoulder pain in the last 30 days now are they all appropriate for physical therapy the correct answer is no you know some may need surgical intervention others diagnostic testing um you know to rule out a cervical issue or upper thoracic issue etc but nonetheless 2 000 people now would it not be great if we could somehow advertise to those people and get them to raise their hand with an ad and the media does not matter can be facebook instagram youtube google online could be print tv direct mail radio billboard etc offline but would it not be great if we could get those people to raise their hand so that we could have a dialogue with them and see if physical therapy is appropriate for them so that's where the direct response ad comes in now when we're looking at those 2 000 people there are some offers that are going to work significantly better than others and this is where eugene's eugene schwartz's five levels of awareness comes in and again this is widely referenced right now if you're deep into the marketing uh if you're in the marketing uh rabbit hole like i am like i've been for 20 plus years but on one end of the scale we have people who are very aware and this is essentially you know the person that knows likes and trusts you right they're saying i know you i love you and i want to buy from you so this is your likely your past patient list or it's people that are very aware of what physical therapy is right this is the person that when you start looking at your uh google my business or anything like that like they're just they're looking they're googling madden physical therapy or whatever the physical therapy practice name that you have is and they're saying i want to be seen by you i'm going to schedule an appointment and they're getting your phone number off your website and that's about it right they very little convincing it is just so let's think about this what works best right here for people who are highly aware is it it's a direct offer so if you've read you know my book uh killer marketing secrets or you've been through the killer marketing program or you're following anything that we've done here at breakthrough a direct offer works there so this is what the this is what's dominating our marketplace right now and again this is all healthcare practitioners is the discovery visit right the free exam the free screen um where there's basically an offer straight to an appointment that it works really well so that is direct offer the next level so if they're not completely aware of the problem and solution um the fourth level or the next level down the adjacent level is pro their product aware so they'll say you know i've i've heard of you mad in physical therapy um but you know are you the right one for me do you really specialize in shoulder right so that that's a little bit different they're looking for shoulder treatment they're looking for a physical therapist to treat their shoulder um but they're they don't they have they've never been through our doors they don't know our therapist they don't know what they've just heard of us right so oddly there's a different offer um a different way to talk with that segment of the market right so our most aware research shows us that's about 10 right so 10 of those 2 000 people who are suffering with shoulder pain um know like and trust us and that as you can tell that the numbers are pretty large most of us would be really happy if we had 200 new patients come through in a month right so something to think about there product aware a little more sophisticated level number three the one in the middle is solution aware they they know there's someone out there that that has what they need but they've never heard of madden physical therapy they might not have heard of another physical therapist in the area they're just solution aware they're they're aware that physical therapy might be able to help them number two as we're taking a step back is problem this is you know i've got a problem is there a solution i have shoulder pain what are the treatment options and this is the person that's looking at surgery prp cortisone injection prolotherapy stem cell or anything else that chiropractic care massage therapy acupuncture they're considering all options right laser they they they're looking for a solution right so this again think about that person and how different of a conversation we would have to have than the person who has already been through our doors right and then finally we have the unaware and the unaware is the the trickiest and for i didn't really think about this too much but that was the main thing that we've been trying to solve for you know forever is how can we take someone who is completely unaware of what physical therapy does and uh you know help them get treatment and again workshops are the way um are the way there so and you know this is the person who essentially never heard of us and they're they just know they have pain they don't you know they're not thinking do i have a torn labrum or rotator cuff or anything like that they're not even aware that uh you know there's potential physical therapy treatment for um for shoulder pain so that's the level of awareness and again the big point there is the majority of the offers that you're seeing on the market they're only hitting they're only targeting those that are hyper aware right and that's most of our marketing efforts within all of private practice and healthcare services focuses on that the heavy lifting is when we get to those that are unaware right and so a w working with somebody making an offer to somebody who's hyper aware is the easiest the lowest level of difficulty the bar is the lowest um and again that's just maintaining warm relationships keeping in contact with those via email and uh you know direct mail primarily and then making them an offer um every so often and the other end is those who've never heard of us that's where you know more indirect offers come in where it's it is going to be information it is going to be providing goodwill via a workshop book report uh helpful video something along those lines so that is eugene schwartz five levels of customer awareness and again i i think we're kind of to the point as an industry that we can start to understand that a little bit and when we see you know the competitor ads uh in the local paper or television or billboard um or online on one of the social media platforms we can understand a little bit better about what's going on we can start to discern and we can start to strategize ourselves a little bit better to to target the entire market in our area around specific treatments and and specific diagnoses and programs as well this is uh chad madden with the grow your practice podcast hopefully you've enjoyed uh this episode and the discussion of eugene schwartz's five i know it's a super powerful tool that i go back to over and over again i know i've had some spirited discussions with other marketers around this and uh very much appreciate those discussions so hopefully this how this helps you on your your private practice journey and helps you um attract more people in pain so that they can get back to normal naturally with your services without unnecessary medications injections or surgery remember to visit getbreakthrough.com to access our free resource library designed specifically for private practice growth while you're there make sure you register for a complimentary growth assessment to learn about potential opportunities for growth in your local market again thank you for tuning in to the grow your practice podcast and supporting our mission to help people in pain get back to normal naturally

- Message-Market Match: 2 Ways to Absolutely Nail It! [Gary Halbert, Eugene Schwartz, Roy Furr]: Kind: captions Language: en in yesterday's episode about how to build rapport and sales copy I I mentioned that that was part of a a multi-parter a two-part question from Kevin and he was also asking about message to Market match and there's really two ways to come at message to Market match and one of them is is really a lot easier than the other um but it's it's also kind of reserved for if you are deeply involved in the creation of the offer itself if you're not if you're coming at it from the outside like as a freelance copywriter or marketer you may have to go the hard way uh the the reality though is that both ways can be extremely profitable so let's dive in and yeah I hope I don't know there's a lot to cover here but I want you to walk away with these two ways to absolutely nail message to Market match first things first what the heck is message to Market match uh well it's it's where your prospect feels that you are speaking directly to them like it it you know you that you've nailed it when your prospect for your offer reads your message and they think geez this person like knows me right this person knows exactly what I want right and what the what what is happening underneath the surface there is that the message and the offer are filling a current deep need meaning uh the the person has this like deep desire this deep want this deep whatever and the the message speaks to that it connects with that it's something that they resonate with and um and and the message then leads through to making an offer that clearly connects with that deep need right that current deep need okay so the easiest way to nail message to Market match is well it's in this equation or in this comparison of Market first versus offer first marketing so what's offer first marketing let's start there offer first marketing is where you say oh I have this great idea for an offer that I'd like to take to the market and so I have this great product or I have this great service that I want to do and I'm gonna I'm going to tell people why they need it or why they should want it or you know why they should buy it all of that and the reality is that most offers most products most services and probably an even bigger majority of failed offers product services our approach from this perspective like I I want uh to sell this thing and so I'm going to come up with ways to sell this thing the alternative to that is Market first marketing and that is where so actually let's let's go back in direct response history to the standard rate and data service the the srds list book and it was this big directory of of different mailing lists that you could buy and Gary Halbert taught that you could actually go through there and find a category of mailing list where a whole bunch of people were buying that particular thing so you'd look for buyers lists with a certain number of of names on the list and you'd look for multiple um mailing lists available within that category and then you would create an offer designed to sell to people who had all right so for example a bunch of people bought a handbook on investing or a bunch of people bought whatever health condition uh product right or a bunch of people bought whatever relationship or whatever hobby product or whatever it is right but you go and you'd find these these markets these groups of mailing lists that were available that specifically were buyers lists so you saw that that you had like five people within a category that each had at least a hundred thousand people on a list of of people who had bought a book on a particular topic well well if you want to create an offer that's likely to sell maybe you need to create another book on that topic and go back to that audience so that's Market first marketing and online well we don't have the same type of access to buyers lists but what we do have is we have uh search data and people put High intent search phrases into Google all the time like how to I don't know how how to get copywriting clients right um and if somebody searches Google for how to get copywriting clients well they are predisposed to being interested in some kind of offer that is an answer to that question of how to get copywriting clients right and so if you can find these markets right if you can identify a market like that that is um basically that you are allowed to Target that you have a way to Target that market and then put a message in front of them that is consistent with what they are searching for or that is consistent with uh what they have bought in the past that is Market first marketing and then then what you can do is is targeting driven customization and so depending on your targeting there if you're if you are targeting a bunch of variations of a search phrase you can you know how to get copywriting clients is a little bit different than how to launch my freelance copywriting business is a little bit different than how to you know um I don't know how to get copywriting jobs how to land a marketing job like each of those is a little bit different and they may all have the exact same offer attached to them like the final what you actually pay money for offer but but um aside from that offer right the the messaging that you use especially at the top of the funnel where somebody is first encountering your sales message well you can match that specifically to what they are searching for likewise if you're going to put an ad in a specific newspaper you can speak specifically to uh for example I was just looking at a at an old gear Ben savinga ad where he had four readers of USA Today like special bonuses for readers of USA Today okay cool that's a that's yet another way to get the person nodding their head and saying yeah this message is for me and so all sorts of targeting driven customization is available but the whole point here is the easiest way to nail message to Market match is to create your offer and your messaging out of the market as opposed to out of the offer right and it's it's kind of automatic at that point if you say what is the market and how can I create something that speaks to them well you'd nailed it now there is a much harder way right so obviously that way is reliant on being involved in the creation of the offer and if you if you go back and you um are allowed to for example help name the product create bonuses around the product that make it customized to the specific Market if you are involved in any way in the creation of the offer that's the easy way to do it right because then you can create the offer around the market if you are not able to do that you really have to go after this harder way and we are going to go a little bit deep here um we're going to go a little bit deep here but this is the reality of the kind of thinking that is involved so number one number one it's going to involve research research and more research you want to get to understand the prospect first like you want to get to understand who they are what they want what their desires are what they how they feel like they're messed up um and and their insecurities their their negative feelings perceptions about their self as well as their positive what they what they want right um and I have in my notes Here deep emotional wounds like if you can understand someone's deep emotional wounds you're going to be able to connect with them on a crazy level that's that's part of what we were talking about yesterday another thing that I got out of um uh the science of Storytelling book it talks about the theory of control the theory of control is uh how a character believes that the world will react to them right so their theory of how they can control the World by their interactions with it now a good story oftentimes involves completely upending their theory of control um and then the the development of a new theory of control that's able to to cope with this new and more complex more difficult world well if we want to speak to our prospect on this deeper level if we understand how they believe the world works and how they believe they can get what they want from the world we can speak to that and make our message resonate with that so we're looking for this deep stuff a research like about yeah so like if I'm writing a stock promo it's it's very important to research the stocks and all of that but on a different level I want to understand the investor who feels like they've been completely screwed by their employment situation the economy politicians um you know the markets in general people who who are pulling the strings behind the scenes of the market and making it hard for the little guy to get rich and like all of those deep emotional things that that lead to them basically blaming the world for the fact that they have not you know accumulated all the wealth that they desire to accumulate at one point right and there's a theory of control there as well as the deep emotional wounds right so we want to get to know that stuff about our prospects as opposed to just all the superficial details and another way to think of this is to Dive Into The delts Logical levels um Robert dilts came up with this model of it's it's designed for change work but it's also um it's also useful just for understanding this type of um I don't know perspective on on how our minds work and and what's important to us and so and as as I'm looking at this I'm matching it to the notes that I have elsewhere but I probably should have done this backwards I should probably should have done this upside down um the at the most superficial level is the environment that we exist in and um yeah that stuff is important but that's not like the deep deep stuff at all uh tied to our environment is our Behavior how we interact with the environment um that's also very superficial stuff and you're not going to feel your prospect is not going to feel like um you really understand them if all you do is talk about behavioral stuff right and then we get a little bit deeper it's capabilities and skills like inside going into the human being um the the skills that someone believes that they have are going to drive their behavior and their interactions with their environment um and again like I can connect with you on the level of writing about copywriting skills or whatever but that's not it's not quite as powerful um as some of this other stuff that we're going to get into there there's almost this transition Point here between capabilities and skills and beliefs and values uh beliefs and values start to be much more of a long term and they start to be much more tied to the identity that we feel like we have and so if we resonate with someone at the level of their beliefs at the level of their values there's going to be this um there's just going to be this this deeper connection there so you know you start to get into territories of like religion and things like that but also you know we can get into uh for example uh we get we get into as opposed to copywriting skills we get into the belief that that advertising is sales like sales multiplied through media versus the creation of an image and and good feeling about a brand well if you believe that advertising is sales multiplied through media you're going to approach everything differently than if you believe advertising is creation of good feelings about a brand and a company right um and then we get into identity and that's like direct response marketer right or Christian or Muslim or Hindu or Buddhist or um like or atheist or uh identities can happen at lots of different levels so Nebraska skin could be an identity Californian or maybe somebody doesn't identify with a particular place and they more identify as being a nomad right and there's there's all of these different um takes on identity but if you can resonate with someone on that level and feel like they need to at least feel like they are understood and accepted for their identity um if not that you share a core identity with them like a core identity attributes and then at an even deeper level of than that is is where we get into very spiritual Realms in terms of identifying like purpose and meaning and can we resonate with someone on that level and and as soon as you're getting into the beliefs and values and identity that's where you start to get into uh really really resonating with a market and none of this superficial stuff it makes somebody really feel okay yes so if I feel like I really just want um I talk about roofs a lot it's like a a fairly simple offer if if I just want a new roof that's going to last for a long time on my house um you know some of that stuff doesn't doesn't matter that much um like getting into identity police and values yeah maybe I might resonate with someone more from that perspective but a lot of times I'm just looking for a good price on a on a roof that's going to do a good job of keeping the water out right keeping the weather out um but then for a lot of of offers that are more likely to show up in the direct response World getting into things like identity beliefs and values does become really important now as we're getting into this there there's there's another thing that I felt like I I wanted to include in these notes here even though it does feel a little bit more superficial but in terms of message to Market match sometimes timing matters a lot and in the context of the timing of your offer arriving in the market uh orenkoff talks about these three forces in his book pitch anything he talks about economic forces social forces and technological forces coming together and so in certain cases if your offer is more timely especially in these regards that um you know maybe economic forces have changed maybe social forces have changed maybe technological forces have changed if your offer is more timely in this regard then it's going to be it's going to be something where if you connect with that there is more of a message to Market match there okay this one risks going a lot deeper um so what I'll say is that I included a I included a link to a video that that does go much deeper into this with this episode so check the check the description for that link um but when we're when we're trying to connect with our market and we're trying to nail this message to Market match one of the very important things that we need to nail is their awareness of the problem that our product is solving right and um and and I have my own copy formula that's the Pisa problem agitate invalidate solve ask or ask for action and Eugene Schwartz has his Market awareness spectrum and at one point I realized that they lined up perfectly and the market awareness Spectrum using Keith krantz's upside acronym is unaware problem aware solution aware you aware and deal ready and so um if you are speaking to the segment of your Market who is largely unaware of the problem but perhaps is starting to notice some symptoms you have to speak to those symptoms and make them problem aware you have to educate them about the fact that they have the problem in the first place now that leads them to being problem aware which is the next step and you have to agitate the experience of the problem and the experience of letting the problem go unsolved the emotional experience um so that they are looking for a solution and so that they can realize that they don't have to like live with this problem for the rest of their life right so on one level that starts to make them solution aware that they they're aware that a solution is possible but at the same time you want them to choose your solution right so you have to then as they start to become solution aware you need to invalidate the other solutions that are out there you need to say like this this approach to the problem doesn't work this approach to a problem this approach to solving the problem doesn't work and those those approaches can be going with competitors trying to solve it themselves or um or just leaving the problem unresolved right so you want to invalidate the different solutions that are that exist in the marketplace and then they start to really become you aware that you are an expert on solving this problem and so at that point you define the ideal solution for them right you define like okay so if you really want to solve this problem here's what the solution is going to look like and then at that point they say like I'm ready for the deal right I'm ready for the solution and so you give them a way to take action on being ready for the solution right you you make your offer at that point and um this works in the context of of the message to Market match because because if you're connecting with these people at this different level you you essentially push them down this this uh slope or whatever uh you know push them down the hill and they um the the natural direction is that it leads them to action and so if you're connecting with your audience and trying to get message for Market match and they are very aware of the different solutions available in the marketplace you may not need to spend a bunch of time like folks focused on defining the problem and agitating all that they may be there right and so you may want to focus more on the invalidating other options and defining the ideal solution and getting them to take action whereas if we're trying to go for the broader audience that is usually a much bigger audience of people who aren't um quite sure what all the symptoms of the problem mean um you need to speak to those symptoms of the problem and help them Define the solution and go higher up the awareness Spectrum there foreign with all of this awareness about our product our service and our market and trying to connect these all together usually your your message is going to fall under one of these three big idea types that I teach in my high velocity copywriting program one is the Urgent problem so if you have this urgent problem I understand the problem I will help you solve it 10x opportunity is like the the lacking of the desired result being the problem but um I don't know that's that's maybe not a great description but but a 10x opportunity is basically saying hey I have this 10 times better way for you to get the the the res this I'm sorry that to fulfill the desire that you have right now right like you have this desire to achieve whatever result I have a 10 times better way for you to do that and let me show you how that works right or an imminent prediction is something is going to happen that is going to create either an urgent problem or a 10x opportunity for you and I can help you um make the most of the opportunity or solve the problem even as it's just starting to come up and we could go a whole lot deeper into that but um in the interest of time in this episode I'm not going to do that at all but yeah like as you are identifying um you know what is my market aware of what are they interested in like what what are their personal like deep core wounds that they want to have resolved all of that um how does that play into some kind of idea that connects your offer your product your service to those things in the context of defining an urgent problem or defining a 10x opportunity or defining an imminent prediction that's going to make everything much worse or much better for them and when you do that you know like I said this is the harder way to nail messaged Market match but when you do that it can be just as powerful if not even more so so for my call to action for you at the end of this episode I want to ask you I want you to ask yourself how can you use this lesson uh going forward don't forget to like And subscribe so you get more content like this delivered to you and I'll include links in the description to my high velocity copywriting course uh to the message Market match video about the Eugene Schwartz awareness model as well as my Paisa formula and I will also just link to more information on btms Insider's membership that's my streaming library of copywriting and marketing courses where you pay one low fee you get instant streaming access to everything I'm Roy for this breakthrough marketing secrets that's the btms and btms insiders and I will catch you again in the next episode I'll see you soon bye thank you once again for tuning in to this daily episode of breakthrough marketing Secrets remember check out the links with this episode for even more value now make sure you like comment share subscribe and engage in every way you can to keep this show going and growing and delivering daily value to you I'll catch you soon for your next big breakthrough

  Top Comments:
  1. @royfurr: What do you think?  What’s your single-biggest takeaway or action item from this episode?
  2. @KevinDawson888: Thanks so much for this training. Absolutely crucial before a single word is written. Anyone who doesn't have this info needs to sign up for your training, as you cover this extensively.

- 32 - Understanding Customer Awareness Levels: Eugene Schwartz Model Explained: Kind: captions Language: en Now, in the discussions that we have had so far, I have repeatedly focused on the fact that you have to understand the overarching things , understand the strategy, grasp the concepts as to what is happening. The more aware you are about the market and your customers, the more you will be able to write good copy. That's why a great copywriter has passed away by the name of Eugene Shotts. There is a book by Eugene Sz which is very valuable. In that he has explained the concept of this thing which he has termed as audience awareness levels. At any time, in any market, there are people with multiple awareness levels. So if I tell you the first types of it, what are those different levels of awareness and what is the concept behind its over arching. So first of all it happens to be unaware people. These are the people who have no idea about anything. What is their problem etc. Then there are problem aware people who know what their problem is? I will now tell you an example of this in depth. Then there are session aware people who know what is the session of this problem? Similarly, there are product aware people. Those present there know what the session is and which particular product is better for that session and ultimately they are aware people. This is the segment of the market that knows about everything. Now that you have to write the copy, when you do copywriting you should know what is the awareness level of your audience. Because if, for example, you write copy for an awareness level that doesn't know what's being discussed or what's being talked about or what's the problem being discussed, then they won't listen to you. An example of this is, suppose when I was in the first year of university, I did not know that one does not get a job after graduating. The situation is bad. There are no jobs. So this was my stage one. I was unaware of the problem. I was completely unaware in bliss and peace that I have come to UET, I will go as an engineer and there will be a line of companies, whereas it was not like that, so I was unaware, I was in a dream world, then came the second year, in the second year I met my seniors, they said, brother, what world are you in, there are no jobs outside, at that time I got into panic mode, I said, I was in the second year, what do I mean, there are no jobs, then where have I reached, so at this point I identified my problem, the absence of jobs, and if the stage of my awareness is calculated at this time, then it comes as problem aware. That means I found out my problem. I did not know about the problem earlier. I was free, now I found out the problem. Now I started getting scared. Then comes the next stage. When I went to the third year of university, I realized that this is a problem. Now what are the ways to solve this? So how can I give him that advice when he doesn't have a job? How can I get a job? So I found out that I can get my CV written by someone. I can prepare for interviews so that I can give better interviews. I can do an internship at a company. So I got three sessions regarding my problem of not having a job. So at this point I became susceptibility aware. Now I know what my problem was, I did not know what the problem was earlier. Then I found out that this was the problem. Then I found out what are the three different ways to solve it. Now I went to fourth year. Became Big Boss in the final year. I was in my final year, so I had long hair. People used to say stay away from it. Don't know what he will do. But deep inside I knew I wouldn't get a job right now. So now in this fourth stage, I had done some homework in the third year as to what are the potential options that I can explore. So in the fourth year I came to know that there are three options and I selected one for myself. On the basis of research and talking to people, I realised that getting a CV written is a very good thing. The better your CV, the better your chances of getting a job. The interview is a matter for later. If you don't like the CV then the interview will come. Ok? So, this was in my mind and suppose in the fourth year, now Shahzad decides that he has to take CV service or learn CV writing so that he can make a good CV and get a job. Now at this point I explored the market to either get my CV writing done by someone or learn it. So now I am getting locked in on a particular brand, a particular business that will make me do one of these two things. And when I graduated and I realized there were really no jobs. I can't find it. So at that point I now have complete understanding of the market. I know what are the solutions to my problem in the market. I want to know which one is a good session for me? I know who all are providing this session in the market and now on this basis, at the fifth level, at the most aware stage, I go to someone's product and I also know about a particular company who is selling this product, hence I have also read their reviews from them. I have also read his testimonials. And at this time I am just comparing to the maximum that friend, I will not buy from this company, I will buy from this one. So this is my most aware state as a customer. Suppose you are writing copy now. Your client comes and asks for CV writing services. He says Shahzad, write this copy for me and sell my CV writing services. So if you were to write copy that targeted first-year university students, what would they say? They will say, who are you? I am this engineer. I came to the university in the first year. I don't need a CV needle. I will do it. But if you go and put the same problem in front of second year student Shahzad that Shahzad, you know that there are no jobs in the market, yes he will say yes I know, then I need a solution, yes I definitely need it, get your CV written, so in this way you have to make sure that in which segment the audience for which you are writing the copy belongs, what is their awareness level, how sophisticated is they, how much do they know about these things and then on that basis you target them. Now here again the issue of content and copy comes up that if you have to educate a first year child then what is used for education ? Article writing, blog writing or content overall for information and education. But as he progresses further in his journey. So now he is becoming aware. Issues are coming to the fore. As soon as the issue arises, you will present the solution to that issue to them through copywriting. He will take action on that. You will start getting sales. The better your client's solution is, the bigger the problem he is solving, the more money your client will earn and in return, the better copy you will be able to write and the more revenue you will be able to generate for them. So, these were the awareness levels. Developing an in-depth understanding of these is imperative for a copywriter. And now that we have it. Let's move on to the next video.

- Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication - Reinhard Schwarz, SAP | Digitalk 2015: Kind: captions Language: en serious stuff now and do you know how how you can identify whether stuff is serious or not look at the percent is wearing a tie that make it a serious topic I will talk about simplification today very much and I'm actually considered in in in central Eastern Europe as an ambassador of simplification but before I'm doing that I would like to to say thank you to my Bulgarian colleagues who made it happen to me for me to talk here which is a particular pleasure because I have a personal connection to Bulgaria I literally started my professional career here in the country and I really do like Bulgaria for various reasons from an SP perspective as you heard already we we have made a significant investment here we do have 600 IT developers working on our leading edge innovations so we're in constant contact here and that's possible only because there is a great cooperation with universities and there is a number of big talents in this country and that's the reason why we made that investment aware you are continuing that but another reason is and and that's actually pretty well represented in this room and this is actually the fact that there are so many startups in Bulgaria and somebody might ask why not why do you believe startups are so important for a CP and they are so we do have a global program actually and they very close strategic cooperation with 2100 startups already and as an enterprise vendor we do have quite obviously a strong interest in large corporates because this is actually where we made historically most of the money we make but quite recently GP was was actually confronted with the fact that the maturity level of ERP solutions actually more or less in all our markets is coming to an end so we cannot grow in that space anymore and what we are looking for is actually innovation and this innovation actually in our strategy has two elements the first element is of course to innovate in our core space in the air P space and we just recently introduced the fourth generation of our ERP software but the second and probably more important arm of our strategy is let's say business innovations and when we look at large cooperates they struggle in innovation because what they do primarily is they keep the lights on right if you're a large corporation you're quite busy with your with your operation with your with with actually competition from outside but the hardly in wait actually but it's the nature of a start-up to innovate right so there is a new business model that nobody was thinking about where typically no software or no IT support exists and what we do is together with startups is actually to Co innovate we look at the business process we are providing a platform which is called a sub HANA platform and together with startups we develop new things new innovations and ACB we truly believe that is the future actually so going to my to my second slide and I hope I know how to operate this and it's a fun story actually because when I was showing that picture to my wife asked what do you see and she said well I do see choice they know it's not choice its chaos its complexity so for all of you who do see choice on that picture please do me a favor to see complexity because I like to use that picture is a metaphor for IT systems and I really hope that they are not too many ASAP officials in this room we actually invented the European number of years ago we kind of reinvented ACB with release three and we actually improved a lot how we do enterprise resource planning globally but then quite honestly we up ACP actually was following same trends like every other IT company and what we did when we were introducing new things we added another layer to our IT infrastructure what does it mean huge complexity and at the end you look at a system where they are probably hopefully two experts who know what they are doing who know how they the system is operating and if one of the tools is disappearing you're in big trouble if both are away then you're in huge trouble so what what we actually introduced recently is and this is actually the picture that I would like to talk about a little bit is which areas of business did we touch and why do we believe that we are actually extremely well prepared for new innovations and why are we doing it simply I mean when you look at history complexity most probably is the is the worst killer on this planet so the typically the simple survives this is true for the dinosaur ear this is true for companies when you look at it at recent business examples where large companies actually became too complex and simply disappeared from the marketplace so simplification in our belief is everything and one of the aspects of simplification and this is actually something we're confronted with on a daily basis particularly from the younger generation which is represented in this room is D recipe your user interface sucks and quite honestly it does when I look at the majority of our implementations they are not fancy by all they are typically not not user friendly and the user interface is typically not smart and the the transformation that took place is actually that that the user interface as such is not predefined so when our engineers are developing a new business use case they do not know in advance with which user interface that the whole solution will be consumed at the end or would you believe that somebody into ten years ago would would have known that the smartphone or the iPad or any other device that recently was launched would exist actually and the lifecycle is is long so what we did we entirely entirely decoupled user interface development from our business use case or from our software development and there is an own Development Center actually in charge of user experience and they do independent development of the latest art of technology if you like and and this makes actually are a software now consumable consumable with whatever device is available today and might be available tomorrow more interesting than this and I think you have heard a lot when talking to ACP is this real-time thing and I have always daily discussions with customers where our sales reps we're going in saying the well with this new technology you can increase speed dramatically and I don't know your report is coming up five seconds faster than it was before honestly nobody cares or at least nobody would make a an investment of any kind just to improve performance of a report that's just not business reality we totally fail on that but the real thing about real time the real thing about the advantage of that technology is actually that that you are changing the the way you make business potentially and I'll give you an abstract example imagine you are running an operation in the United States so your headquarter here in Sofia and your your subsidiary in in the United States and you work together with them and from time to time a physical meeting is necessary you jump into the plane and it takes you I don't know eight hours flight so that's that's reality a couple of years ago when Concorde was flying over the Atlantic Ocean it took you four hours of five hours maybe does this four or five hours make a difference does this justify a ticket price three times the regular one no it doesn't and what happened it disappeared Concorde is not flying with the Atlantic Ocean anymore because that's not a missing advantage that you're looking for but just imagine for a second that somebody would be able to provide a transport from Sophia to the United States that takes you there in five minutes that's the paradigm change this is actually what changing the world and this is actually what changing our customers life this is actually changing business so if if if performance improvement is actually changing so much you have to rethink your business strategies and I will give you an example afterwards which is more practical than this one allow me to be five seconds a bit technically to hunt for you to understand what really happens with with our software but what we have done what is actually this simplification all about and I will try to make it as simple as possible let's look on the on the left side of the of the picture which is actually representing the old world this is the way we were doing software in the past our three if you like typically you have an operational system which is transaction based and your transaction system is actually posting posting data into an operational data store from the operational data store you take the data you're creating aggregates you're making calculations you put it somewhere into a data warehouse from the data warehouse into a data Mart and then you're trying to report on this which is all fine and this was actually necessary in order to get to any kind of performance with gastly database it has a big disadvantage let's talk about the disadvantages of that model first of all you're doubly cating data like hell if you look at at classic europe installations each and every data is doubly cated at least five times and their installation it goes up to 20 so you're doubly cating data it's not smart because that costs money right secondly you're aggregating based on assumptions right you have an org structure which is defined today and based on this orcs you're making any kind of aggregation which are stored again and then you have it and then of course management decides to change something and what you have to do is you have to totally rebuild your aggregates okay but there was no other possibility because within with a database driven with a classic database driven architecture there's no other way to do this going to the right side which is actually the new world which is actually Hana if you like here each and every transaction stays in the system as it is and we are not building any kind of aggregation for the purpose of report or for whatever reason we just keep the original data in an in-memory database and the moment you need to analyze the moment you need to read that data actually you read it from your in-memory database which is actually on the spot real time and you're building the actor aggregates on the flight so two big big advantages first it when trees advantage node application secondly ultimate liberty when it comes to two aggregations because the only thing that triggers the aggregation is the formula and the formula you can change on the spot you can change your your work structures whatever you do because whatever you are reporting on is actually on the spot calculated so that's the paradigm of of hana technology and this is actually something that we take into consideration for all our software development when it comes to our our software but actually that is something which is available for us well and which is heavily consumed by startups around the around the globe they're using the same technology in order to build their use cases on a real-time real-time platform if you like so let's let's talk about the ddd about the topic that i'm tired to talk about to be very honest it's big data big data is everything everybody's is Big Data in fact it's so much mystified that I think nobody actually really understands what it is but but I wanted to actually view with one information only there is no business on this planet for which big data is not relevant what I mean by that is consumer behavior social media whatever sauce it is structured unstructured data it's only when you are leaving let's say your own data world your own data space irrespective if the amount of data is really big this is actually big date and this becomes more and more relevant this is actually digital transformation if you like and this is changing business so much when you look at your own business today look at the competitive environment and let's talk in five years again I tell you that the environment your competitors will look totally different totally different companies go into various different markets actually they're using their own install base they're using their own customers for various topics and they might become your competitor tomorrow already and now the the concrete example and this is actually what I took from my home country I'm an Austrian actually and I was once approached by an Austrian company and I didn't actually know the company I just the guy just told me I'm from hog Lightner does anybody know how flight in this room ok so then the story is less fun for you probably but it was a lot of fun for me so I met the CTO as I saw I ran out I I was just listening your keynote and I I do understand you're doing this innovation business and I have an idea I want to be highly innovative and it's it's actually about big data it's about real time and it's a huge challenge for us and I think it could make us ultimately competitive so our you're the CTO of hochleitner I'm really sorry but I don't know the company what's the business that you're in and said we're in the toilet business and the guy I was looking for the chem so where where's the hidden came actually making jokes about myself and is it not honestly I'm to be a bit more precise I'm in the public toilet business okay that makes it much better of course what's what's your problem seriously I mean I just didn't want to make jokes about the potential customer and said honestly we are operating public toilets to be cleared at gas stations at large events and event centers of multiple hundred thousands of people attendings are working globally and we do have a huge problem and it's a hygiene problem again it's getting even more funny I said what do you mean by that let's imagine a case you go to a toilet after a car ride and it's already urgent because you couldn't find a gas station you get to the toilet you do your business and then you're realizing there is no paper in the dispenser so this is a very bad situation for the person as such but it could be a bad situation for the for the operate of the toilet as well because people getting creative and let's not go too deep into that so he said what if the dispenser actually would realize a sensor in the dispenser would realize that it's running out of paper and as soon as the last guest leaves the toilet it's getting locked automatically and they a signal goes to the supplier to refill actually that the paper dispenser and believe it or not and I don't have the time unfortunately but we were you talking about 20 different real-time use cases with this customer and then I realized this is a true business case actually we we sold Hana it is a real real time supported actually business case for which and you have sure you you agree to that there was no standard application actually on the market available and it was just this company that was looking at the process a little bit differently and cost savings due to this project actually was so massive that rent run of investment was less than a year so the the reason I was giving that example first I think it's funny second it's an Austrian story but thirdly and that's the most important thing I do believe it shows that that the possibility is that the use cases actually that we are able to address are really more or less endless the only thing is it actually it's in our imagination it's in our heads actually brains in our ideas actually what to do and how to actually become better than others and to innovate and that actually brings me to the end of my presentation thank you very much and wish you a beautiful day you

- The 5 Levels Of Market Sophistication Training: Kind: captions Language: en yo what is up guys welcome to the training um basically this training is going to be about the five levels of market sophistication um as you can see from the title so what does this mean what is market sophistication um this literally just means how aware your prospects are of your product your service whatever you're selling um that's what marcus sophistication is so there's five levels of this awareness of this sophistication um in every single market and that's what we're gonna dive into really quick um for real though this training is probably gonna be less than 10 minutes long so this is a very crappy pyramid and what i'm gonna do is draw levels in it so this is four and that is five all right so down here is going to be level one level two level three level four and level five um so market sophistication level one is if your product is brand new um this is if nobody knows what you're selling nobody knows of it nobody knows that it can solve whatever problem they have so in level one of market sophistication advertising is super easy writing copy is super easy um because literally for instance in the weight loss niche market sophistication level one is literally just lose weight that's literally it lose weight exclamation point now people are aware that they have the problem but they don't know that there's anything that can solve it and you're like hey lose weight here's the answer to your problem um so then what happens is a lot of people do this a lot of people you know make new products like if they see one hit they'll start making it and then what happens is you go into phase number two awareness level two um and in level two you have to enlarge on the original claim so level two would be like lose weight instantly right so we're enlarging on our original claim and we're adding like a time frame too you don't have to add a time frame it doesn't have to be that and we'll go over some more examples in a second but just for example i'm using weight loss because it's easy so lose weight is number one number two is lose weight instantly you're enlarging on the original claim um and then what happens is a lot of people do this and then you move into phase number three now phase number three is when you have to add what's called a mechanism which is really just a feature of your product that you can emphasize um that adds further validity to whatever you're selling or whatever problem that you're solving so number three for weight loss would be lose with our new vinegar drink or something like that you know something that is a mechanism so if you're selling some kind of weight loss drink is what i'm basically going after um it's lose weight lose weight instantly lose weight instantly with our new vinegar drink so this is like the mechanism within whatever you're selling um which you've seen i mean if you just look around the fitness industry that's literally the vinegar drink was just recently like that was a big thing that was a new mechanism that caught fire a new product that caught fire but it was still the same problem that it was solving um so once you do number three um you move on to number four market sophistication level four which is going to be i'm gonna just draw an arrow out here because i'm not going to be able to fit it all in that box so this is people have heard a lot of claims and now you have to enlarge on the um or people have heard a lot of mechanisms in the claims and you have to enlarge on your mechanism so it's all new causes man or woman i'm just using man because it's shorter to 40 pounds in four weeks right so the mechanism we go from focusing on the product right so we went from focusing on the solution to the product to focusing on what the product does and then we went to focusing on or not focusing on but adding in a mechanism and then in stage four all the focus is on the mechanism and what the mechanism does for the prospect okay so it's literally switched from just talking about the problem in level four to this advanced of an ad which is what you see in a lot of markets today because the sophistication is super high in most markets um so then number five is um where the prospect has heard all the claims they've heard all the mechanisms they've seen every single type of headline or ad copy that you can come up with um so now instead of focusing on your you can either there's two options you can either introduce something all new an all-new product which is kind of what this vinegar drink was or you can start identifying the prospect instead of focusing on the problem so what i mean by identify is identifying their pains um things that they deal with so it's like for weight loss it would be um let me just drag this up here for weight loss it would be hold on tired of being scared or of being self-conscious no that's too direct that's too direct that'll make people mad so i'm going to say i can finally take my shirt off at the beach and not feel self conscious right well i'm gonna just draw squiggly here so it cuts off um so this would be level five so now you're switching from identifying the product you're no longer identifying the or the problem i mean you're no longer enlarging on anything you're not using any mechanisms like you were here you're not enlarging on the mechanism now you are 100 just going after the prospects feelings you're identifying the prospect now this is when a market can like it's not stage five until competitors are dropping out like freaking flies um that's whenever stage five happens so let's go i'm gonna scroll up and we're gonna do stage one for a couple different things um so like for teeth whitening um stage one stage two stage three stage four stage five so for teeth whitening stage one would be i'm gonna draw these dashes out stage get white teeth and then stage two would be get white teeth in less than 10 minutes which you've recently seen snow teeth whitening you see that high smile teeth used to do that but now it's moved to stage three which is um white teeth in 10 minutes our patented formula so that would be stage three and then is like what you've probably seen which this same this whole same claim right here but added to it i'm not gonna rewrite it all added to it dentist approved just all this random stuff vegan friendly all natural right so they're further enlarging on their patented formula which is their mechanism by saying that it's friendly and all natural and then stage five is where it's definitely approaching um especially like with the charcoal teeth whitening companies like those dudes dropped like wildfire like i don't even think that makes sense but those two dropped out of the game really really quickly after they were trending um so the fifth one would be i'm not ashamed of my smile anymore or something like that something that just identifies with the prospect's pains okay or their desires um what they're wanting so like we'll do one more example um just to like kind of demonstrate it for you guys but it's like the biz op space like right now starting an agency is huge dude i could not steer you clear of starting an agency more so for bizop let's say it's just an e-commerce store um stage one is literally just make more money i'm gonna do circles this time um or whatever these little backwards see things are make more money right so this is the initial claim whenever people were talking about shopify when it first came out with shopify and facebook ads selling cat t-shirts um make more money and then number two was make 10k in 10 days right enlarging on the original claim is what that is make 10k in 10 days the number three would be new drop shipping method right and you guys have seen you guys that have been in this industry for like four or five years you've seen all of these like you've probably seen all of these claims happening um make 10k in 10 days with our new drop shipping method and then number four enlarging more on the claim um which is just giving more proof of that mechanism um or i'm enlarging more on the mechanism which is giving more proof more backing evidence more things that make it like increase the validity of the statement so number four would be make 10k in 10 days with our new drop shipping method what i've seen for number four in the space is a lot of people using like testimonials like how like alex i think his name is alex beck or it might be like alec beck or adam beck i don't know it's something like that um but he says like he'll target people by state and be like how a like tennessee college student made 120k drop shipping or selling drop shipping products online right so you have 120k which is going back to well i'm gonna do this in red so that you can tell them apart so you have 120 k which is going back to the original claim which is make more money the tennessee college student is adding more validity because a lot of the people that get into this are around college age um so what that's doing this right here is adding social proof it's making it more like oh if that guy can do it i can do it or if that girl can do it i can do it i mean um i'm about to go to college or i'm in college i can do that or if you're an adult it's like some college kid did that i can do that um so this is enlarging on the original claim and then this is the mechanism that we introduced which is drop shipping um i don't know if they outright say drop shipping or if they just say selling products online on shopify or something and then for number five it would be identifying the prospect by their pains i'm going to move this down so number five would be identifying the prospect so if it's like a short ad i'm not going to use the same i'm not ashamed of my smile anymore thing um like for biz op it's because people want to feel successful um people want to be like top dog kind of thing like that's what almost everybody wants that um so that's what you would focus on when you're identifying them like the reason people start businesses isn't because they're like oh man i can't wait for the stresses of owning my own business that's so excited no it's i want to be successful and i want to prove people wrong um what's just i just want to be successful i want to take care of my family um stuff like that so that's the kind of things that you would be identifying so like one would be take care of your family retire your parents maybe maybe they're a little more selfish than they like to admit i think everyone everyone is um take care of your family retire your parents number three would be by thirty like what we're doing now is speaking to pain speaking to desires things that these people aren't able to do yet um retired by 30 take care of your family retire your parents gosh what's more um prove everyone wrong there's so many different angles that you can use for bizop that i don't think it's honestly ever gonna go away because it's like it's a huge industry man um so there you have it those are the five levels of market sophistication um i'll real quick go back over them phase one is nobody's heard of your product the claims are super easy to make um just lose weight number two is um they've heard of it so now you have to kind of enlarge on your claim to separate yourself from everyone else number three is they've heard the claims now you need something that's going to recatch their attention something new and that's your mechanism with fitness it was the vinegar drink with teeth whitening it was the patented formula that is dentist or well number three was just the patented formula anyway number four is enlarging on the mechanism and number five is the market's completely um quote unquote exhausted and now instead of focusing on the product you have to focus on identifying the prospect and then pushing them back through the rest of your ad so yeah guys that was the training i feel like that was a lot longer than i wanted it to be um but i hope that you enjoyed this i hope that this was valuable um and if it what in the world is going on up here in this title um i hope that was valuable i hope that it was helpful um if it was go ahead and drop a like drop a comment let me know if you have any questions um and i'll try my best to answer them thanks again guys see ya

  Top Comments:
  1. @andrecarlos5438 [4 likes]: thanks bro, i'm from brazil and here i'm at level 3 going to 4, i didn't know how to evolve this
  2. @Flamboezel: Don't want to be a dick - but you said in the beginning how aware your prospect is. But isn't that state of awareness?
  3. @SaadHabib-u3k: Excellent🎉
  4. @HarelAvital: nice video man , stright to the point
  5. @JamesAndoh-s1h: Thank you. Because of this video I've come to the conclusion that nearly every market is at stage 5 sophistication unless it's relatively new, especially online.

- Titans of Salesmanship - Gene Schwartz on Knowing Your Prospect: Kind: captions Language: en Titans of salesmanship Gene Schwartz on knowing your prospect Gene Schwartz may be the perfect illustration of how the knowledge to write persuasively is the most valuable job skill you can ever learn Schwartz went from mailroom clerk to fifty thousand dollar consultant in 1950s money faster than most people get through b-school check your local library for a copy of breakthrough advertising it is not a quick read but you can use the knowledge to build a multi-million dollar business Schwartz dead along with several others lucky enough to have him as a mentor Schwartz like every other Titan followed the one immutable rule of marketing first find out what people want and then find them a way to get it Gene Schwartz made a subtle distinction between two types of prospects that most new internet marketers will encounter the distinction between these types is not great but the effect of the way that the sales copy is written to appeal to each of these two types can be enormous 0.1 the solution aware Prospect the solution aware type of prospect is the closest thing to what many marketers call the hot Prospect the hungry crowd this Prospect has a pressing need and it's to scratch she knows there must be something out there but doesn't know where to look and has not found any product or service that can satisfy her me dot how to headlines and ultra-specific headlines that name the desire do best with this type big Promises of immediate satisfaction work too so long as there is a good measure of proof to back them up 0.2 the problem aware Prospect the problem aware type of prospect senses an unfulfilled emotional need but is not searching for a solution because she has not clearly identified the need and does not know that there is anything she can do about it yet the problem aware Prospect will not respond to the how to or the big promise and will more likely be put off by a hard sell the problem aware type of prospect needs empathy and evidence that you understand her problem and how difficult it is to deal with before you can make an offer or even a claim which type of prospect is the most likely buyer of your product or service you may never know until you test the Titans became Titans of salesmanship because they tested and measured everything [Music]

- Lead Generation Hacks with the Eugene Schwartz UPSYD Model: Kind: captions Language: en in today's video we're going to be analyzing eugene schwartz upside model for marketing and lead generation [Music] what's up fam welcome back to the show before we get into it today make sure you guys like this video hit the subscribe button for more videos like this and also hit the bell for notifications that way when there are new videos you get immediately updated and notified about it so you can check them out also before i jump into this i did just record recently a video about cold warm and hot traffic and what to do and what kind of message to send to those people so i'd recommend watching those videos in tandem if you don't know anything about what i'm going to talk about today maybe start with that one come back to here but i think if you watch this one first and go there it's no big deal it's right above my head you can watch that when you're done okay so eugene schwartz was brilliant one of the most brilliant marketers digital marketers well a marketer copywriter primarily but we've taken a lot of his concepts and principles and brought them into the digital marketing space so what it's really going to help you with is understanding how to craft a message that's conducive to the level of sophistication in your market both of problems solutions but also of your offers and your solutions for whatever that problem involves right so upside is what he crafted and came up with what it stands for it's an acronym uh it's upside u p s y d right so the u is unaware so unaware people are people that don't even recognize that there's anything going on they're just completely clueless as to what is it you offer or that there's even a problem that they're experiencing so as an example let's take somebody that's potentially overweight if there's some nuance in relation to a health issue that's caused by their um their condition of being overweight that would be somebody that's unaware of that particular problem that is involved now maybe there's other things they're aware of that involve them being overweight but maybe there's something specific that you're going to educate them on or something that you offer that helps them that's conducive to people that are overweight right so you they're completely unaware and your job with those people is to introduce them through value driven content through your marketing of this other problem right this other grand epiphany that maybe people are you see this a lot in alternative medicine so guys like dr axe who has actually been on my show has the largest health and wellness website in the world he gets 17 million hits on his website every single month however there's a lot of alternative remedies that people were just completely unaware of that actually even existed even though there are things you can just go get otc over the counter and so when i discovered dr axe it was just this mind-blowing epiphany of oh my gosh i had no idea of all these other solutions out there and furthermore i had no idea that those solutions uh could actually rectify some of the issues that had been misdiagnosed with me for a long time i had a i had a crazy health journey and a big health scare and it would have been misdiagnosed for a long time so that's an example of somebody i was completely unaware of a solution much of which he provides so that's so his job is education right he is using his credentials he has many of which he deploys in natural health and wellness and he's educating the market and opening people's eyes up to what's going on right if he went straight to another level sophistication a deeper level sophistication people wouldn't have any idea because they don't know what he's talking about to begin with ready can't go straight to a deal of selling a product if you don't know what you have any idea there's even a problem that exists right so unaware people are at the very very top of what should look like your inverted triangle right and you can draw that out and map it out and do messages along with it if you'd like next is problem aware so it's people that know that there is the problem exists right so using that same example let's stick with dr axe uh they they know that they have health issues right they know that there's a problem they know that they're really suffering uh and they're actively seeking out a way to reconcile that or maybe they're not right they might be in that same kind of dilemma of there no they have a problem maybe they're just not dealing with it so those people uh a little bit now you're going to cater a message a little bit differently to them because they're not unaware you just want to take them from they know they have a problem speak to them about that problem which is really going to resonate because you're going to create relatability to then start introducing them to potential solutions including your solution so you're going to take that down take them down that inverted triangle so next is going to be solution aware so these are people that aren't unaware they're not problem aware they're solution aware so again go to our example dr x people that are aware of the various mechanisms that he uses maybe not necessarily him but they're familiar with natural remedies they're familiar with probiotics they're familiar with essential oils they're familiar with all the various things supplementation fish oil whatever whatever the case may be they have some level of exposure to the potential solutions that are out there to reconcile their specific problem with that type of a message what you're going to do is then start to provide marketing to target those people but your market is going to be around um really speaking to them as far as your credentials right why you specifically why you're uniquely qualified to to serve these people in a way that only you can do and you're not going to be educating them nearly as much as you were albeit you still need to involve with that you're still going to be providing part of your credentials is showing that you know what you're talking about so it's you're going to be a little bit different message but really more so focused on what differentiates you why you specifically are different if you have a service that's pretty clear right this might be you so if you provide um a painting service right most people are aware there's the very solution aware that there are people out there that are painters and so you would focus less on maybe why you should paint your house and more so on why you should choose me to paint your house right so that's a really probably a better example than even what we're using with dr axe for for solution aware people so next is your solution aware right so this is p these are people that uh if they're not just solution aware they know that you actually provide that that solution right and so then what you're gonna start providing is you're gonna start providing incentive for people to take action because they know about the problem they know about the solution they know about now they know about your solution so next you want to entice them to take the next steps so this is where you're going to see people provide messages where they're going to be a little bit more aggressive with actually making the sale maybe they're going to give people some kind of a discount for buying the first time or they give them free shipping or whatever the case may be they're going to spend less time on educating and more time on getting people to take action a lot of people jump straight to the action part but they haven't done enough to really build enough credibility in terms of the problem the solution or even the awareness the education part of it before they just jump straight to trying to sell somebody something those are the value building opportunities the value stacking opportunities a lot of people are missing out on and then the last one the d is deal aware right so these are people that know you sell things and they're also aware the fact that you are selling that particular product or that particular service and maybe even they're aware that you sell it for the price that you sell it right they're very sophisticated people that know exactly what you do exactly how you do it and maybe they've offered things from you in the past right or maybe they've gotten closer they've hit your sales cart they've hit something they're very hot audience right they're very they're people that maybe have taken those steps and gotten really close to purchasing from you or like i said they've bought from you before so those are very very low sophisticated level customers for you and i would like i said i would call those hot leads right so when you kind of stack those on what you want to figure out first is what's my cold traffic what's my warm traffic what's my hot traffic right and then you want to lay that on top of this inverted triangle of upside the reason being is because not only are you going to craft a message for people that don't know you right with your cold warm and hot but also what you're going to do is you're going to take upside and figure out okay this is their exposure to me hot cold warm or hot right but then on top of that here's their level sophistication not only with me but also with the market also with the potential problems and solutions in the market now obviously your deal aware people are probably always going to be warm or hot right because they're aware of the fact that you exist and they're aware of the fact that you so those are people that probably hit your card hit your sales page or explore purchasing something from you so that's always going to be warm or hot traffic whereas your unaware people or even your problem aware people they might be always classified as cold albeit maybe they've found you and they've discovered you for some time and they followed your stuff they just didn't know that you actually sold something or had a solution for it so an example would be you follow dr axe you've listened to a lot of his stuff or me for that matter maybe you've watched a lot of my videos or you've seen me talk about a lot of things and so you're not necessarily cold to me you're aware of who i am but you don't necessarily know that i sell anything just yet so that might be somebody that's considered warm although they're not necessarily warm to the fact that i actually sell something to you so it's important that you are mindful of the nuance of where these people are but also their sophistication levels so i hope that helps you the biggest recommendation i have for you is again whiteboard this write it down write it out and then what you want to do is hopefully figure out where in your market is your primary target clientele like what's the big opportunity in your market and where do you fit in that market right because you might have some players in the space that they serve people that are very perfect example would be dave asprey dave asprey serves people if you don't know he is he's a founder of bulletproof like bulletproof coffee he's a biohacker man and so he gets really into the trenches with deep dive detailed specific education and products for people that already know a lot about that space right but there's people that are very i don't say unsophisticated but for lack of a better term unsophisticated very unaware that that even exists they might not even know what a biohacker is right and so maybe there's an opportunity where maybe you're not as sophisticated yourself as dave asprey but you do have a passion for health and wellness and you can craft the market in a message around focusing on that segment of of the that potential market that's different than his but it gives you a place to fit in it gives you a niche to fill and and customers to serve and maybe they do graduate on to dave asprey at some point start buying bulletproof products but for that moment in time for that season of where they are in their life that's not where you play that's not who you focus on that's not your target customer so you can see how this gets very important to understand and how you need to really know where these people fall in in line with all of these you know different specifications all right guys if you like that video make sure i did include a a a resource for you guys that you can check out below you can actually sign up we are gonna do an entire program that's gonna be teaching people further about this can be a four-part video series so if you want to early get the early bird sign up for that you can grab that below and i will see you guys in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @mannys_tv [2 likes]: Thanks Chris. This was really valuable
  2. @cadenzainternational [2 likes]: Love this concept! Thanks Chris- super helpful for me!

- Eugene Schwartz | "The Courage to Earn $500k a Year" Sales Letter Breakdown (Proven Ads 7/100): Kind: captions Language: en hi csaba here and welcome to another video in the&nbsp; proven sales letter breakdown challenge that i'm&nbsp;&nbsp; doing uh so today i have a cool ad for you which&nbsp; was written by the legendary eugene schwartz&nbsp;&nbsp; so if you haven't heard about eugene schwartz&nbsp; before he was one of the og copywriters uh fun&nbsp;&nbsp; fact one of his books breakthrough advertising&nbsp; is the most expensive book on copywriting&nbsp;&nbsp; uh widely available to people uh it costs 125&nbsp; dollars but with good reason because it's still&nbsp;&nbsp; even after like 50 years it's still one of the&nbsp; most foundational books of copywriting you could&nbsp;&nbsp; ever read uh and in fact it's a type of book that&nbsp; you have to read several times in order to really&nbsp;&nbsp; really get it uh because it's it's just that&nbsp; extremely good and the cool thing about it is that&nbsp;&nbsp; because human psychology just doesn't change over&nbsp; over time you know we still make decisions based&nbsp;&nbsp; on the same emotions our brains still work the&nbsp; same way even though the culture is different&nbsp;&nbsp; the technology is different the setting is&nbsp; different the fundamentals of human uh decision&nbsp;&nbsp; making for example don't change at all and eugene&nbsp; schwartz was a master of uncovering these specific&nbsp;&nbsp; mechanisms these uh psychological mechanisms&nbsp; that people had and have uh all throughout time&nbsp;&nbsp; and just using them properly in order to come up&nbsp; with copy which is super persuasive it uh hits on&nbsp;&nbsp; the right emotional strings and it just gets the&nbsp; sale and gets people to act and that's the primary&nbsp;&nbsp; objective of copywriting so today i have a cool&nbsp; example from him and sorry for the small text you&nbsp;&nbsp; know this was the only type of swipe that i could&nbsp; find but it's a great example it's a relatively&nbsp;&nbsp; straightforward ad uh but i don't really wanna&nbsp; like complicate you with with very in-depth as&nbsp;&nbsp; just yet uh but the headline goes like this do you&nbsp; have the courage to earn half a million dollars a&nbsp;&nbsp; year pretty cool right this is a great example of&nbsp; a promise lead by the way but it's done a little&nbsp;&nbsp; differently because what most promise leads do and&nbsp; the lead is like the first few hundred words of a&nbsp;&nbsp; sales letter so this is the headline but like uh&nbsp; the lead itself is is something like this but it&nbsp;&nbsp; the lead always works together with the headline&nbsp; so what's happening here is that instead of saying&nbsp;&nbsp; make 100 make 500 000 a year guaranteed now&nbsp; or something like that it would be way too&nbsp;&nbsp; unbelievable uh so instead of that we have&nbsp; a question it's totally reframed uh so&nbsp;&nbsp; instead of creating like saying something that&nbsp; immediately turns up most people because like&nbsp;&nbsp; half a million dollars in 1967 in which you&nbsp; know during which time this ad was written in&nbsp;&nbsp; um so that would translate to about 3.5 million&nbsp; dollars a year in today's money like think about&nbsp;&nbsp; it if you were to come out with an ad in a&nbsp; newspaper and say hey this is how you can add&nbsp;&nbsp; 3.5 million dollars a year most people would&nbsp; say [ __ ] come on leave me alone it would&nbsp;&nbsp; they would think that it's a scam uh so instead&nbsp; of angling it like that he rephrased it and he&nbsp;&nbsp; used a question do you have the courage it's it's&nbsp; more of a philosophical question and if you're&nbsp;&nbsp; gonna check out my later videos i'm probably&nbsp; gonna talk more about philosophical questions&nbsp;&nbsp; because they're quite important in in copywriting&nbsp; it makes people think it it flips the script and&nbsp;&nbsp; it makes them more uh involved in actually uh&nbsp; getting an answer to that specific question&nbsp;&nbsp; so uh as a great uh like i've read a few&nbsp; analysis of this ad before doing this video&nbsp;&nbsp; and someone said this specific type of question&nbsp; basically deflects the attention from the claim&nbsp;&nbsp; to an internal quality in the reader so an&nbsp; internal quality of whether they have it or not&nbsp;&nbsp; the headline is then paid off perfectly with the&nbsp; qualification process spelled out in the body copy&nbsp;&nbsp; so there we have the question and the lead that&nbsp; comes after it it's basically a self-qualifying&nbsp;&nbsp; almost like a questionnaire it's like hey this is&nbsp; not for the weak of hearted that the sub head even&nbsp;&nbsp; says this is a private advertisement it is meant&nbsp; for the tremendously ambit ambitious man only&nbsp;&nbsp; so like eugene schwartz doesn't beat around the&nbsp; bush this is a relatively direct type of offer&nbsp;&nbsp; it's not uh an offer lead which is the most direct&nbsp; type of lead but it's a promise lead but it with&nbsp;&nbsp; its specific tweaks and the cool thing about this&nbsp; question is that you can still use it today like&nbsp;&nbsp; you can still use it um with any type of offer&nbsp; or promotion or product that you have because&nbsp;&nbsp; this hasn't been overused as much as like you know&nbsp; there was the famous headline of do you make these&nbsp;&nbsp; mistakes in english that was abused to death by&nbsp; all sorts of copywriters but this not much so and&nbsp;&nbsp; i'm actually probably going to test it in in one&nbsp; of one of my ads in the future but i'll let you&nbsp;&nbsp; know how it goes so um anyway if we jump back into&nbsp; the copy itself i'm just gonna zoom in a little&nbsp;&nbsp; bit here uh the first part actually the lead is it&nbsp; goes like this so this it is meant for the kind of&nbsp;&nbsp; man who has first of all the relentless desire to&nbsp; earn more money in a single year than most of his&nbsp;&nbsp; friends will earn in their entire lifetime so it&nbsp; qualifies but there's a big benefit involved here&nbsp;&nbsp; then eugene schwartz goes on to say it is meant&nbsp; for the kind of man secondly who has enough&nbsp;&nbsp; sheer raw faith in himself to believe today&nbsp; that tomorrow he may actually be able to take&nbsp;&nbsp; home forty thousand or fifty thousand dollars&nbsp; a month once he has been shown the techniques&nbsp;&nbsp; of making this kind of money so this once again&nbsp; builds desire without having that get rich quick&nbsp;&nbsp; scheme uh type of aura that people really hate&nbsp; especially nowadays but even in those days i i can&nbsp;&nbsp; imagine that there were tons and tons of various&nbsp; ads in newspapers and other places which pitched&nbsp;&nbsp; basically bizop offers because this is a biz of&nbsp; like a business opportunity type of promotion but even then people were jaded by by these&nbsp; promises uh even more today so that's why you know&nbsp;&nbsp; instead of pitching them immediately he still&nbsp; says the same benefits but it's disguised as&nbsp;&nbsp; the self-qualification process and then we have&nbsp; a third one it's like you're willing to sacrifice&nbsp;&nbsp; stuff fourth one which is like you also have the&nbsp; responsibility to like like do actually do the&nbsp;&nbsp; work that this takes and then you'll have you know&nbsp; responsibility for other people around you as well&nbsp;&nbsp; because you're gonna become their boss or you know&nbsp; you're gonna become way like way more successful&nbsp;&nbsp; than them so this has a subtle like vanity tone&nbsp; to it uh in my opinion you know eugene schwartz&nbsp;&nbsp; really was a master of pulling the correct strings&nbsp; in people uh without like blatantly putting it&nbsp;&nbsp; out there uh so i think it's pretty effective&nbsp; in getting people at least more interested in&nbsp;&nbsp; this and think about the classic adaf formula and&nbsp; copywriting attention interest desire action so&nbsp;&nbsp; attention did he get our attention definitely did&nbsp; he got our interest well we're in the process of&nbsp;&nbsp; doing that the desire is going to be this next&nbsp; part and then action is going to be the um the&nbsp;&nbsp; last part so super uh straightforward&nbsp; nothing fancy in this ad seriously like&nbsp;&nbsp; if you if you look at it uh from like a higher&nbsp; level perspective it's totally a relatively simple&nbsp;&nbsp; type of ad but the copy used in it and the big&nbsp; idea used in it is the most important part this&nbsp;&nbsp; one half a million dollars do you have the courage&nbsp; two and a half million dollars a year that's the&nbsp;&nbsp; most important thing and even to this day having&nbsp; a solid big idea a good lead accounts for like&nbsp;&nbsp; 70 to 80 of your success with a sales letter or&nbsp; sales page or promotion or something like that&nbsp;&nbsp; so at the end of the lead at the first uh subhead&nbsp; we have something like to make gigantic sums of&nbsp;&nbsp; money you throw out all the rules that small safe&nbsp; men live by every day so once again this subverts&nbsp;&nbsp; our expectations it has this this interesting&nbsp; uh aspect to it in the sense that now you want&nbsp;&nbsp; to discover like what this is now you want to&nbsp; discover whether i as the reader am a safe man&nbsp;&nbsp; whether my mentors who i look up to uh have been&nbsp; like safe man or what's up with that and you want&nbsp;&nbsp; to read more in order to find out whether like&nbsp; what what's safe and what's not safe so once again&nbsp;&nbsp; the aim of of the copy here is just to get the&nbsp; people to consume more of eugene schwartz's&nbsp;&nbsp; writing because the more they consume the more&nbsp; likely they'll be persuaded to actually read it&nbsp;&nbsp; till until the end and then obviously buy the&nbsp; stuff so that's why it's super important to&nbsp;&nbsp; get them on the slippery slope joe sugarman had&nbsp; this cool idea of getting them on the slippery&nbsp;&nbsp; slope so that once once they get started they uh&nbsp; slide all the way down until the call to action&nbsp;&nbsp; button or like in this case call to action uh&nbsp; sentence so after the first subhead we have&nbsp;&nbsp; a paragraph which basically teases the unique&nbsp; mechanism of this product so uh this is going&nbsp;&nbsp; to be a book so this is basically an information&nbsp; product a book uh promotion basically uh but we&nbsp;&nbsp; get a little glamps at why it's different and&nbsp; what's the unique mechanism behind it um and um&nbsp;&nbsp; we can even get thing things like the almost&nbsp; completely unknown techniques of the super money&nbsp;&nbsp; makers the men who take home 500 thousands&nbsp; or millions or 5 million dollars a year so&nbsp;&nbsp; this is basically a promise to the reader so that&nbsp; you know if they read this and they implement what&nbsp;&nbsp; what the lessons are then they'll be able to&nbsp; discover the true secrets of the most successful&nbsp;&nbsp; uh people in the united states at that&nbsp; time okay so like the argument goes like&nbsp;&nbsp; why should you listen to like this like your&nbsp; uncle joe who has like a business idea uh&nbsp;&nbsp; every every weekend almost apparently&nbsp; when you could also listen to people who&nbsp;&nbsp; like are are are doing the model or have the&nbsp; track record to like really uh have proof as&nbsp;&nbsp; well so after this part we have an objection&nbsp; handling part which says let us emphasize right&nbsp;&nbsp; here that you do not need the big money to use&nbsp; these techniques they will work with any amount of&nbsp;&nbsp; starting capital even as little as 200 or thousand&nbsp; dollars uh so yeah it's uh pretty straightforward&nbsp;&nbsp; we have the qualification we have the first like&nbsp; little shocking type of thing and as a sub head&nbsp;&nbsp; we have the unique selling proposition or unique&nbsp; mechanism teased a bit but it's not given away&nbsp;&nbsp; by the way and uh then we have like an objection&nbsp; handling because many people would feel like you&nbsp;&nbsp; know uh okay this sounds interesting but i&nbsp; don't have money to get started with a new&nbsp;&nbsp; business venture right now so and then you know&nbsp; we preemptively counter that that's copywriting&nbsp;&nbsp; so after it we have a little uh section that&nbsp; it's basically an authority buildup for um for&nbsp;&nbsp; john allen appleman who is like probably the face&nbsp; of of of this specific product so in most cases&nbsp;&nbsp; copywriters write the copy for various products&nbsp; but they are not the face of the company there's&nbsp;&nbsp; a guru or like they're this expert who acts as the&nbsp; face of the brand uh who has more credibility um&nbsp;&nbsp; and yeah this does a relatively good job in like&nbsp; building up the credentials of john allen apple&nbsp;&nbsp; and because most likely for this specific&nbsp; target audience who this as is is aimed for&nbsp;&nbsp; they are very um like they want to know like the&nbsp; credentials like they are interested uh for them&nbsp;&nbsp; higher education is something that they value or&nbsp; like more qualifications more media appearances&nbsp;&nbsp; they're all stuff that they absolutely value so&nbsp; after this part we basically have uh a rundown of&nbsp;&nbsp; what's included in the product uh with each each&nbsp; major chapter i would assume uh you know briefly&nbsp;&nbsp; presented with with a short overview and also&nbsp; some desire building elements as well and a lot of&nbsp;&nbsp; uh fascinations in in in these later uh&nbsp; parts i'm gonna get to that in in a second&nbsp;&nbsp; uh but first i think this is really smart and you&nbsp; should always do it for information products as&nbsp;&nbsp; well because you want to make people feel like&nbsp; they get an insider's uh view into your product&nbsp;&nbsp; product like they get a glimpse into what's&nbsp; included because there's a lot of mystery with&nbsp;&nbsp; these types of products and they want to know like&nbsp; what's inside like what's up with that otherwise&nbsp;&nbsp; it's just too big of a mystery now obviously you&nbsp; don't give away the solutions that you're selling&nbsp;&nbsp; in the product but you're building up the case&nbsp; uh for making that your product more interesting&nbsp;&nbsp; you're teasing it you're giving away some tidbits&nbsp; while teasing others so we have the first um&nbsp;&nbsp; this actually gives away a lot of value&nbsp; as well because even after just reading&nbsp;&nbsp; this people might get cool ideas uh they&nbsp; they will learn some stuff about investing&nbsp;&nbsp; about making money about how things do work or&nbsp; don't work in in in business or in like the road&nbsp;&nbsp; to becoming wealthy uh so this is another big&nbsp; lesson uh that for example gary bencivenga one&nbsp;&nbsp; of my copywriting heroes always emphasized is&nbsp; that you want to make your advertisement itself&nbsp;&nbsp; valuable you want to give away a lot of things&nbsp; because people will uh will read more of it than&nbsp;&nbsp; compared to like a blatant ad okay they don't&nbsp; care about your ad but they care about stuff&nbsp;&nbsp; that holds interest to them and the best way to&nbsp; do that is to give a lot of value away in your&nbsp;&nbsp; in your sales materials even in your marketing&nbsp; materials so the first major group here i would&nbsp;&nbsp; assume this is like the first chapter of the book&nbsp; is um is focused on like insider secret secrets&nbsp;&nbsp; like what are the secrets that traders use to make&nbsp; more money you know this is always something that&nbsp;&nbsp; fascinates people even to this day they always&nbsp; want to like uh like even if you watch like etoro&nbsp;&nbsp; ads nowadays uh there's this stock picker type of&nbsp; service it's like hey you can copy the exact um&nbsp;&nbsp; like picks and and stock choices of the most&nbsp; successful portfolio managers or something like&nbsp;&nbsp; that with one click well in reality we know that&nbsp; these things doesn't work don't work for the major&nbsp;&nbsp; population but this is what people actually want&nbsp; to hear and this is what they want they are lazy&nbsp;&nbsp; they don't want to do the work they don't have&nbsp; the discipline to like hold if if if the stock&nbsp;&nbsp; is starting to drop for example don't sell in most&nbsp; cases hold but like obvious to this also has its&nbsp;&nbsp; uh specific rules and everything but like nobody&nbsp; can time the market properly although people still&nbsp;&nbsp; believe and want to believe that they can just&nbsp; i don't know copy paste you know the the whole&nbsp;&nbsp; system of an expert and they'll get rich that's&nbsp; what they want so that's what you know copyrights&nbsp;&nbsp; have to kind of give it to them and this is what&nbsp; uh the first part is about then the second part&nbsp;&nbsp; is like even more secrets but this time like&nbsp; how you can you know get a lot of um very&nbsp;&nbsp; cheap loans or like how you can get more leverage&nbsp; in your business how you can uh get capital from&nbsp;&nbsp; outside sources funding for your business ideas&nbsp; so you don't use all your money then the third uh&nbsp;&nbsp; is about um the secrets of market timing which&nbsp; again now we know that at least smart people know&nbsp;&nbsp; that uh nobody can time the market not even ray&nbsp; dalio not even warren buffett not even uh charlie&nbsp;&nbsp; munger nobody it's just impossible and not even&nbsp; ai or or algorithms or something like that so&nbsp;&nbsp; uh this is kind of like a fallacy to some degree&nbsp; but once again this is what people want to hear&nbsp;&nbsp; and maybe on the short term you know people do and&nbsp; they can make a lot of money with timing certain&nbsp;&nbsp; stocks and certain uh movements that uh that's&nbsp; gonna happen or that's very likely to happen so&nbsp;&nbsp; in the short term it's okay but in the long term&nbsp; uh what most research shows is that the stock&nbsp;&nbsp; market is a great equalizer in the sense that you&nbsp; may win five times ten times in the beginning but&nbsp;&nbsp; then eventually you'll also lose and then you'll&nbsp; you'll like get back to the norm let's say but&nbsp;&nbsp; like in the short term it could work and this&nbsp; is talks about the short term so it's still okay&nbsp;&nbsp; then the fourth one has starting to implement&nbsp; fascination so what are fascinations if you're&nbsp;&nbsp; new to this they're basically little bullets&nbsp; but in this case they're not in bullet form&nbsp;&nbsp; they're in paragraph form but like they're little&nbsp; short sentences which have a benefit aspect and&nbsp;&nbsp; they have a curiosity aspect and the only way to&nbsp; really find out the answer to these bullets is to&nbsp;&nbsp; is to buy the product or to read more or to&nbsp; uh actually yeah to buy the product basically&nbsp;&nbsp; so um here's a few examples the five fatal&nbsp; weaknesses that destroy most men who try to&nbsp;&nbsp; expand too quickly you see this is like a more&nbsp; scary type of bullet like how to avoid something&nbsp;&nbsp; uh favorite tricks promoters use to squeeze&nbsp; an extra few thousand dollars from you&nbsp;&nbsp; uh there's the benefit the benefit how to save&nbsp; a few thousand dollars and like favorite tricks&nbsp;&nbsp; what tricks now if you want to know that but&nbsp; the only way to know that is to buy the book um&nbsp;&nbsp; and this is these these fascinations using&nbsp; them is is a is a relatively straightforward&nbsp;&nbsp; way in copywriting to sell any type of information&nbsp; products so if you want to sell a book if you want&nbsp;&nbsp; to sell a course or or or something like that you&nbsp; you gotta include a lot and i'm talking dozens or&nbsp;&nbsp; in some cases even hundreds of bullets in&nbsp; total like if you want to check out some&nbsp;&nbsp; of my own uh some of my other videos in&nbsp; this playlist you'll notice how many uh&nbsp;&nbsp; almost every single and not almost but every&nbsp; single copywriting promotion includes bullets&nbsp;&nbsp; and uh and fascinations at some point and some&nbsp; of them are even made up of almost exclusively&nbsp;&nbsp; fascinations uh and they sold millions and&nbsp; millions and millions of dollars because&nbsp;&nbsp; you never know which one is gonna be just like&nbsp; a bullet is gonna give that you know proverbial&nbsp;&nbsp; headshot to the reader so that that is the one&nbsp; that really let's say kills it for them so it's&nbsp;&nbsp; really something that persuades them to uh yes&nbsp; i want this now because this thing it sounds so&nbsp;&nbsp; incredibly exciting i want to buy the whole damn&nbsp; book just to to so that i can find the answer out&nbsp;&nbsp; for that specific thing so that's what you want&nbsp; as a copywriter so then we have um doubling the&nbsp;&nbsp; profit from each deal this is once again a big&nbsp; benefit with a bunch of bullets and fascinations&nbsp;&nbsp; what fascinations not bullish because they're&nbsp; not in bullet form but they're fascinations and&nbsp;&nbsp; this one as gary halbert would say this stimulates&nbsp; their greed glands so this makes them builds even&nbsp;&nbsp; more desire in them it's like oh i can make even&nbsp; more money with it now i want it even more so we&nbsp;&nbsp; have more uh a few examples of these could be how&nbsp; to buy a going business without one pennies cash&nbsp;&nbsp; so like yeah i mean do you see how it has a a&nbsp; curiosity element to it and a benefit element to&nbsp;&nbsp; it how to set yourself up for a lifelong annuity&nbsp; simply by making a phone call how to turn some&nbsp;&nbsp; something uh somebody else's must sell business&nbsp; into royalty checks for you even if you don't&nbsp;&nbsp; invest the scent in it yourself wow pretty cool&nbsp; and there's all it also has like this preemptive&nbsp;&nbsp; objection handling element to it and then the&nbsp; sixth part is even more fascinations which is a&nbsp;&nbsp; very smart thing to do in your copy million dollar&nbsp; tax angles because once again a lot of people know&nbsp;&nbsp; that by optimizing their taxes they could earn way&nbsp; more money or take home way more money at least&nbsp;&nbsp; so we have fascinations like uh the four golden&nbsp; rules for taking more after tax dollars from any&nbsp;&nbsp; deal you make like four specific rules golden&nbsp; rules like that you have specificity there and&nbsp;&nbsp; there like i have a whole bunch of videos on&nbsp; on fascinations you might want to check out&nbsp;&nbsp; mel martin's videos in this playlist uh or&nbsp; clayton makepeace you know there's a bunch&nbsp;&nbsp; of bullet formulas there described for you i did&nbsp; the work for you you just have to watch the video&nbsp;&nbsp; and copy the same thing basically but they're&nbsp; super super powerful plus one man tax deductible&nbsp;&nbsp; pension plans that you can easily put in uh so&nbsp; yeah a cool fascinations so then the final uh&nbsp;&nbsp; subhead is don't risk disappointment send for your&nbsp; copy today so we have like the uh call to action&nbsp;&nbsp; all six fortune building steps including&nbsp; dozens of almost completely unknown techniques&nbsp;&nbsp; that we do not have room to detail here it makes&nbsp; sense right so it's cool it has some um a little&nbsp;&nbsp; bit of uh like even more teasing as well are yours&nbsp; in how to increase your money making power it is&nbsp;&nbsp; now available to you through this advertisement&nbsp; only without risking a cent so uh there's this&nbsp;&nbsp; special opportunity the special one-time&nbsp; opportunity let's say that you can use in&nbsp;&nbsp; order to buy now because you know people like the&nbsp; default for people is to do nothing so you need to&nbsp;&nbsp; give them some type of urgency scarcity uh reason&nbsp; why unique opportunities something like that&nbsp;&nbsp; preferably everything and nowadays i think this&nbsp; would be too weak of a promotion because nowadays&nbsp;&nbsp; people need even more push so i'm definitely&nbsp; missing some sort of scarcity here say&nbsp;&nbsp; like coming up with the reason why there are&nbsp; only like i don't know 500 books on stock&nbsp;&nbsp; right now and then uh the only way to learn these&nbsp; secrets is to is to buy now because you know uh&nbsp;&nbsp; this newspaper that this is running this ad is&nbsp; running in is super popular and there's gonna&nbsp;&nbsp; be thousands of people interested in it so like&nbsp; we're gonna sell out very soon something like&nbsp;&nbsp; that or like other types of uh of urgency as&nbsp; well gene schwartz didn't really use it here uh&nbsp;&nbsp; probably he didn't have the space for it or&nbsp; something but i think that's that's one of&nbsp;&nbsp; the key opportunity areas of opportunity to make&nbsp; this even better you know gary halbert used to say&nbsp;&nbsp; to get like a world cast copywriter eventually&nbsp; you have to do like each time each day actually&nbsp;&nbsp; read a proven promotion because that's&nbsp; going to make you a very good copywriter&nbsp;&nbsp; and also try to come up with one thing that you&nbsp; would improve in those promotions like what's the&nbsp;&nbsp; one thing that you can make even better and then&nbsp; if you do this then your like career trajectory&nbsp;&nbsp; trajectory is gonna go like this so it's pretty&nbsp; cool and that's why if you're looking if you're&nbsp;&nbsp; watching this video uh just know that this is kind&nbsp; of like a master class in copywriting that you're&nbsp;&nbsp; watching for free and these lessons you know&nbsp; uh many people charge hundreds or thousands&nbsp;&nbsp; of dollars for these same lessons and now you&nbsp; can watch them on youtube for free because i&nbsp;&nbsp; really want to like create this awesome library of&nbsp; proven uh sales that are breakdowns because to my&nbsp;&nbsp; knowledge there's no such thing on youtube at the&nbsp; moment uh i know that the demand for this isn't&nbsp;&nbsp; that high but these direct response copywriting&nbsp; and marketing principles are so timeless and so&nbsp;&nbsp; important uh that i want to spread the word and&nbsp; i want this to reach as many people as possible&nbsp;&nbsp; and you can also help with this by the way by&nbsp; liking this video but because that's what the&nbsp;&nbsp; youtube youtube algorithm wants it wants social&nbsp; signals uh so if you could like the video i would&nbsp;&nbsp; greatly appreciate it share it with others who&nbsp; might be interested in this maybe a friend of&nbsp;&nbsp; yours a colleague a business partner a budding&nbsp; copywriter something like that and also leave&nbsp;&nbsp; a comment below let me know like the number&nbsp; one thing that you learned from this what is&nbsp;&nbsp; it is it like how it's formatted regarding the&nbsp; headline regarding the call to action regarding&nbsp;&nbsp; these fascinations let me know i respond to every&nbsp; single comment and i love reading your comments&nbsp;&nbsp; because it just shows that you know we're on&nbsp; the same page when it comes to copywriting&nbsp;&nbsp; and then just to wrap up the ad you know we have&nbsp; a crossword uh crossroads close in the uh at the&nbsp;&nbsp; end so what this means even nowadays it's still&nbsp; a part of every single like high quality sales&nbsp;&nbsp; letter basically it says like basically you&nbsp; have two choices you can continue making you&nbsp;&nbsp; can continue struggling uh which is the not smart&nbsp; choice or you can take us up on our offer which is&nbsp;&nbsp; the smart way to go which is a smart choice and&nbsp; then change your life uh live a better happier&nbsp;&nbsp; easier life the choice is yours but like obviously&nbsp; people are going to be more impressed by the&nbsp;&nbsp; second one so uh then we have it cost you nothing&nbsp; to prove this yourself this is a bit interesting&nbsp;&nbsp; because this refers to the money back guarantee&nbsp; although once again i think it's not really that&nbsp;&nbsp; specifically powerful how it's worth it but like&nbsp; who am i to critique uh eugene schwartz like this&nbsp;&nbsp; and then we have like a guarantee as well we have&nbsp; um like specific ordering instructions which like&nbsp;&nbsp; this just makes me realize how easy ordering it is&nbsp; nowadays on the internet because back then it was&nbsp;&nbsp; so much hassle like i don't even understand what&nbsp; this means if you wish your order sent cod check&nbsp;&nbsp; here in close a one dollar deposit pay postman&nbsp; balance i don't even know what this is anymore&nbsp;&nbsp; but like i guess that was the typical order&nbsp; from back then and then um another improvement&nbsp;&nbsp; opportunity that i would say is to make the close&nbsp; a little bit stronger especially nowadays it would&nbsp;&nbsp; be needed because it's i feel like it fizzles out&nbsp; at the end a little bit obviously you know there&nbsp;&nbsp; were space constraints here but i think especially&nbsp; for today it would make it a an even more powerful&nbsp;&nbsp; ad but to be honest running something like&nbsp; this in your local new newspaper for something it could still work definitely and it definitely&nbsp; worked really well for that specific audience&nbsp;&nbsp; so yeah that's it for eugene schwartz says do you&nbsp; year famous sales letter i hope you enjoyed it&nbsp; if you did please consider liking this video&nbsp;&nbsp; commenting under it sharing it with others and&nbsp; also obviously subscribing to my channel because&nbsp;&nbsp; i'll be releasing these videos daily and if you&nbsp; want to follow along then uh the only way to like&nbsp;&nbsp; not miss these videos is to subscribe and to hit&nbsp; that little bell notification icon as well so with&nbsp;&nbsp; that being said thank you so much for watching&nbsp; really appreciate it and see you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @GameofConversions [2 likes]: 👉 FREE Cheat Sheet -- The “Secret Recipe” behind 100 of the most profitable ads of all time -- https://gameofconversions.com/copywriting-secrets --  Apply this simple, step-by-step formula to your marketing and watch your conversion rates and sales soar! 

🔥 Check out the FULL playlist here: https://bit.ly/100SalesLetterBreakdowns
  2. @selmanuyank5004 [1 likes]: I am taking notes... everything you said... it helps me a lot, thankss. I will complete all of the sales letters.
  3. @alexshodeinde2619 [1 likes]: Thank you very much Csaba, really these videos are a gem and I'm certain you'd become a legend for many copywriters in years to come when they look back and watch these videos.

My key takeaway from this video is to always leave a bit of curiosity in your sentence. Leave like an open loop, give your reader a little insight into your product but don't reveal it all. Let them fantasize about discovering the secrets and they'll end up at the CTA and buy...

Cheers Csaba, God bless you!
  4. @standardjoyperu [1 likes]: C.O.D. is Collect On Delivery. When the package arrives in the mail you have to pay the postal carrier the balance of the payment. Before everyone used credit cards for everything this was a very popular way to buy things through the mail.
  5. @gauravdeopa918 [1 likes]: I think this headline challenged the reader by saying courage and everybody thinks they have courage whether they have it or not
  6. @MykelJones-y7m: It’a structured to give tension teasing the product while also show casing how this new mechanism
Work you being able take out loans at 3/4-5
Percent 99 cent on every dollar made
  7. @nikhilnischal9471: Super helpful
  8. @HienDocSach-hds: aw man, i almost cried because of this ad analysis. You're so dedicated, please keep doing this, for the man's good. Thank you!
  9. @Joel-tp4xr: Great video! Love your breakdowns!
  10. @copywritepro: g
:face-green-smiling::face-fuchsia-wide-eyes::hand-orange-covering-eyes::face-purple-wide-eyes::face-turquoise-covering-eyes::face-orange-raised-eyebrow::face-turquoise-covering-eyes::planet-orange-purple-ring:
  11. @solan1424: Thank you Csaba for so much awesome content. Exactly like you said, my copywriting trajectory is skyrocketing because of this. I love the raw & direct style of Eugene - I took notes on this for my own style. Thanks again brother.
  12. @tahashafiq6229: Csaba, loved it! A philosophical question is an element of persuasion that builds curiosity and persuades the audience to move and read further. Valuable
  13. @knowledgeshorts8458: Great
  14. @rolandamarantoii170: IT IS a masterclass. So much value I'm getting in this. I added watching your breakdowns on my daily practice and all I can say is it definitely expanded my copywriting mind. 

You are appreciated man. Thank you! 🥂
  15. @theworldsfacts3799: Congratulations sir for 10k family 💖✨
  16. @chimdidindu2417: This is wonderful... Really enjoying the breakdowns, it helps learning faster.
Thanks Csaba..
  17. @supergio11: Hey Csaba, I'm loving these sales letter breakdowns, thank you so much! After reading several of the great books from the OGs, these videos are a fantastic refresher!
  18. @maliktajudeen6318: Thanks for this.
  19. @joshang2459: Always tease the reader by making lots of fascinations.
  20. @christaraeka4320: Day 7 check in

- Eugene Schwartz | "Burn Disease Out of Your Body" Sales Letter Breakdown (Proven Ads 37/100: Kind: captions Language: en welcome to another episode of the proven sales&nbsp; letter breakdown series that i'm doing for 90 days&nbsp;&nbsp; so today we're going to look at another eugene&nbsp; schwartz promotion this one's pretty famous it's&nbsp;&nbsp; the uh burn disease out of your body promotion&nbsp; and this one has several versions actually so&nbsp;&nbsp; it has probably a more well-known um like longer&nbsp; form promotion as well which was mailed to people&nbsp;&nbsp; but this one this is the shorter version and&nbsp; this was a newspaper uh version of this ad&nbsp;&nbsp; it was first published in 1981 by&nbsp; eugene schwartz he's one of the like&nbsp;&nbsp; fathers grandfathers of copywriting and he&nbsp; fun fact he has a 125 book called breakthrough&nbsp;&nbsp; advertising which is considered to be like the&nbsp; bible of of copywriting itself um so a few things&nbsp;&nbsp; before we dive deeper into this promotion actually&nbsp; uh one thing eugene schwartz often had a more let's just say more aggressive type of copy from&nbsp; time to time so as you read this as you see you&nbsp;&nbsp; can see how the promise is pretty strong and it&nbsp; might sound a little hypey to some people but like&nbsp;&nbsp; don't try to jump to conclusions before thinking&nbsp; uh anything else because this promotion mailed for&nbsp;&nbsp; like 20 years profitably in the alternative health&nbsp; niche which is a super competitive niche so it's&nbsp;&nbsp; it's pretty safe to say that you know this thing&nbsp; was working so even though it might sound hypey or&nbsp;&nbsp; uh maybe even scammy to some people like burn the&nbsp; zita out of your body by lying flat on your back&nbsp;&nbsp; using nothing more than the palm of your hand it&nbsp; mounts might seem like [ __ ] to some people but&nbsp;&nbsp; here's here's a clue like people want to hear&nbsp; this they want to believe this uh because they&nbsp;&nbsp; they want easy solutions they want quick fixes&nbsp; they want magic bills it's another thing that&nbsp;&nbsp; they don't believe it necessarily but this is what&nbsp; they actually want and in 1981 before all these&nbsp;&nbsp; scammy uh you know offers that we have nowadays&nbsp; in alternative health people were much less uh&nbsp;&nbsp; skeptical with these types of promotions i'm not&nbsp; saying something like this would necessarily work&nbsp;&nbsp; today like you would probably need much more proof&nbsp; here much more um like studies quoted or something&nbsp;&nbsp; like that to like really show how let's say a&nbsp; method a unique method like this really works&nbsp;&nbsp; but it all depends on the audience like think&nbsp; about it if your audience is people who really&nbsp;&nbsp; believe in like energy healing let's say then&nbsp; then it would it will work for them because that's&nbsp;&nbsp; what they already believe and here's a great um&nbsp; lesson in copywriting right off the bat it's that&nbsp;&nbsp; people uh like you just want to find out what&nbsp; people in your target audience actually believe&nbsp;&nbsp; and you just want to like confirm it to them&nbsp; that's it that's the aim of your copy that's&nbsp;&nbsp; the way how you move them to take something to&nbsp; to take an action to do something by validating&nbsp;&nbsp; one of their already existing beliefs and&nbsp; if they believe in this i mean you're just&nbsp;&nbsp; putting uh fuel on the fire so with that being&nbsp; said let's just see how this promotion looks&nbsp;&nbsp; like so first of all it's a newspaper ad so it's&nbsp; kind of like it doesn't really stand out even&nbsp;&nbsp; though it's written advertisement here most people&nbsp; don't really notice it to be honest like they're&nbsp;&nbsp; just flipping pages and they're not gonna&nbsp; notice like it's an ad but it it starts with&nbsp;&nbsp; like a how-to fascination and if you're not really&nbsp; familiar like chaba what the hell is a fascination&nbsp;&nbsp; like check out my earlier videos especially from&nbsp; mel martin he was like the master of fascinations&nbsp;&nbsp; and you'll find more info there but like how&nbsp; modern chinese medicine helps burn disease out&nbsp;&nbsp; of your body so it's like a how-to fascination&nbsp; the chinese medicine part is important because&nbsp;&nbsp; it's something unique like it has that exotic&nbsp; factor at least it had back in those days&nbsp;&nbsp; uh burn disease out of your body this is the&nbsp; big promise and it's a really big promise&nbsp;&nbsp; lying flat on your back using nothing more&nbsp; than the palm of your hand so this kind of uh&nbsp;&nbsp; hints at the unique mechanism on how this whole&nbsp; thing actually works and it's very important to&nbsp;&nbsp; have a unique mechanism because otherwise you&nbsp; just have a big promise like people have no&nbsp;&nbsp; concept of how this thing works and especially&nbsp; in headlines it's a great idea to like&nbsp;&nbsp; just tease or showcase showcase how your unique&nbsp; anything like unique mechanism is capable of of&nbsp;&nbsp; getting you the end result that you want which&nbsp; is to like burn disease out of your body so&nbsp;&nbsp; uh after this headline complex we have this&nbsp; let's say it's the lead so it's the first thing&nbsp;&nbsp; that gets you to read the rest of the promotion um&nbsp; it's pretty interesting that it's it's all in caps&nbsp;&nbsp; lock so again today maybe it would be a bit too&nbsp; hypey i wouldn't necessarily use it but it's uh&nbsp;&nbsp; it's definitely there to get your attention and&nbsp; even though it's it's selling something that's&nbsp;&nbsp; technically a prevention because like you wanna&nbsp; it sells you a method to prevent disease but it&nbsp;&nbsp; still kind of acts or sounds like a magic bill&nbsp; and remember that's what people want they want&nbsp;&nbsp; magic pills they want to like magically take&nbsp; care of their problems even though they believe&nbsp;&nbsp; it's not necessarily true they still want it now&nbsp; i'm not saying that this isn't true at all and&nbsp;&nbsp; in fact eugene schwartz was a great believer in&nbsp; dr chang's stuff in fact according to some stories&nbsp;&nbsp; after he had a stroke when he was 60 something&nbsp; years old uh he went to uh who to this guy this&nbsp;&nbsp; doctor here uh to get treatment for it actually&nbsp; to get alternative treatment as well stephen&nbsp;&nbsp; stefan t chang so uh the lead part itself begins&nbsp; by saying that finally and eugene schwartz loved&nbsp;&nbsp; this thing finally at last new a new although 4&nbsp; 000 year old and different type of self-healing so immediately we get once&nbsp; again the unique mechanism&nbsp;&nbsp; like this is something different this is&nbsp; self-healing you don't have to uh like&nbsp;&nbsp; get an operation or something like that you don't&nbsp; have to get surgery uh because that's what people&nbsp;&nbsp; are afraid of like they're terrified of it and&nbsp; then this whole part basically is just there to&nbsp;&nbsp; give some some news value to this whole thing that&nbsp; it's something new and it also establishes some&nbsp;&nbsp; credibility we got introduced to dr stefan t chang&nbsp; who basically gives an introduction to his method&nbsp;&nbsp; and it's really smart actually if you think&nbsp; about it from a copywriting perspective because&nbsp;&nbsp; this kind of gives the reader kind of a real&nbsp; time discovery that they're doing so like as&nbsp;&nbsp; they're reading this it's just like how they&nbsp; are discovering this this whole new method of&nbsp;&nbsp; healing and then this part here it just showcases&nbsp; the problem so it it describes what's wrong with&nbsp;&nbsp; like traditional medicine for example or what's&nbsp; wrong with getting old if you get old you know&nbsp;&nbsp; you have all these chronic issues that that can&nbsp; definitely be a problem and the target audience&nbsp;&nbsp; probably can relate to this definitely&nbsp; and then he the copywriter here basically&nbsp;&nbsp; after describing the problem he introduces&nbsp; the unique mechanism like how something like&nbsp;&nbsp; internal exercises actually can help you solve&nbsp; those issues help you fix those problems and&nbsp;&nbsp; this creates desiring people and that's what&nbsp; you really want to create desiring them to&nbsp;&nbsp; create an emotion an emotional pull an emotional&nbsp; appeal to like read more of this stuff okay we have some more benefits after this part and&nbsp; then after a few hundred words of copy we get to&nbsp;&nbsp; the uh first sub head and it's really important&nbsp; to use subheads to just break up your text okay&nbsp;&nbsp; it's recommended regardless of what type of copy&nbsp; you use after a few paragraphs it's it's a good&nbsp;&nbsp; idea to uh use sub heads and we have another big&nbsp; promise as the first subhead so as you can see&nbsp;&nbsp; this isn't like the type of copy that gary&nbsp; bencivenga uses he's very big he's really&nbsp;&nbsp; big on proof but this is really heavy on on&nbsp; on promise and i'm not saying it doesn't have&nbsp;&nbsp; proof elements because it does but to my taste&nbsp; at least or compared to gary bencivenga who has&nbsp;&nbsp; proof marketing um as a specialty like this&nbsp; is really in your face like this is what&nbsp;&nbsp; you get and it's a big big bold promise so&nbsp; basically the copywriter says self-healing&nbsp;&nbsp; which is the natural result of doing these&nbsp; exercises on a regular basis is guaranteed&nbsp;&nbsp; so yeah it's a it's a pretty big promise but uh&nbsp; hey it worked so this is what people want and&nbsp;&nbsp; you know one of the cool things about copy&nbsp; is that everybody has an opinion about it&nbsp;&nbsp; like some people think this is brilliant&nbsp; and some people think this is garbage but&nbsp;&nbsp; it's it's safe to basically just ignore all those&nbsp; people because at the end of the day what really&nbsp;&nbsp; matters is how well the copy converted how well it&nbsp; worked and you know what for 20 years it worked so&nbsp;&nbsp; you might like it you might not like it but this&nbsp; is what worked in that time for those people okay&nbsp;&nbsp; so from this point on uh you know after this this&nbsp; first sub head we have a few paragraphs which&nbsp;&nbsp; which have quotes and this kind of serves&nbsp; serves as proof so uh the first one is&nbsp;&nbsp; it just showcases how this is fast and easy and&nbsp; remember people want fast and easy and anything&nbsp;&nbsp; the not the the second one highlights how it's&nbsp; not difficult the third one highlights uh the&nbsp;&nbsp; reason why behind the unit mechanism so how the&nbsp; unique mechanism works and why it's so powerful&nbsp;&nbsp; and then that's the whole second paragraph&nbsp; the second part here and then from there on&nbsp;&nbsp; out we get to more content elements and this is&nbsp; something that gary bencivanga once again one&nbsp;&nbsp; of my favorite copywriters was big on is to make&nbsp; your advertisement itself very valuable okay so&nbsp;&nbsp; basically what eugene schwartz came up with here&nbsp; i think it's brilliant because it basically um&nbsp;&nbsp; just describes a few exercises a few&nbsp; sample exercises that you can use&nbsp;&nbsp; uh to just give this whole thing like to get&nbsp; a better taste of how this whole thing works&nbsp;&nbsp; and this is really smart because it involves&nbsp; the reader it acts kind of like a demonstration&nbsp;&nbsp; it's like hey do this like sit or stand with&nbsp; your hands simply extend it in front of your&nbsp;&nbsp; chest at the level of your shoulders as shown&nbsp; on page 82. so it's first of all it creates&nbsp;&nbsp; like curiosity like hey what can that be but&nbsp; secondly it involves people people start like&nbsp;&nbsp; like getting in those positions they start&nbsp; imagining like how how can this be and&nbsp;&nbsp; once they're moving once they're acting&nbsp; doing something that you want them to do&nbsp;&nbsp; it's much more likely that they'll become buyers&nbsp; later on when you ask them to buy something&nbsp;&nbsp; because they've already done something so it's a&nbsp; it's an interesting psychological phenomenon but&nbsp;&nbsp; it definitely works and eugene schwartz knew this&nbsp; and by just giving away a little bit of content&nbsp;&nbsp; from uh from this this product um he he acts&nbsp; as kind of a demonstration which can be really&nbsp;&nbsp; powerful just think of all those infomercials a&nbsp; few years ago like billy mays and people like that&nbsp;&nbsp; it's really powerful uh then after this part we&nbsp; have basically more explanation of how this thing&nbsp;&nbsp; works and uh although in my opinion you know the&nbsp; question of faith still remains uh a problem here&nbsp;&nbsp; so if people don't necessarily believe in this&nbsp; type of healing uh they are they're gonna call&nbsp;&nbsp; this [ __ ] but then again probably they are&nbsp; not the the correct target audience that we're&nbsp;&nbsp; targeting here okay so um so uh you always&nbsp; have to uh keep in mind who you're writing&nbsp;&nbsp; to because you're not writing to everybody you're&nbsp; writing to a specific target audience and you have&nbsp;&nbsp; to validate their pain spheres hopes and dreams&nbsp; so above this part we basically have a little&nbsp;&nbsp; section about the author itself about stefan&nbsp; t chang and here we have another disguised&nbsp;&nbsp; big promise it's like instant improvement uh&nbsp; here we have a headshot of him and because&nbsp;&nbsp; he's chinese and you know especially back in&nbsp; those days everything that that was oriental&nbsp;&nbsp; like meditation and like new age stuff you know&nbsp; all these things that came from uh from the east&nbsp;&nbsp; had kind of uh an exotic element to them&nbsp; it's like oh those chinese people sure&nbsp;&nbsp; know how to do certain stuff like they must&nbsp; have some secrets that we here in the west&nbsp;&nbsp; kind of forgot and that's the same tone that&nbsp; that the first line also plays at because&nbsp;&nbsp; uh eugene schwartz says at last new although it is&nbsp; 4 000 years old uh self-healing method so it's new&nbsp;&nbsp; because it's kind of been rediscovered by the west&nbsp; but it's proven because it's 4 000 years it's like&nbsp;&nbsp; ayurvedic medicine or something like that so&nbsp; after this this headshot we basically just have&nbsp;&nbsp; proof elements that you know this is the guy&nbsp; who knows what he's talking about because&nbsp;&nbsp; he has all these various titles and qualifications&nbsp; and it just this whole thing just builds up his&nbsp;&nbsp; authority okay so that's the the main thing here&nbsp; and then we have even more credibility building so&nbsp;&nbsp; this whole two sections it's all about credibility&nbsp; and proof but then jumping back to the main&nbsp;&nbsp; mail main sales message here we have another&nbsp; subhead which says and these are the results&nbsp;&nbsp; dr chang promises you and a cool thing&nbsp; about this and i never seen this before&nbsp;&nbsp; in some places is that everything has uh quotes&nbsp; here so they're kind of like testimonials although&nbsp;&nbsp; i'm not really sure to be honest whether these&nbsp; were true testimonials or not but their their seam&nbsp;&nbsp; as testimonial testimonials but at the same time&nbsp; they have tons of benefits as well so it's like&nbsp;&nbsp; putting bullets and fascinations but disguised as&nbsp; testimonials all throughout uh the this part so&nbsp;&nbsp; everything from here it's various benefits coupled&nbsp; with demonstrative elements as kind of like&nbsp;&nbsp; testimonials and then even until this point you&nbsp; know it's like it's like proto fascinations what i&nbsp;&nbsp; would call them it's like almost fascinations but&nbsp; not quite but they kind of serve the same purpose&nbsp;&nbsp; although they don't have that much uh curiosity to&nbsp; them so it's more like more like benefits and and&nbsp;&nbsp; demonstrative elements plus all this by dr chang&nbsp; that's the other subhead here and then once again&nbsp;&nbsp; here we have bullets but this time without the&nbsp; quotes so these are kind of testimonial style&nbsp;&nbsp; bullets but these are true like bullets like how&nbsp; to bullets which are also act as fascinations okay&nbsp;&nbsp; so it's like uh how to check stomach sag merely&nbsp; by concentrating on your feet wow like that sounds&nbsp;&nbsp; interesting i want to find out uh it also has like&nbsp; a benefit to it it also has a curiosity aspect to&nbsp;&nbsp; it so what can it be and a bunch of these bullets&nbsp; these build desire so that's their main part&nbsp;&nbsp; and then we have the last subhead which is as&nbsp; dr chang said if one never has a mild illness&nbsp;&nbsp; then a serious disease will never develop&nbsp; so this is just like a a easily repeatable&nbsp;&nbsp; little quote from dr chang if let's say the uh&nbsp; the reader just wants to like tell something&nbsp;&nbsp; about this promotion that that that they read&nbsp; to their spouse for example it's like hey honey&nbsp;&nbsp; i want to buy this book because it's so cool it's&nbsp; it talks about like rubbing your your disease away&nbsp;&nbsp; and you know dr chang actually said that you know&nbsp; if it if one uh never has a mild illness then a&nbsp;&nbsp; serious disease will never develop as well and&nbsp; then you know honey that actually makes sense so&nbsp;&nbsp; that's that that is the aim of this part okay to&nbsp; just act as as like nod okay not type of copy for&nbsp;&nbsp; people it's that they can agree with it and it's&nbsp; uh it's something that if they agree with again&nbsp;&nbsp; they're much more likely to buy something later&nbsp; on i think that is the the main use of it here&nbsp;&nbsp; so then we have some preemptive objection handling&nbsp; always an important part in in any sales message&nbsp;&nbsp; so to just like discover what people will have&nbsp; problems with and uh and preemptively answer them&nbsp;&nbsp; so uh this is like how you know most&nbsp; medical men would have left at taoist&nbsp;&nbsp; medical inventions but look at them now&nbsp; like acupuncture then we have some proof&nbsp;&nbsp; then we have another proof element like you know&nbsp; thousands of people are healing themselves already&nbsp;&nbsp; with this thing like do you want to become the&nbsp; next success story who also like heals because of&nbsp;&nbsp; this and then we have the ordering instructions so&nbsp; very simple just basically send your payment here&nbsp;&nbsp; and that's it and we have risk reversal elements&nbsp; so pretty uh pretty simple at the end ma&nbsp;&nbsp; you know to be honest who am i to like&nbsp; really critique eugene schwartz but to my&nbsp;&nbsp; taste actually especially this version because&nbsp; again remember there's there's another more um&nbsp;&nbsp; extended version to this uh which i know for&nbsp; a fact that it did really really well but for&nbsp;&nbsp; this version this little end seems to go out&nbsp; with whimper to my taste because it's like here&nbsp;&nbsp; are the ordering instructions it's it's kind of a&nbsp; relatively weak call to action there's no sign off&nbsp;&nbsp; there's no well for a news like this type of space&nbsp; ad you wouldn't necessarily have a sign off but&nbsp;&nbsp; but something more like i don't know gary halbert&nbsp; always uses a bunch of cool things at the end of&nbsp;&nbsp; his uh his ads you know uh to me this this kind&nbsp; of sounds a little bit weak but again like it it&nbsp;&nbsp; worked so like why over complicate it if it works&nbsp; why if it ain't broke don't fix it right you don't&nbsp;&nbsp; necessarily have to force something on it um but&nbsp; but yeah i mean this this thing definitely worked&nbsp;&nbsp; and as i said you know this had several versions&nbsp; of it the message obviously resonated with people&nbsp;&nbsp; and i'm sure you can also learn a lot from this&nbsp; as well especially on how to make claims and how&nbsp;&nbsp; to make big promises like something something&nbsp; memorable like this that people immediately are&nbsp;&nbsp; like what the hell like how can i what that's&nbsp; that's the effect that you're looking for it's&nbsp;&nbsp; just that nowadays you probably need more proof&nbsp; than this okay but but this is very important&nbsp;&nbsp; the other important concept that you can take away&nbsp; from this is to offer like a demonstrative element&nbsp;&nbsp; or try to involve people as they're reading the ad&nbsp; itself the the sales letter as they're reading it&nbsp;&nbsp; try to involve them so that they actually do&nbsp; something during it because then you're much&nbsp;&nbsp; more likely to uh to convert them into customers&nbsp; so yeah with that being said that's that's this&nbsp;&nbsp; um promotion again from eugene schwartz one of the&nbsp; best copywriters of all time and if you enjoyed&nbsp;&nbsp; this then feel free to like the video uh comment&nbsp; share you know subscribe all that good stuff and&nbsp;&nbsp; uh that way you will definitely not miss all these&nbsp; cool uh in-depth breakdown videos that i'm doing&nbsp;&nbsp; uh but that's it for this one see you in the&nbsp; next one thanks again for watching cheers

  Top Comments:
  1. @christaraeka4320 [1 likes]: Day 37. thanks csaba
  2. @GameofConversions: 👉 FREE Cheat Sheet -- The “Secret Recipe” behind 100 of the most profitable ads of all time -- https://gameofconversions.com/copywriting-secrets --  Apply this simple, step-by-step formula to your marketing and watch your conversion rates and sales soar! 

🔥 Check out the FULL playlist here: https://bit.ly/100SalesLetterBreakdowns
  3. @Leon-d3s2q: 37/100✅
  4. @eugene2573: Csaba: "Confirm their beliefs and move them to take action."

Me: It's like hitting the nail on It's head... Baam! You drive through their objections
Easy peasy😀 

Thanks! Champ🏆
  5. @massivejew5065: FIRST

- Deep Dive into Eugene Schwartz Package: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome back everyone to another deep dive. Yeah. And uh today we're going kind of back in time a little bit to explore the work of I guess you could say a true advertising legend, Eugene Schwarz. Mhm. And um what we've got here is a website showcasing like a whole collection of his ads. Yeah. And it really is. It's like opening of a time capsule like filled with, you know, marketing gold. Get this. This guy Schwarz boasted an 85% success rate with his ads. Wow. 85%. I mean, in the world of advertising, I mean, yeah, that's unheard of. That's practically unheard of. Yeah. You just don't see that very often. It's remarkable. And what's even more interesting is, I think, the variety of his work. You know, we're not just talking about, you know, catchy headlines, although there are plenty of those, but like entire ad campaigns for some really major players in direct response marketing. Okay. Companies like Rodale, Boardroom Reports, familiar with those. Yeah. And this website is really making the argument that like studying these ads is like getting a master class in persuasive writing. Okay. So that's that's a big claim right there. So I mean why should we care about ads written like decades ago, right? I mean are they really relevant in today's like you know digital world? Yeah. What can someone who's say you know designing a website or sending out you know email newsletters Yeah. What can they learn from a guy who wrote like print ads in the MadMen era? That's a great question and you know the website actually addresses that pretty directly. Okay. They argue that the principles of persuasion are timeless. Mhm. You know, human psychology hasn't changed that much. And Schwarz really understood how to tap into those like deep-seated desires and anxieties that drive us to act. Okay. So, we're we're talking about more than just clever word play here. This is about understanding like the deeper psychology behind what makes people tick. Exactly. And I think to really see that in action, we need to go beyond just the headlines, as tempting as they are, and look at the structure of his full ads. Like he had a way of building an argument, anticipating objections, and ultimately leading the reader to a desired outcome. So, let's let's look at some examples, okay? Um, this collection has 204 headlines alone, ranging from the wildly provocative like, okay, 71-year-old man has sexual congress five times a day. Definitely grabs your attention, doesn't it? It does. But then you also have headlines like, "How to beat the giant food companies and save up to 95 cents on every dollar." And that one feels particularly relevant today with inflation and all. Yeah, for sure. So, how did he use these headlines to actually like draw people into the rest of the ad? What kind of strategies was he using? Well, in one ad for a book on memory improvement, the headline reads, "Give me one evening and I'll give you a push button memory." Okay, it's bold. It promises a desirable outcome. And it creates curiosity about this so-called push button memory. And then in the body of the ad, he goes on to like paint a picture of the reader effortlessly remembering names, dates, important information. He addresses the reader's potential skepticism by offering testimonials and even a money back guarantee. Wow. So, you know, he builds this compelling case, making the reader really want that push button memory. It's like he's creating a world where your problems are solved and all you have to do is buy this product to get there. That's exactly it. He's not just selling a product. He's selling a solution, a better version of yourself. Now, one thing that stood out to me on this website was the mention of multiple versions of ads with the same headline, right? What's the significance of that? That's one of the things that makes this collection so valuable, I think. Yep. It lets us peek behind the curtain and see Schwarz's process. He was constantly testing and refining his message, tweaking the copy, the layout, even the visuals to see what resonated most with his audience. So, even a legendary copywriter like Schwarz wasn't afraid to experiment. Nope. That's kind of reassuring actually. Yeah. It means even the best are always learning and evolving. Absolutely. And for someone studying his work, right, it's fascinating to see how these subtle changes can impact and adds effectiveness. You might have one version that focuses more on logic and reasoning while another uses more emotional language and storytelling. And by comparing those different approaches, Yeah. you can start to understand what works best in different situations. Precisely. It's like having a laboratory for persuasive writing. Wow. And you get to analyze the results of each experiment. I like that. Yeah. So now this collection is being marketed as a swipe file specifically for copywriters and marketers. Mhm. Can you explain what a swipe file is and how someone might use it ethically and effectively? A swipe file is basically a collection of successful marketing materials that copywriters and marketers use for inspiration and to study effective techniques. Okay. Now, the ethical part comes in when we talk about how to use it. Simply copying someone else's work verbatim is obviously not okay, right? That would be plagiarism and probably wouldn't get you very far anyway. Exactly. The real value of a swipe file like this is in understanding the underlying principles. Okay. The strategy behind the words like why did Schwarz choose this particular phrase? Why did he structure the argument this way? So, it's more about learning from a master craftsman. Yeah. than just copying their designs. Think of it as dissecting a brilliant piece of machinery. Okay? You're taking it apart to see how all the gears and levers work together. Not just trying to replicate the exterior. I like that analogy. Yeah. It makes it clear that you're not trying to steal someone else's work, right? But rather understand the thought process behind it so you can apply those same principles to your own creative endeavors. And that's where the real power of studying someone like Schwarz comes in. Okay? He wasn't just throwing things at the wall and seeing what stuck, right? He was a meticulous craftsman who understood the psychology of persuasion. And this website really emphasizes that idea that principles never change. Human desires and motivations haven't really changed that much over time. Right. Right. Technology may change, platforms may change, but the core principles of persuasive communication remain remarkably consistent. So, even though we're talking about ads from a different era, the lessons we can learn from them are still relevant today. Absolutely. And in some ways, studying older ads like this can be even more valuable because they strip away all the distractions of modern marketing. Yeah. You're left with the raw essence of persuasive writing. It's like getting a glimpse into the fundamental building blocks of effective communication. That's a great way to put it. And those building blocks are what we're going to explore further in this deep dive. All right. So, we've established that Eugene Schwarz was a master of his craft and that his work is still relevant today, even for people who aren't necessarily in the advertising industry, right? But this collection isn't just about headlines and ad copy, right? Yeah. It also includes some pretty intriguing bonus materials. It does indeed. And some of these bonuses offer even deeper insights into Schwarz's process and techniques. There's one in particular that I think you'll find fascinating. Okay, here's where it gets really interesting, right? There's this bonus called Eugene Schwarz Lai at Rooddale Press. Yeah. It's a recording of him actually talking about his copywriting process. It's like getting a backstage pass to the mind of a copywriting legend. You know, it's amazing. It is. He talks about how he approaches writing copy, how he structures his time, and how he overcomes writer's block. It's uh it's a fantastic resource for anyone who wants to learn from the best. It's like having a direct line to his creative process. Yeah. And there's another bonus that caught my eye. Uh 127 winning headlines by Eugene M. Sch. Schwarz and Lawrence Bernstein. Talk about headline inspiration. This bonus is pure gold for anyone looking for headline ideas. Yeah. It breaks down different types of headlines and shows you how to craft ones that are attention grabbing, benefit driven, and targeted to your audience. So, we've got the swipe file, the live recording, and a treasure trove of winning headlines. It's like a copywriter's dream toolkit. Before we get too carried away with the practical stuff, I want to go back to something you mentioned earlier. Schwarz's ability to tap into what he called mass desires. What do you mean by that? Schwarz believed that certain deep-seated desires are common to almost everyone regardless of their age, background, or income level. Things like the desire for wealth, health, love, and happiness. Okay, those are pretty universal. So, how did he use that insight in his advertising? Well, he was a master at identifying those desires and then crafting his copy to speak directly to them. He didn't just sell products. He sold solutions to those deep-seated longings. Can you give us a specific example? Sure. Let's take the ad for the memory improvement book we discussed earlier. The headline, give me one evening and I'll give you a push button memory. Isn't just about remembering facts and figures. It taps into the desire for self-improvement, the longing for a sharper mind and a better memory. It speaks to the frustration of forgetting important information and the desire for greater confidence and control in social and professional settings. So, it's not just about listing the features and benefits. It's about connecting those features and benefits to a deeper emotional need. Exactly. He understood that people buy based on emotion and then justify their decisions with logic. His copy was designed to evoke those emotions, to make people feel something, to create a connection that went beyond just the product itself. Now, the website mentions that Schwarz achieve like amazing results while working within the constraints of direct response marketing. Can you explain what that means and why it's significant? Direct response marketing is all about getting a measurable response from your audience. It's about tracking results, testing different approaches, and constantly refining your message to get the most bang for your buck. So, it's not just about creating a clever ad, right? It's about making sure that ad translates into sales leads or whatever the desired outcome is. Precisely. And this is where Schwarz excelled. He wasn't just a creative genius. He was a resultsdriven marketer who understood the importance of data and measurement. He knew that every word, every image, every layout decision had to contribute to the overall goal of getting people to take action. That makes sense. Especially in the world of direct mail and print advertising where you're paying for every inch of space and every postage stamp, right? You need to make sure your message is as effective as possible. Exactly. And while the specific metrics may have changed, the underlying principle of focusing on measurable results is just as relevant in today's digital marketing landscape. It sounds like Schwarz was ahead of his time in that regard. His emphasis on data and testing aligns perfectly with the way we approach marketing today. He truly was, and that's one of the reasons why studying his work is so valuable, even if you're not specifically interested in direct response marketing. The principles he used are adaptable to any form of communication where you're trying to persuade or influence someone. All right, we've talked about Schwarz's ability to tap into mass desires, his mastery of direct response marketing, and the enduring relevance of his work in the digital age. But there's one more thing I wanted to touch on. His writing style. What about it intrigues you? Well, from the headlines I've seen, his writing seems very bold, attentiongrabbing, even a bit sensationalistic at times. Is that an accurate assessment? It is. Schwarz wasn't afraid to push the boundaries to use strong language and imagery to capture attention. He knew that in a crowded marketplace, you had to stand out to get noticed. Was that just a stylistic choice, or was there a strategic reason behind it? It was definitely strategic. He understood that grabbing the reader's attention was the first step in getting them to engage with his message. Remember, he was working in a world where people were bombarded with advertising messages. He had to find a way to cut through the clutter and make his ads stand out. So, it was about getting people to stop and pay attention. Yeah. Even if it meant being a little bit provocative. Exactly. But remember, he wasn't just trying to shock people for the sake of it. He was using strong language and imagery to tap into those deep-seated desires and fears that we talked about earlier. He knew how to create a sense of urgency and make people feel like they had to take action. Now, it's like he was using his writing as a scalpel, precisely targeting those emotional pressure points to elicit a response. That's a great analogy. He was a master of using language to create an emotional impact, but he also understood the importance of backing up his claims with logic and evidence. He wasn't just trying to manipulate people. He was trying to persuade them by appealing to both their hearts and their minds. So, it was a balance between grabbing attention and building credibility. Precisely. He knew that you can't just make wild promises without substantiating them. He had to build trust with his audience. And he did that by being both compelling and believable. That's a valuable lesson for anyone who's trying to persuade or influence others. It's not just about being loud or flashy. It's about finding that sweet spot between grabbing attention and building trust. Absolutely. And that's something that Schwarz did exceptionally well. He was a master of storytelling, of creating a narrative that drew the reader in and made them believe in what he was selling. It's fascinating how all these different elements, the psychology, the marketing strategy, the writing style, all come together to create such a powerful and effective approach. That's the beauty of studying the work of a master like Schwarz. You can see how all these different pieces fit together, how they reinforce each other to create something truly remarkable. And the fact that we can access all this knowledge through this website, it's kind of mind-blowing. It's like having a direct line to one of the greatest copywriters of all time. It truly is a treasure trove of information. And I think one of the most valuable things we can learn from Schwarz is that the principles of persuasion are timeless. Technology may change, platforms may change, but the fundamentals of human psychology remain the same. Exactly. And if we can understand those fundamentals, we can become more effective communicators in any field. And speaking of fields, I'm curious about how Schwarz's work has influenced the advertising we see today. That's a great question and a perfect segue into the next part of our discussion. We've explored the foundations of Schwarz's brilliance and now it's time to see how his legacy continues to shape the world of advertising even decades after his most famous campaigns. So, we've been kind of traveling back in time exploring the advertising world of Eugene Schwarz. But now, let's like fast forward to the present. What echoes of his genius can we find in today's advertising landscape? You know, it's fascinating how even though the platforms have changed so much, right from print and direct mail to like online videos and social media posts, a lot of the principles that Schwarz use are still totally in play. Like what? Give us some specific examples. Okay. Well, think about those like clickbait headlines we see all over the internet. Oh, yeah. The ones promising, you know, life-changing secrets or shocking revelations. Yeah. They might be dressed up in modern digital garb, but they're using the same attentiongrabbing techniques that Schweitz mastered. So that Schwarzian boldness, that in-your-face style, it's still effective even in the age of Tik Tok and Instagram. It absolutely is. In a world overflowing with information, grabbing someone's attention is the first battle. And Schwarz was a master at that. Sure. He understood the power of a strong hook, you know, of making a bold claim that stops people in their tracks. And it's not just about shock value, right? He was also a master of like connecting with people's desires and fears. Exactly. He knew how to tap into those deep-seated motivations that drive our decisions. Think about those ads for online courses that promise to like transform your career or help you achieve financial freedom. Oh, yeah. They're not just selling information. Right. They're selling a vision of a better future, a solution to a deep-seated yearning. It's like they're selling a feeling, an aspiration. Aspiration rather than just a product. Precisely. And that's something Schwarz understood intuitively. Yeah. He knew that people buy based on emotion and then justify their decisions with logic. So he crafted his copy to evoke those emotions to paint a picture of a world where your problems are solved and your desires are fulfilled. And this ties back to his concept of mass desires, right? The idea that certain fundamental desires are universal regardless of time or place. Absolutely. Whether it's the desire for love, security status, or self-improvement, these desires are as potent today as they were in Schwarz's time. And advertisers are constantly finding new ways to tap into them. So the next time I see an ad that makes me feel something, whether it's excitement, curiosity, or even a bit of fear, Yeah. I should ask myself, what deeper desire is this ad trying to appeal to? That's a great habit to develop. It helps you become a more discerning consumer, more aware of the persuasive techniques being used. And who knows, it might even inspire you to use those techniques yourself in your own writing and communication. So, attentiongrabbing headlines appealing to deep-seated desires. What other echoes of Schwarz can we find in modern advertising? Another one is the use of storytelling. Okay. Schwarz was a master of creating narratives that drew the reader in, made them feel like they were part of something bigger. You know, he used vivid language, compelling characters, and emotional appeals to create a connection with his audience. And that's something we see a lot in modern advertising, right? Especially with brands trying to build a strong identity or a loyal following. Absolutely. Think about those commercials that tell heartwarming stories about family, friendship, or overcoming adversity. Oh, yeah. They're not just selling a product. They're selling an emotion, a sense of belonging. It's like they're creating a mini movie that we want to be a part of. Exactly. And that's incredibly powerful. When you can connect with someone on an emotional level, you're much more likely to win them over. So, storytelling, appealing to emotions, creating a sense of connection. These are all techniques that Schwarz used masterfully, and they're still incredibly effective today. They are. And that's why studying his work is so valuable. He provides a blueprint for effective communication regardless of the medium or the message. Now, before we wrap up, I want to go back to something you mentioned earlier about Schwarz being a resultsdriven marketer. How did he measure the effectiveness of his ads, especially in a pre-digital world? That's a great question, and it highlights another important aspect of his genius. Schwarz was obsessed with tracking results. He used things like coupon codes and unique phone numbers to track how many people responded to each ad. He was constantly testing different approaches, tweaking headlines, copy, and layouts to see what generated the most responses. So, he was basically AB testing before AB testing was a thing. Exactly. He understood that data was essential for improving his craft. He wasn't just relying on intuition or guesswork. He was using hard numbers to guide his decisions. And that datadriven approach is even more important in today's digital world where we have access to a wealth of information about how people are interacting with our content. Absolutely. We can track clicks, conversions, engagement rates, and all sorts of other metrics. And that data can be incredibly valuable for optimizing our marketing efforts. It's like having a real-time feedback loop telling us what's working and what's not. And it allows us to make adjustments on the fly. Precisely. And that's something that Schwarz would have absolutely loved. He was a pioneer in using data to drive marketing decisions and his legacy continues to inspire marketers today. Well, we've covered a lot of ground in this deep dive into the world of Eugene Schwarz. We've explored his techniques, his philosophy, and his lasting impact on the world of advertising. And I think the biggest takeaway is that the principles of persuasion are timeless. Human psychology hasn't changed that much, and the techniques that worked for shorts decades ago are still incredibly effective today. So whether you're writing a marketing campaign, crafting an email, or even just trying to be more persuasive in your everyday conversations, the lessons we can learn from Schwarz are invaluable. They are. And I encourage everyone to explore his work further. Read his book, Breakthrough Advertising. Study his ads, and see how you can apply his principles to your own communication. It's like having a secret weapon in your persuasion arsenal. Exactly. And who knows, maybe by understanding these techniques a little better, we can all become a bit more discerning consumers, a bit more immune to the manipulative tactics that are sometimes used in advertising. That's a goal worth striving for. Well, folks, we've reached the end of our deep dive. We hope you've enjoyed the journey and learned a thing or two along the way. And remember, the best way to truly understand the power of Schwarz's work is to experience it firsthand. So go check out some of his ads, read his book, and see if you can spot those timeless principles in action. Until next time, keep exploring, keep learning, and keep asking those insightful questions. This is the deep dive signing

- How to work more efficiently and sell more, by Eugene Schwartz: Kind: captions Language: en okay guys so we're talking again about Eugene Schwarz um amazing copywriter amazing Advertiser and um we spoke about the way he didn't really write copy he claims that he mostly assembled copy from the claims that were made in the books that he was selling he was mostly in the in the business of selling books and you can do this for example even if you're advertising a physical product let's say that you're advertising I don't know a stereo system yeah you can you would have to not not you can you would have to read all the literature about that product and possibly even try to get um the company to send you that um that equipment so that you can test it and very often what you have to write in the ad is just very evident stuff that is you know maybe maybe it's too obvious but it works yeah if for example your sound system helps you work better or it lifts the mood in your home um if it allows you to lose weight because you danc the music music that you play any of those things yeah that you that you experience or that other people experience with this type of uh equipment equipment would be something that you can use and assemble in your copy and assemble in your ad right um now the main thing that I want to talk to you about is Eugene schwarz's claimed that he was the hardest working copywriter and I don't think that he worked very long days in copy I think he did maybe four sessions uh of of U maybe uh I think it was four sessions of 33 minutes what he did something like that so he worked about three hours a day total and uh he had I think we have it today it's called a Pomodoro it's basically Ally just a work alarm so it's a little Gadget that counts I don't know how much time you want to work 30 minutes and then it counts also your break time yeah so what he did was he would put his uh timer for 33 minutes then he would work for 33 minutes really concentrated and then after that he would take a break and the break was had nothing to do with uh what he was doing in his ad yeah clear your brain and then he would come back and do only 33 minutes yeah and I wish I remembered this every time I have um I have to sit down and write an ad because I tend to work much longer than that but I think his method is better it keeps you fresher it keeps you more alert um because you take breaks so uh here we have a wonderful ads a wonderful ad a lot of nice things to talk about first of all super easy to read headline because it's so um it's big enough it's in a font that is easy to read uh something like a Times New Roman it seems to be and it has uh it is broken into two different sizes yeah the whole headline starts at the very top at a smaller size and then the big promise is in big size yeah do you have the courage to earn half a million dollar a year yeah and um this was written at a time when women were not in business as much and so you can see the picture on the right of the guy succeeding with the women and then the subhe headline says this is a private advertisement it is meant for the tremendously am ambitious man only so it also brings a certain degree of exclusivity and it also kind of dares a person it dares the man to have the courage to earn this amount of money it dares the man to be tremendously ambitious yeah so uh ladies please don't be AF that this was a different time we can still learn from these ads uh even though they are written uh for men only but we're we are at a different time and we understand uh that uh times have changed and that women should be included yeah but we can still learn from these wonderful old ads yeah so um obviously I don't have time here to read the entire ad and analyze it but uh the ad is uh another Jewel and it has here at the bottom right it has a testimonial from a person in business an important person in business so very very well written ad um mail no risk coupon today yeah the um the mail um sorry the order form um also has the promise inside gentlemen yes I want to read how to increase your money making power yeah so how to increase your money-making power is another promise it's the same promise basically but written out differently and a lot of people say that the order form should have should sell the book in of itself or should sell the product in of itself and you might say oh but is an old ad we don't have order forms well we do have order forms on websites right and then you uh you click on buy now and then you have an order form and it's amazing how our new order forms online don't have any promises and I think that we are probably losing um losing conversions losing sales when we do this but um you know we usually don't even have an option to write anything in the or order form like I have I have a website I sell items online and um I have sold products on Amazon as well I used I used to sell thermoses on Amazon and you never asked you know whether you can you know add some some advertising copy in the order form that's that's just out of your jurisdiction it's only their their uh order form not yours so um I think we can learn from that if you have your own website you can try to spice up your order form and here wonderful easy to read headline very well done everything guys I have a book that you should read because it's free top 10 uh rules for successful advertising and the link is in the description and it's completely free all the best thank you please subscribe

- Breakthrough Advertising: How to Write Ads | Eugene Schwartz Rare Video Recording: Kind: captions Language: en um before we get started like was I was researching a little introduction for uh uh Our Guest jeene Schwarz I was going through some industry uh Publications and books and I came across a couple of quotes that I just want to uh read I I picked out three of the many that I came across one first one is if any writer has set the tone style for successfully marketing books to Consumers it's Eugene Schwarz uh that I believe was in Denny hatch's book in an issue of um DM news uh I found no writer in the business can match schwarz's energy intensity and ability to pile benefits on benefits on top of benefits and then the final one that I sort of liked and pulled out and um I don't have it referenced but it was the right of passage for anyone entering this industry should be to memor Miz one of Jean schwarz's packages after understanding the marketing creative and copy strategy underlying it so that's really um a lot of Praise that has been written over the years of uh Jean's uh writing abilities and his uh uh direct marketing strategic abilities it's really an honor for me to be introducing jeene Schwarz today um our first work experience together was in 1984 uh when I worked with Jean to write a new ad for Mark br L's practical Encyclopedia of natural healing and at that time the the book had already sold uh I believe um several hundred thousand copies and was like noticeably fatiguing and Jean wrote a new uh package for us that I think he's going to show today that doubled response and uh went on to sell another million copies or more over time since that initial experience uh Jean has has written 30 Direct Mail Packages for Rodell books winning 27 times uh his ads have sold almost 8 million copies of Rodell books and have generated $200 million in revenues for us uh this track record is unprecedented in the mail order industry Jean started in the mail order business in 1951 uh he began he began as a delivery boy with a mail order advertising agency he was trained as a junior copywriter that same year and less than three years later he had already sold hundreds of thousands of dollars of books plants and games through mail order in 1954 he started his own mail order business and he has since sold hundreds of millions of dollars worth of almost every conceivable product through the mail both for his own firms and as one of the world's highest paid Consultants he's lectured and taught extensively and has built one of the most famous collections of Modern Art in the world he's written nine books including breakthrough advertising which is considered a mail order classic and his latest book uh which we have a copy for each of you after raene's speech the Brilliance breakthrough how to talk and write so that people will never forget you it's like talking about great promises in responding to um a question about his early success in the mail order business Jean simply replied I had wonderful teachers then uh today jeene Schwarz will take the role of teacher and convey to you what he's learned in his 40 plus years of the mail order advertising so Jean it's all yours that's wonderful um I'm delighted to be here I am so happy to be here I can't tell you uh as Pat said I've had a long relationship with this firm uh it's certainly if not the best among the very best mot publishing firms in America um it don't only does superb advertising and marvelous publication but the people here universally are wonderful to work with if you're a freelance consultant and you work with a firm uh you run into all kinds of people and the people here have just absolutely been marvelous and I've loved working with them they've been tolerant uh because I'm usually a week late with coffee uh they've been creative uh there's a wonderful piece of copy uh which I just did and don't have because I didn't know was a hit until I came down here uh and which the uh person who was in charge of it said uh we got your copy today and uh we loved it we thought it was wonderful everything was so wonderful we'd just like you to rewrite it completely and uh this great tack overwhelmed me and and I completely rewrote it within two days it's and uh it did pay off I understand so it's fine um I want to tell you what I'm going to do today I attempt to do today um if you work with computers and I love computers um you can say to a computer that's building programs with you or solving programs and non um word processing tasks um after it's come up with a correct solution you can say be transparent be completely open and show me every single step that you took now the computer has no non-transparency circuits human beings have enormous amount of non-transparency circuits so the computer will then show you every step it took by studying that you can learn how the computer it solved it and computers are very inventive believe it or not um I'm going to be completely transparent with you today um this was not a suggestion of rodale to me this was a suggestion of me to rodale I asked Pat whether he would like me to come down and talk um I like writing I like copywriting I like merchandising and um I think I discovered a few very simple obvious ways of doing this and I think it would be nice for you and the other clients I had if I came down and talked to you about them so I'm going to tell you the complete truth I'm going to tell you anything you want to know I'm going to be completely redundant and completely infantile because I'm going to start at the very very very simple things that you already know and then I'm going to work through some things that perhaps you do and do not know um let me start with the most important principle of success in publishing in Life or any task what you want to achieve goals and of course it is very simply hard work now I am let's see if I got 27 out of 30 hits then I have a 90% ratio which is pretty good okay I got that not because I'm extremely talented or extremely creative or anything like that I like to think of myself as working harder than anybody I'm tested against um there are much better copywriters writing for your firm than I am um there is nobody writing for your firm that I know of that works harder than I do and you have what I call the Super Bowl of mayot of publishing here uh what happens is uh you are given uh you get a book and you hire two copywriters and you don't tell them who's the other person and you say write the copy here write copy there and we'll test it okay it is the Super Bowl it is the best in the world you know you're coming up against when you white for rale you know you're coming up against the best most talented brightest oldest youngest people in the world and you're going to have to beat them and how do you beat them um the only way I know to beat people as inventive and creative as these these folk uh is to outwork them and so I long ago invented a system of working hard that is extremely powerful um let's say that I'm called and someone says I'm going to going to send you a manuscript you're going to send me back copy in 5 weeks okay the manuscript arrives the manuscript here now is about 1100 Pages 1100 pages is a lot okay what I do is I take the 1100 pages and I go through it in about two weeks how do I go through it I take the manuscript and I underline or bracket the claims as I go through every page now I put take a red pencil and I put it at the front and back of each claim and perhaps I'll have three pages three claims per page or three pages without claims I am building at that time out of that manuscript a summary a pry or what I call a vocabulary they're all equivalent terms I am getting the guts and the heart and the meat and the gist out of that manuscript now now I go through every single page if it's 113 pages I go through every single page when I am done I as I am done as I am doing I send it over to my secretary or to a freelance typist and that person types up my vocabulary it will come back to me between 50 and 60 Pages they will be essentially what I see as the strongest points in the book now I think it's important to know that I don't really have any ideas when I open the book I take the table of contents and I put it to the side I don't even look at it I start at the first page of of the book itself and I work my way through the last page of the book I am not interested really in what other people think is in the book I am interested only in the book itself um I want to come across the claims as surprises I want them to Astound me I want them to move me I don't want to come to them with a vision of my own okay now as I'm going through tedious terribly tedious work can't be done more than an hour a day CU you lose it after a while you can't read anymore and so you have to only do it an hour a day that's why it take two two weeks um as I'm going through that I will get ideas of course in response to the ideas in the book I carefully take them and I write them on a little piece of paper Okay um I don't do much with them I just scratched them out of my own little short hand and put them aside when I get back the vocabulary the vocabulary is in print and it's on a dis I put the dis in my machine and I'm ready to go I start with the top again and I start now organizing selecting inspiring associating everything else again finally I have a rough ad now if you put 50 pages into a computer into a single file the computer will not like you it will be very unhappy with this it'll have indigestion and it will take a long time to go from Back to Front you may lose Stuff Etc so the computer will force categorization on you it will force you to force you to break it up into blocks and you you will find yourself pulling things out and placing them in separate manageable files so your first organization is dictated by the computer's necessity then I write my beginning ad no headline now no sub headlines no flyer headlines nothing like that just sheer claims when I am through with that 3 weeks have passed and the pressure is building up I can feel the people down here are getting very nervous and the phone calls sometimes sneak through how you doing wonderful oh it's great yeah Sensational I can feel the strength uh how about s this the envelope oh I can't do that right now I want to find it Well I haven't even written the envelope I haven't the word of the envelope I'm still building okay begin selecting those claims which are the most unusual and the most powerful I'll explain how I arrive at those decisions and I began writing my envelope or I began writing my heads or I began getting the big type stuff by the time I've done that the fourth week is passed and I now take everything I've done it's not finished yet but it's certainly taking shape and it's beginning to look like what you're going to see when this stuff goes out and I go back over it with the manuscript I check again I made little notes I put a little check something's wrong here something's missing or something hasn't quite yelled here so I go back over it again when I am through on the fifth week and I send down the copy I want to know the book as well or even better than the editor um I'm going to give you two I'm going to spend a lot of time on this because this is what makes success there's nothing else in the world that makes success as much as this I will take the best copywriter in the world who is sloppy and careless and match him against the good copy cub and two out of three times the sloppiness of the great person will be beaten by the carefulness of the other person because the power of the ad for a book or a product any publication or any instrument is always in the product itself it's not in the copywriter the copywriter simply finds it and expresses it okay I wrote a had recently for a book for a doctor who I had never worked with before who was not a rale author at all and I sent him the copy and he sent the copy back and one of the copy said you can eat uh fat meat and eggs and he crossed out the word eggs and I called him and never spoken to him I said Doctor I I don't understand why you cross out the word eggs and he said well um because I never used anything about eggs eggs can't could be controlled and I said but doctor on page 164 there is this sentence about eggs which I quoted and he laughed now why did he laugh he laughed because I am an amateur who was criticizing an expert about his own text and I knew more about his text at that moment than he did when I heard that loud I was very hopeful that the ad would succeed because I knew that much I spent half my time working on Ma order copy I spent half my time collecting art and I spent half my time writing my own books comes to 150% yes and I'm very busy I damn but I also I recently written a series of books on religion and I was helping and working with one of the leading the leading Christian ofan God Theologian in America a young lady who's absolutely brilliant and beautiful and one you know book award National book award and she was asking me for some editorial comment on her book and she sent me 26 pages I read them and I called her up I sent I called her up and said this is wrong this passage of Mark is wrong and she said but Mark says these three words about Pilate and I said no and she laughed now why did she laugh because she's the best Authority in America on that but she hadn't checked against Mark versus Matthew and they blend in people's mind I had checked exactly the words and that check made the difference between her being attacked in the press for being irresponsible and her being right at no cost I want to be more accurate and more knowledgeable than anyone I come up against you want to be more accurate and more knowledgeable than anyone you won't come up against the person who is the best prepared and the most knowledgeable makes the most money it's so simple he used to be a football coach at West Point during World War II his name was red Blake Smith and he said the will to win means nothing without the will to prepare okay so the first thing is very simple but very important and if everything else I'm going to tell you it means nothing without you work if you'd like to make money if you'd like to live on Park Avenue if you'd like to have a world famous art collection work just work anyone could do it you're all brilliant you wouldn't be here unless you're brilliant you work for a great firm work hard you get there okay I don't say you have to learn work impossible hours now remember that um I work 3 hours a day every single day for five days a week uh that's all I work I work three hours a day after three hours a day I get very tired and I go where someplace else but it's enough that I can do this because I'm better prepared than anyone else okay now how do I work what is the secret I've never had a writer's block I've done 30 ads for Pat I've done dozens of ads for boardroom dozens of ads for myself many ads for Phillips dick Benson Etc I've written nine books I've written many articles I turn out a ton of material continuously I never have a block I always love to write I never stare at the page for more than a few minutes what do I do okay it is tough enormously difficult for you to sit down in front of a blank page or a blank screen and say okay I am going to create especially when you working against the world's best which is where you want to be against the world's best therefore you can't think about beating them you can't think about how much pressure there is you can't think about how much money is involved you can't think about anything except what you're going to write on the page which you're going to take of course from the party now how can you free yourself of all this anxiety all this blockage all this self-doubt that's very simple of course what you do is use an old zen trick uh Zen Masters are enormously proficient they have been for 2,000 years uh and they have a very simple system which I use continually I use every day you walk into the same place that you always ride at now it's got to be now when I say right I mean work at if you do editorial if you're acced executive Etc you're always at the same place at home or at the office I happen to work at home continually I don't ride at the office I don't ride any place else in the world except one desk where I've written for the past 28 years okay that desk is a nice big comfortable desk with an incredibly sloppy amount of paper all over it I create chaos I'm a great chaos Creator I like it because it gives these wonderful little accents okay you come in you got a set time which you may or might not keep I never keep it at somewhere around 9:30 it's usually around 10:00 but I know I'm going to be there every morning you come in and you do the same thing all the time um many people sharpen pencils I don't have pencils so I don't sharpen them but I certainly have my little pen which I live on and so I take that out I take three of them out one two three there there I brought in a cup of coffee I have one cup of coffee in the morning that's my coffee intake for the day I take the coffee I place it down I have a picture of cream very important that I have the picture of cream by the coffee I take it and pour it in the coffee I take the spoon I rotate uh I take the coffee what do here I um take my computer and I ask it to bring up the new road they add I'm working on wonderful it does that there's the 50 page you're staring me page one okay I take this device this is the Liberator this is the thing that frees you from all the anxiety and all the lack of self-confidence in the world it is a timer it is a punchin timer and what I do with it is I do this I take boom boom boom boom and I've got 33.33 minutes I then punch on and it starts thicking down now I put it down and I am set I have no goal for the next 33.3 3 minutes except to work on the copy okay now I don't have to work on the copy there's absolutely no necessity for me to work on the coffee I can sit there I can stare at I can drink the coffee um I can stare some more drink some more coffee um I can do anything in the world except not get up from the desk not do any other that task um not even write my own name I just sit there all right sooner or lat I get bored takes me I might bored him time is about one or two minutes then I begin looking at the copy as I look at the copy I begin paging up and down computer and as I do that something reaches out from that computer and grabs me and says hey aren't I beautiful hey aren't I powerful hey start with me and okay I say okay this is great this is good but it's not quite phrase would wouldn't it be better if we just took these words out and condensed it a little so I do that and then I go a little more and I see another one and I do that and there we are I have no goal that has anything to do except with the copy and the thing that's staring me in the face so I'm not worried about the test or the money or the overhead or the rent or the new car or the new painting that's all gone I'm just working on that now what I do is I work for 33.33 minutes at the end of 33.33 minutes this little thing Rings it's very important that it ring you got to get a timer that Rings because you should be so absorbed that you shouldn't notice the time passing now we've got a timer in this room right here besides this one which is that television camera which which is staring at me that television camera has a 30 minute cycle I believe and what's going to happen at the end of 30 minutes is he's going to wave how many minutes have gone there four minutes late okay four minutes from now this man is going to wave with me and we will have spent 30 minutes together okay when he waves at me I'm going to stop I'm finished I am going to interrupt myself and you and we are all going to sit around and do anything you want go to the bathroom talk uh scratch our heads do anything we want for 5 minutes but we're not going to do any more talking we're not going to do any more listening why because when you're working you're not creating the whole secret is to know when you're working and leave work and go on to Creation what do I mean by that number one copy is not written if any anyone tells you you write copy snear at them copy is not written copy is assembl you do not write copy you assemble it you are working with a series of building blocks and you are putting the building blocks together and then you are putting them in certain structures you're building a little city of desire for your person to come and live in you are not writing you are assembling you are assembling claims you are assembling images and you are assembling desires that people will pay $33 to share with you on a 21 day or 20 I don't know what it is 21 day guarantee so forget about writing anybody in this room who writes copy anyone in this room who works with copy must realize that the person they are working with or the thing they are producing is is not writing get that out of your head because you won't produce good copy the one thing I hate most in the world and shows me absolute disaster is when somebody comes up to me and says wow that headline is so beautiful what did you get those words they're gorgeous I said oh God he's seeing the words he's not seeing through the words he's seeing the words themselves no good if you want to write poetry if you want to write Pros if you want to write novels and if if you want to write literature go outside of advertising words in advertising are like the windows in a store you must be able to look right through them and see the product if you see the window it's dirty and you're going to see yourself or you're going to see the smear you're not going to see the product and you're going to lose copy should never call attention to itself you should never know that you are reading sentences and the words should never pronounce themselves what you want people to see is the visual visceral image of what the words are conveying that is how it works uh you've got to break that fascination with of course you got to have the right words of course You' got to have the punch headline um but when the right words come the people don't see them they feel them here sneaky little arthritis tricks four words none of them is an exceptional word they're all pretty standard mundane words it is their combination that makes their power one of the words is a word that should not be used in advertising sneaky because you know we don't like to sneak around people sneak around they not very appealing we don't want to be identified with those but when a person who has arthritis and has the pain of arthritis and the humiliation and dependency of arthritis sees sneaky little arthritis cure cure tricks uh and if they have gone to doctors and spent hundreds of hours trying to follow doctors and not been able to be helped by doctors they know exactly what you're talking about it isn't at all like um what it is when you're alone I assume you're alone when you're wri or working uh if you're in meetings Etc okay but I'm alone and um I have been working for 33 minutes and I'm going to work for 1 2 3 4 5 6 33 minute periods today and I'm going to assemble and judge and read carefully for those 33 minute periods now what am I doing when I do um I'm following what somebody else's thought somebody else has organized some material and presented it to me in their way uh they may not know the market as well as I know the market uh they may not have as much training in copyrighting as I do um but they are setting up a sequence and they are setting up a vocabulary and they are setting up a tone they're all beautiful but they're not going to sell the book so for the 33.33 minutes I have to be extremely logical learning malleable dependent Etc after that time when this rings I'm going to go into creativity okay now I hate words like creativity I despise them because if you say the word creativity what does it mean it has no image inside of it God created the Heaven and the Earth what God did is took nothing and made Heaven and Earth you can't take nothing and make anything you're not God so what we have to do is I have to replace that I think because I like operational words and operational words are words that you use to work from they give you a method to work from so creativity to me is what I call connectivity of course it is the ability to take two ideas that already exist that are in two different sentences or even in two different fields and put them together connect them and what you are doing when you're creative is you're trying to connect two separate ideas that logically will not go together up until that moment um so you're looking for a connection you're looking for a brand new connection when you have a brand new verbal word connection you have something that can startle your reader something that can stop your reader something that can Inspire move or sell your reader um we go back to sneaky little arthritis tricks again okay here think about this for a minute let's talk about rodale's position when they published this book rale has been selling books by doctors or books by people who follow doctors for many years now at this time uh they've had much success and grown very beautifully uh suddenly for some reason I don't know uh they come across a book about 700 people who did not follow doctors who went away from doctors the doctors couldn't help them uh they had received through prevention letters from these people saying hey they couldn't help us but we did this on our own um and they published this this this absolutely marvelous book all right people go away from doctors when the doctors can't help them when the doctors can't help them of course they stay with them it's very simple but when patients are given very strong drugs by doctors and go into copper bracelets let's say they feel very bad about that they don't want to do it because they really rely on these doctors um they feel guilty that was the thing that came through these people were saying I had marvelous results fabulous results but I don't I'm uneasy about it what's happening what will the doctor say will he catch me will he take away my strong drugs Etc so I'm doing this putting all this together these wonderful quotes these inspirational stories and all of a sudden you know I'm I'm I'm often left field someplace and the four words just come by themselves I don't write them I don't assemble them I don't do anything sneaky little arri Earth writing tricks they come bam they're there okay um I have created this four word combination once that comes to me people talk about the Muse The Muse means that your unconscious mind is delivering something to you um what do you do with it if you're got to make money on it if you want to set new records and sales with it you have to first you put it up and then you see what can I say after that and then we have sneaky little arthritis tricks red line with natural foods and do it-yourself Secrets the pain proof over 100 men and women like you now the first is a catch a hook the second is sort of a proof we're talking about natural foods we're talking about do it yourself Secrets we're talking about being pain proof and we're talking about men and women having proved this for you so you don't have to prove it yourself that's the second line the first line gives this wild claim the second line makes it doable and then there are these immensely beautiful pictures wonderful pictures from your art department and what did they say all symptoms disappeared and not return this beautiful woman walking the man who's being kissed by the child after another day after another 10 days I felt cured and even the rheumatoid Noles were disappearing and this lovely looking lady I have found my salvation it was my not it was my idea not the doctor's and it's better than any medicine he has prescribed at the this stage so the envelope is the mailing piece complete mailing piece you don't have to open it you just open it take out the coupon and send it in we'll discuss that later I'm talking about how the first part of the envelope came now creativity is a natural gift it is built into you by two billion years of in evolution the only thing that makes creativity hard is we don't know really how to become creative we don't know really how to become connective so we say how do we become come out of the conscious mind into the unconscious mind again we run up against the block because conscious mind doesn't mean anything unconscious mind doesn't mean anything either except some Mystic term and that doesn't do us much good so I think a much better word is the focused mind to the INF focused mind um your mind is a very large Network um of of cells which retain thoughts or IM and translate the images and thoughts back and forth uh the mind has a vast network of these cells but it specializes in using only a certain amount of cells at any particular gaze and so when you look at something if I look right there I can only see this part of the room and not this part of the room this is blurred this is quite in Focus if I look at this sneaky little arthritis tricks I can hold seven bytes or seven words in my conscious mind at a time that's why we read sequentially that's why we invented writing that goes along a line and interrupts itself goes along another line interrupts itself goes along another line we can only hold seven of those now that is our mind focused seven images words at a time now surrounding those seven is this huge pum this huge saucer of other ideas which are turning around they are not focused they are unfocused and they are floating around okay when you are focused and you pay attention you only concentrate on The Logical things that come into your mind the things that you are paying attention to when the other stay out when you want to become creative when you want to get new connections to those seven things in the center you've got to get out of there and that's why we work that's why we work for 33 minutes why we play for five minutes the brain connects when it plays when it works it thinks uses logic Etc but it doesn't connect doesn't make these crazy connections the best example of that I've ever and there are a lot of good ones is the movie Amadeus about Mozart Mozart was a very unusual man died at the age of 32 I think and he never rewrote his music he always if you look at his scores every note was put in place and it was never changed it was though he just wrote it from God and then send it out to be played but it wasn't he had a very simple system of escaping his focused conscious mind and it was on a big table he always had a big table everywhere he went and he would stand and he would have his pin and he would have his score and he would have The Bard table and he would have the cuq ball and he would take the white ball and he would in his left hand and he would throw it out and so it hit one two two three sides and came back to him then we pick it up catch it as it came back throw it out one two three sides and come back as it went in its little journey through those three sides he wrote a note then he picked up threw it again wrote the note while I was traveling picked it up again and he wrote one note at the time every three times it hit why that's very simple of course um his conscious mind if you throw a bilard ball out and hits three hits three of those sides the sides are soft enough that they randomize the b ball doesn't become a predictable tra trajectory it will vary slightly Therefore your conscious mind much watched it change its direction as it goes out you can't turn it into your unconscious mind so your conscious mind becomes focused mind becomes trapped in watching that bigot ball your unfocused mind can therefore use its entire range to furnish you with the note you're looking for if your M up this is what we do now I have written more headlines while I shave than while I've ever been at the computer I just get these incredible I have pads I'm such a slob I have pads all over the house and I always carry even when I'm showering I carry a pen honestly and I write write write right right right here's the here's the idea I'm looking for and if you get into the habit of doing this of letting yourself go of having fun of letting anything in the world come into your mind even though lots of it going to be thrown out eventually as you begin going especially on vacations I write most of my best ads and most of my best books are written in the margins of other people's books on vacation uh what happens is that you're down there listening to a watching this gorgeous ocean this beautiful cloud listening to a CD player and you're always working on nothing but your mind suddenly begins spouting forth this stuff and you see you just scratch down as fast as you can write and you want to go into a freeding frenzy you want to go into a creative frenzy you want to have the ideas comeing so much into your mind that you can't stop them in the same way never work on one thing at a time I work on one book one article and one ad at the same time I will spend an hour with one of them an hour with the second of them an hour with a third of them that's why I say three hours okay when I am working on the biography of Jesus Christ in the year 33 ad I will get such marvelous ideas for rodale out of nowhere and I will scratch them down now it's Sil but the creative unfocus mind is by nature sell so it is called by Garder James Gardner was the best psychologist around the creative triangle when you are working on simultaneous projects continuing simultaneous projects one will feed the other and by allowing yourself to go from one to the other your unconscious mind can work on one while your conscious mind is working on the other and this it's like a ping pong three sided ping pong so that is creativity okay let's talk about writing Manning pieces what does a mening piece consist of every one of the mailing pieces I have here most of the mailing pieces I have seen has separate elements um the first element of course is the envelope contained within the envelope there is a series of um letters Flyers subf Flyers inserts lift letters Etc and there's an order blank the entire idea is to get the people to go from the envelope to the order blank everything in between is you know subsidiary to that it's just there because it helps okay I am sitting here at this desk which is much like my desk and I've done my 3 hours of writing and I'm ready for lunch and then I'm ready to do whatever I'm going to do for the afternoon but I've got to do the mailing and then I hate the mail I like the mail because I make money from the mail but I hate the mail because it's a lot of stuff so here I am this is all elementary and you've heard it a dozen times before but it's imperative so I take my mail and I go like this go like this go like this go like this aha go this go like this uhhuh two piles this pile is dead you have lost money you are wiped out he will never see the inside he will never sign the order blanket he or she this pile is the active pile he will come back to it she will come back to it she will look at it now at the top of both of these is what is usually called the headline sneaky little arthritis tricks a new generation of natural home remedies and the question has always been it's an extremely good question is what about the headline what does the headline do how long should a headline be how many headlines can you have on an envelope um Etc okay um when I first began writing copy the accepted belief was that there should be a single headline and the singles headline should lead into the copy um if preferably the headline should sell the product or give an over present an overwhelming claim it should have tremendous power the key word is power power to self power Etc I hate that the headline is absolutely nothing in the world to do except one thing get you the read the sentence underneath the headline the sentence underneath the headline has absolutely nothing in the world to do except one thing get you to read the sentence that follows it the sentence that follows it has absolutely nothing to do except get you the read the sentence that follows it okay the headline should not try to sell it should not try to identify the company it should not try to um present overwhelming power all it's going to do is get you to read the next the prospect to read the next line that's all everything else is subsidiary okay sneaky little arthritis tricks is only there so the person will read with natural foods and do it yourself Secrets the pain proofed over 100 men and women you why because all you got to do is get them into this habit of reading one line after another line after another line they should read every line preferably on this envelope they should then want to read more and turn over when they get here they should preferably read that and then they should preferably open now on the back we talk about youth pills giving away three and the last line on the back is see other age reversal Miracles inside it's nice if you can ask them to move inside give them some reason for opening up the envelope the big problem is to get them to open the okay I would say in general that the head headline has been replaced by the envelope the entire envelope the front and back are your sales pitch you can have hundreds of words on the envelope they don't have to be headlines all they have to do is be tantalizing um I love the fact that for a while we all could use these marvelous big things this this a brand new piece which is also being sent out at the present moment um because they give us a lot of room and we can sell and sell and sell and prove and prove and prove and demonstrate and demonstrate so that's wonderful okay you get them to open up that's all you have to do all you have to do is get them to open up they take it out and the first thing that approaches them is the letter usually it doesn't have to be there's no reason for it to be but usually the letter is and it says what arthritis doctors don't tell you conventional purposely conventional uh because they've had so much um hitting here that I simply want to make it very soft here and then the first next line is unbelievable as it may sound dear friends about 100 of our participants a full 100 men and women who have suffered for years from the agonies of arthritis no longer see a doctor a physical therapist or any kind of practitioner for arthritis treatment for example and then we go into a series of case histories and the entire the entire six Page Letter is case history what is a case history a case history is a proof of someone that acted as your surrogate to prove the product so you don't have to take a risk with it they then we have the flyer the flyer is devoted to doctors proving this doctors what they doctors say about this that's all on that and then you have the uh flyer for the Forever Young premium okay um you have to do two things in all this material number one you have to pile belief upon belief upon belief desire upon desire upon desire number two you have to give them an Escape Route there are some people who will absolutely love to read the every word and you have to satisfy them there are some people who will read not that much they don't want to and so they'll go at that point especially if you have a money back guarantee a 3 21 day trial they'll go directly into that okay um that answers the question is how long should should copy be the copy should be as long as you need to contain the claims and not bankrupt the company that send you out but always remember that within that copy the person can cut out at any moment so you want to give him on the envelope and in the first page of the letter and the flyer enough to be a complete mailing piece to convince him to try so the people who can't stay with you who don't have the time or the interest to stay with you can order anyway and try you've also got to remember that you're never selling anything you never ever ever ever ever sell anything in May order you always ask the person to try something the book will sell itself a lot of people know that now and of course the return is large because they don't like the book well that's wonderful but at least they've tried the book and they'll try and make them in conjunction with that you have to ask the question who are you writing to very important question absolutely essential are you writing to a man are you writing to a woman are you writing to an individual of both sexes are you writing to a mass audience what is your audience for this unless you know that and can answer that then of course you can't really direct your copy to it um the answer is very simple um but two faase you're writing to an individual a single person always who shares a problem or a desire with a huge mass of other people now that that you identify the problem arthritis very large minions with the person who is getting the mailing piece which also leads you to the most powerful word English language and the most powerful word in the English language is not yes and it's not free it's you and the word you is absolutely determinative in publishing mail order publishing and mail order marketing I editorially when I see someone say take the hands and apply the cream to the face I go crazy because there are no the hands and there are no the face there is only your hands and your face so the first thing the copywriter has to do the first remedy if those things are there the copywriter has to apply to the editorial is change all the D's to all the use now when you begin to work from the position of the youu then you begin to see that the U is highly individuated and that this single person who represents this mass of people are completely unique and you have to be able to find out their uniqueness and be able to talk to it um when I did the arthritis this is when I did the arthritis I had never met anyone intimately who had arthritis therefore I didn't really know much about arthritis but the people who wrote the book the people who wrote the letters that made up the book knew intimately about arthritis and I found that they talked the language was completely incomprehensible to me NSS this kind of uh drug that kind of drug so I determined that I would try in the copy to use as many technical terms as possible because those people were familiar with those technical terms they had been with doctors for years and failed and therefore that would make it more UL not youthful but uul your your your copy has to be you full of use and the U has to be so the person can identify you must be that person um now brings up another General thing which is for every profession no matter what you do success is extremely lonely and if you want to be successful you have to accept the loneliness and you have to accept the extreme modesty and humbleness that success demands I'll tell you why you have to know know the person that you're going to ask for something if you're a Salesman if you're a lawyer and it's a judge Etc you have to know that person in the mid there's only one way you can learn that and that's to listen the greatest asset after hard work is the ability to listen you have to listen to several different layers out there in order to be successful you have to listen first of all to the person who has whatever you got the problem you were that you're going to try and solve you have to know that person so well that you can sound like him and he will mistake you for his Mirror Image um you have to know the kind of society comes from the layer of Society come and finally you have to know the society so when you go to a party when you get in the taxi cab when you with somebody on a bus or a Subway your job is to ask questions show appreciation and listen I was born in P Montana and that is one of the great heritages I ever got because I spent 15 years in one of the smallest most backward cities in the United States Midwest I never lost my mother used to say you could take a boy out of BU Montana but you can't take B Montana out of a boy she's right okay I don't want to lose that I think think and I feel just like 80% of the population in this country when I went to New York I became extremely sophisticated and I now hang out with extremely sophisticated people and that's horrible and what I do is I constantly get away from it get away from it get away from it I would suggest that you do that too uh when you reach your level of success you are in danger merchandising merchandise think about mer you lose this kind of feeling and You' got to keep it you have to artificially recreate that environment that's the environment you sell in that's the environment that feed you that's the environment you must to be able to breathe in um that's why I say that required reading for you is all the junk magazines in the United States I would go out tomorrow and get a subscription to the National Inquirer and read every single word in it that's your audience there are your headlines there are your people and their feelings I would definitely get Brandy fair I would watch the tabid television shows I would I do I do all this I get in trouble when people walk into the house the piles of this stuff but I love it um if a movie does $100 million or more especially if a movie does 200 or $300 million and more I would go to a two or three times I would especially recommend Joe sver movies go out and get all your Joe sver movies and watch them over and over again Joe sver did such Immortal Classics as uh Lethal Weapon 1 2 and three uh Death Wish 67 and 8 uh uh Pretty Woman which is a great movie anyway but you've got to sit in front of Lethal Weapon one at least I mean honestly this is the greatest training for any merchandiser in the world especially copy people Etc you got to sit in it three times you preferably sitting it at least two times or one night and you've got to be a honestly wait let me explain all right let me explain you've got to pick up the Rhythm and you've got to see how sver who is absolute genius Spielberg and silver are the two great communication Geniuses of our country at this moment every timing is great take a stopwatch timeing every 3 minutes he throws another blast at you there's another head being smashed against the windshield there another 50 people being blown out of an airplane and then there's a few minutes of dialogue which means nothing and then there's another bam all right now what you are doing is you are writing Joe silver copy you don't write I don't write this this letter is not a series of paragraphs this letter is a series of headlines these paragraphs are brains smashing against Windows believe me every one of them can be taken and put up here you got to give them the punch you're asking someone to read hundreds of words spend 15 20 minutes with you in a busy day you've got to give them that charge and charge and charge and charge Joe silver movies um you better know really this is an isolated group we deal with older audience uh so you better know all the older songs all of them the great hits of the 50s and 60s you better you know you better they still reverberate they still make people feel um it might also be good to know have a the top 10 teenage movies movies and hits and songs okay unless you know people live by hidden desires imperative for you to know I was at Phillips I gave somewhat the same lecture um question answer period there was this extremely disturbed young man brilliant man put up his hand and said how would you sell a $99 investment letter what would you research9 for $99 investment newsletter to the finest people in America I said Wall Street geeko he said gecko remember Wall Street there was this terrible promoter called gecko uh he was a real slime every one of that man's readers wants to be gecko he wants to be square honest and uncaught gecko you've got to know where your people are and you've got to face up to the reality that we have shameful desires and some of the great desires you are giving people Health but you also are giving them that okay I'm going to rush um Heaven and Hell very interesting to think of your merchandizing is presenting your person here in the center and here is hell and here is heaven what you are doing is presenting him with the opportunity to go to heaven and Escape hell think in terms that dramatic the absolute iony of arthritis versus versus a pain-free healthy life for the next 50 years heaven and hell you are talking in dramatic terms you must realize that your people are the finest people in the world you must have that firm belief Americans are the nicest people in the world they are fair they are honest they want good things they want good things for themselves and their children they are very intelligent it's incredible to see people that other people think are not intelligence and really talk to them and let them open up and make them unafraid to open up and find out how smart they are but they are not giving you their full attention their full smartness Etc they are giving you part attention and you must be very dramatic to get through it's like a painting on a wall if if you make the painting very small on the wall and somebody's over there they can't see it so you make it very big and with great deal of contrast and they can see it so you have to be melodramatic and be fair and be honest and fill your stuff with proof and they will respond they are good people we've often sent out two books in my company we've sent out two books of the same person we do it all the time because sometimes they slip through and we continually get those books back from people and they say you send us two books and they pay $2.50 to send it back to you they're wonderful people okay and then also the thing the engine that moves may allow a copy can be summarized as the contrast between the claim and the mechanism what do I mean by that you make a strong claim that's easily obtained the claim and the mechanism I wrote an ad for this company a long time ago called tricks of the trade so powerful they can change your life I think it ran for 8 10 years something like that it's pretty strong one of the lines was a way to vacuum dust from drawers without removing their contents okay it doesn't sound possible Right how do you do it okay so you've got a very strong claim with a very strange uh mechanism so what the person has to do is he has to go to page 71 and find out you got enough of these they'll do it now as you begin to develop as a company and a person within the company what you're going to find is you're going to run into claim exhaustion claim exhaustion is the fact the claims all begin to sound the same after how many ways can you C arthritis how many pounds can you tell the person you lose you get into the point where everything looks the same it blurs when you get to that point your copy is going to have to make up for the claim the copy is going to have to give a way of doing this or a way of achieving this that is so strange that the person will believe it all over again enough to try now the master of that is boardroom boardroom has evolved a style in which the mechanism is as important as the claim and if you look at a boardroom piece by the great great great and revered milm Martin you will find that the claim doesn't sound so intense I what never to eat on an airplane um Bells is okay to pay late they're nice but they're not overwhelming they they sound very little most copywriters can't figure out how they pull they pull because there's an implied mechanism there that you would like to see uh one of his greatest things is um uh you can't uh cash a unsigned check right wrong see page 72 what is this what is this miracle way so the more your field progresses the more the claim density that came before you that you have to fight even your own stuff the more you have to twist that is called a twist twist twist twist and let me see if I've got anything else and then we'll go into the questions I just made a little few little things um we call these can't be done it's a lovely way to think about it you try and get yourself a mechanism and imply a mechanism for a mediumsized or very very big claim but better for a medium-sized claim because it's more believable and then give something that simply cannot be done and then the person will have to send for the book to see how it's done he will even send for the book if he doesn't believe you because he wants to prove you wrong because it itches and it can't sleep at night um okay um lot of nice things that this company has helped me do uh this is something that was strictly done for this company I mean I do other things like this now I'm sure the company does other things like this too but this is an overloaded envelope it is not like this envelope which is beautiful and full of ations is a rather ugly envelope it's beautifully done by the art department but what could they do when I gave them this much Cofe all right I apologize to the art department but look at the number of claims you've got 30 some different claims on the front of the envelope and on the back of the envelope we've got almost 50 okay this is a wonderful sales medium and I think it was invented here working with these people um it is a you are able in this company to you know really Pile in copy on the envelopes and this I think was the first company that really threw copy on the envelopes I also want to say in closing oh yeah here here's a lovely canot can't be done uh unspoken rules to make or break your career okay how can you know a rule if it's unspoken that's going to make a break your career very good headline because people have to find out what it is um every company comes up against the fatigue Factor the fatigue factor is the melee that sells like mad the first time thr and then sells less the second time and after X number of reils fails to p uh what you do is absolutely right on you simply take take the product and you assign it new copywriters uh this is for uh healing foods which was absolutely the original one which was the the doctors identify the 75 most Healing Foods in the world with the big carrots on it but one of the best pieces of copy I have ever seen in my entire life combined with one of the best layouts I've ever seen uh the only way I could even compete against it is go completely around it throughout everything that the previous person had done and create a new product now you got to realize that a product is not a book you do not sell books you do not sell magazines you not sell newsletters you see you sell bundles of dues functions things that that the thing will do so that when you get a book and it gets tired what you have to do is go in and get a whole new set of dues so I went in and got a whole new set of news doctors sounded by new F food cures which hadn't been played up before and then there were quotes from the doctors on the side and I've out pulled this great piece that came before it of course the old piece had been a little tired and been around but nevertheless it did so never say a partic is dead unless you've exhausted all its bundles of do so let's talk ask me which like can you suggest five topics that you think would be weird enough to uh yeah Chinese medicine Dow Tao um Indian medicine you know how strong Indian medicine is you know what de choa or whatever his name is selling in the stores um I think those are the two big ones um sooner or later and I think you've done it that there's going to be a sort of a combination of psychological uh healing um and physical healing and nutritional healing which will go through the roof but I'm I'm not sure about that right now yeah okay you were here I'm just curious about the demographics of who's buying uh your is it Dr Chain yeah who who's buying that is is that is that a younger audience than the traditional prevention audience or is it the older audience that's actually going for it now um a chang is the only book we have that cuts through all the boundaries uh most of the books that came after Dr Chang we have to take selected parts of your list uh with Dr Chang at up until this year uh I'm not sure about because only I made M mailing this year and it could have it was right during those snowstorms so I don't know what the hell that happened to it um um it always cut right through um you got to realize I'm extremely primitive and you're extremely sophisticated and we're talking about two different corporate cultures facing each other interacting I do not do focus groups demographics or anything um I just write an ad take the ad test it every so often retest something against it and that's it uh but I know that anything you feed me in male health book buyers non-television paid and female health book buyers non television paid and prevention and and uh one preven prevention plus one health book and the prevention book club uh you know they kind of go out and they come back now you don't pull tremendously well your list don't pull anywhere near as well as health and healing uh but uh they're consistent and I have never lost money on your list and because you have such large amounts of names of course they give me a great deal of names that I can then rent again as the Pat has said we duplicate 32% on our uh on our list so we can see the tremendous resemblance between the two firms the big difference of course is that my firm up until this moment has had many more men than your percentage men than yours uh this will be corrected I imagine by the uh the sex thing because when it comes to Alternative healing and alternative medicine it seems to be there as a school if thought people are either on this side or on this side absolutely so you know did determining who who is it that's crossed that crossed over whether it's somebody as you say that hasn't been helped hadn't been able to be helped by a physician or doctor and they they they're looking for some some way to alleviate the pain all right let me be real wild uh number one answering your question then I'll answer the lady in the back's question but I because you gave me a thought for her um the uh you know you're you're selling 2% you're selling two to three or 4% of your audience so you don't care about the the vast thing in between of course you like to sell eight or nine% but you're not going to do it um they seem to uh they seem to uh crossover very well um if you look at the most successful one of the most successful I think the most successful but I'm not that famili with that field so I don't have the figures for my Tong Self Magazine which a cond Nast magazine which is something you should all look at anyway um it's a magazine which is like a rale magazine it's um um they have very good alternate healing articles and they get very good response to those alternate health articles and they are younger women much younger women than the women you uh traditionally reach the over 50 women um I know them very well and uh I I know there's there's no secret that you you can get one of their little reports um I don't work for them I just have to know them the lady in the back uh asked me five titles I gave her two titles so let me give a third one uh I know you can do it but I'd love to see you do it I'd love to see you do a a book uh about uh not seeing your doctor and we've got a book called How to stay out of the doctor's office which is going like mad at this particular moment uh we're doing it in a very ugly way I'm going to revise it to do it in a very more more Scenic Way so something like you do um people love it people love it um as when I started working for you there were several Trends in your book production and one of the things I emphasized in my own copy was the doctor thing this is home remedies either test tested by proven by or developed by doctors and I felt that would be extremely powerful because you could use their credibility and uh you know uh like this natural healing thing uh so powerful that even doctors are using them that was one of the first times that appeared in your stuff um this is extremely powerful but is there another group of people I know your list pay off very well for me on that even though my format doesn't matous um is there something you might be able to I don't know but it might be something you could but I don't know how that would relate to your other books wild I okay yes Jean have you ever written for TV no um I've never I started out as a I started out as I started out as a radio copywriter and had immense success there 1948 um I then wrote two of the great television mail order television programs John nei's art book and somebody else's piano book where we sold hundreds of thousands of copies of 395 a month for years um I have not in 49 we invented the infomercial by taking the question man program which was on W and adapting it to our piano course where for 15 minutes for 15 half an hour they talked about should your child your spasy child play the piano should a child with one arm play a piano well piano is men broken marriages and then giving the names and uh did fantastically well um then I got in to other things and then uh in the last period um I just haven't done uh televis uh you see can't do it I mean I I could do it give me an assignment I'll do one for you uh but uh and I think I'd be very good at it I'm very visual but um I just haven't done it for myself because I don't want to deal with the production problems Etc I have a very good life and it's strange that I don't want to extend it that much You' mentioned that the um the buyers of our books that come in through TV don't buy as well for for your M and that's the same thing we see of course these are people who have ordered the book and paid for the book through the mail and through TV what what do you think makes the difference between those audiences are you doing a 30 minute or a two minute two minute okay well it's very simple I me God it's easy and uh Michael Fishman really knows this back would and forward he's tremendous at this and I love to talk to him um think of what the person has committed who buys your book if I send them uh this monster uh or this monster well this person really and honestly spends 15 minutes to a half hour with this thing he really devotes a great deal of time to it so what he's not doing is just sending you a check for $29 is he's the he's sending you 60 30 minutes and 60 minutes actually 30 minutes here and at least 15 30 minutes with the book so he is devoting a great deal when you get a person who has 2 minutes he is not doing anything like that you've got him for two minutes he may be hooked on the two minutes because your commercials are enormously clever and have marvelous twists on our Marv I love them they're they they're record-breaking and their history making um but that person is not showing the kind of discipline if you wish to call it that the other person is if you made a 30 minute infomercial and then got those people I would venture a guess that you would they would be very good for you that's what I think the whole difference is different type of person different commitment the reader the prospect the buyer must make a commitment towards your product and if you have a similar commitment you'll have a similar the type of sale I think okay oh I'm sorry go ahead I have a question about your 18 or your um 28 successes and how you feel about premiums and why you would choose one why you wouldn't why do you think our audience why it works for our audience and maybe not other products I'm sorry I missed the first sentence about 2 premiums and why you would choose to use one when you start a package a premium booklet I still I'm sorry I'm still 28 successes 28 successes 27 as you for oh I'm sorry 27 is different 28 thank you very much I like that let's make that official okay so I've had 26 27 successes out of 30 and why I choose what to use a premium or not to and why do you think they it works for our audience oh at what point youde that you think one would be good for the choose your premiums you choose your premiums and then send it to me and I write them I agree entirely with the fact that every book um should be offered with at least one and sometimes two premiums we offer a lot of books now with two premiums and then on the uh the diet book now we've got two premiums um people will send for the book to get the premium it's a as simple as that um they will get the book open it put it away take the premium put the book in the package and send it back you want those people to T try your book for any reason the world the whole reason you send this out is to get the people to try it for any reason you can uh people love something free your premiums are exceptional my premiums are very good too um you have a wonderful way of manufacturing premiums recycling premiums that is absolutely irresistible you simply take old book chapters and you put them into a premium uh the person is happier when he gets a premium you never sell in mail order anything once you always are going to the next sale you're always playing pool you're always sinking the ball and at the same time you're getting your position on the next shot um somebody who gets the book gets a good premium likes book both of them is going to order more than somebody who gets a good book um I choose premiums not very close to the subject the book is you choose premiums that are quite close to the subject the book is I don't know which is better they both seem to work enormously well uh again you have a problem which is they sound like youth yours free youth pills [Music] um yours free how to banish wrinkles the natural way again you're getting into premium you're getting into the problem of Premium overload and it's something you have to take in consideration uh you have to monitor your tests very very closely and your results in your your pulls and see if the danger you know things in May to drop off not slowly but they usually they sometimes plumm it and that's what you got to watch but I think premiums are I think if I absolutely am sold on premiums I wouldn't sell anything without a PR did that answer your question yes okay good I didn't know I was okay thanks Jean it's a pleasure um we have a small gift for you for coming here oh my God it's a PR it's not it's not a piece of Modern Art it's a a brass box with the Rodell logo that says Jean Schwarz and Rodell press a winning team oh Wonder thank you beautiful thank

  Top Comments:
  1. @pedrosierra4962 [5 likes]: 44:01 this is why I read a book at all time
  2. @pedrosierra4962 [3 likes]: 18:41  market research is key before writing good copy
  3. @Prestonrho [2 likes]: 22:45 who else caught the 33 reference and symbolism, was this guy a mason?
  4. @miltonhornet [2 likes]: "the will to win means nothing without the will to prepare"!
  5. @pedrosierra4962 [2 likes]: So the envelope is like my ad and the letter inside is my website that actually sells them/shows proof. That’s so cool
  6. @MJMallen [2 likes]: Fantastic and useful information! However, the story of Mozart using the motion of billiard balls as a device to aid his compositions, has not been documented, although he did enjoy playing the game. I’ll grant this bit of poetic license because he’s such a capable man.
  7. @gianpiero268 [1 likes]: The legend!
  8. @FabioPukaj10 [1 likes]: 2 things in the info. 1. they pile and pile belief upon belief and upon desire upon desire extra. 2. give them an esape route (i.e some people dont want to read and just go straight to buy espeically if the offer is irresistable)
  9. @michael_negele: Thank you! 🎉
  10. @AbdulrahmanAlii: how and where do i get videos like these from him?
  11. @FabioPukaj10: now that you identify the problem i.e arthiritis. most powerful word in the english language is you. there is no the hands/face there is only your hands/face. remove the with your. he tried to use all their technical terms to make it more "you" full.
  12. @FabioPukaj10: you are always writing to an individual who shares a problem or a desire with a huge mass of other people
  13. @FabioPukaj10: the copy should be as long as you need it to be to contain the claims and not bankrupt the company sending them out but always remember that within that copy the person can cut out at any moment so you want to give him on the envelope (outside the ad), in the first page of the letter (front cover of the ad) and in the flyer (second part to the ad) enough to be a complete mailing peice to convince him to try (for people who dont have the time or the interest to stay with you can order and try. in mail order you never sell something you always ask the person to try something. Also you have to ask the question who are you writing to - unless you know this you cant assemble copy.
  14. @FabioPukaj10: headlines purpose is to get you to read the next line/sentence. (the headline should not try to sell, to identify the company, not to present power)
  15. @FabioPukaj10: copy is not written it is assembled
  16. @FabioPukaj10: "you want to be more accurate and more knowledgable than anyone you come up against. the person who is the best prepared and the most knowledgeable makes the most money"
  17. @stm.natural_selection: The King
  18. @hishambauomy1791: Very Useful Tips Thanks
  19. @LocalBooking: ☺Thank you for sharing these wonderful insights!
  20. @elbek__kh: Absolutely golden knowledge

- Creating funnels that scale with the Eugene Schwartz Market Awareness model: Kind: captions Language: en inside the btms insiders uh facebook group which by the way that's a super cool benefit of membership not only do you get instant streaming access to over 140 hours of copywriting and marketing training that i've put together for you you also get access to this facebook group where you can actually answer questions and i'll answer them publicly for you know members of the group to see and learn from and and it's all included with the btms insiders all access pass so anyways inside the group i had a member that was asking about uh having trouble with scaling a certain funnel so he'd worked on this funnel and was able to scale it to about well it was able to scale it to a certain amount per day and was able to just invest this traffic and it was profitable invest in this traffic it was profitable but then as soon as they tried to scale it a little bit bigger as soon as they tried to scale it beyond that they kept running into this issue where just the profitability just tanked where the the funnel was no longer scalable beyond this certain daily amount and i asked a couple questions and very quickly i was able to pinpoint like is this what's going on and he said yeah that's exactly what's going on and it's all about the eugene schwartz market awareness model and so today i'm going to talk about creating funnels and advertisements that scale using the eugene schwartz market awareness model to help you understand where your messages need to go so that's what we're going to cover in today's episode these are the proven direct response marketing copywriting and entrepreneurship success strategies you can use today to write your own ticket and create the life you want i am royfer and this is breakthrough marketing secrets now here's today's breakthrough [Music] so before we actually get into this i will say that like this is why acquisition copywriters and marketers people who understand how to acquire customers from cold traffic from people who don't know you that's why we get the big bucks that's why our our fees are high that's why our royalties are high because when you are suddenly able to tap into 10 times the traffic or whatever and bring all these new customers in the door like that is that's wildly valuable for a business so understanding the difference between what works when you're selling to a captive audience like people who already know i can trust you your email list your prospect list your customer list selling to those people is relatively easy selling to a cold audience of anybody that may have some kind of relevant interest in your topic that becomes much harder and it really it really is all about this market awareness model which is uh championed by eugene schwartz in breakthrough advertising so i actually use i use keith krantz's keith krantz's language for this because i really like it um and and it to me delineates what what we're looking at for each step of the market awareness model but it's it's again all based on eugene schwartz market awareness and breakthrough advertising which is a fantastic book um so the market awareness model all markets and all prospects within a market go through these five stages they start with being unaware of uh you know your product your service actually the problem that's being solved any kind of solution to the problem it's just they're unaware but maybe they start to experience some symptoms right so the market or the person is completely unaware of what's going on and then they start to experience these symptoms and they become aware that there is a problem that needs to be solved there's a problem there's an unfulfilled desire or some kind of problem that needs to be solved then once they're aware like once once they become aware that oh there's this problem i want to have it solved they start to look for solutions and so they go from unaware to problem aware to solution aware meaning that they've looked and they've found that there are maybe some different solutions available and it could be products it could be services it could be some kind of like direct work it could be some do-it-yourself something like you know depending on depending on what the market is there's all sorts of different uh you know uh different different things that you consider can consider for what that solution might look like but basically it's hey i'm not aware that there's even a problem here i'm aware that there's a problem here i'm aware that there is a potential solution to the problem and then as they're researching solutions they become you aware um so we're ups y you aware meaning they have found your specific solution they found your specific business your specific offering you have a product a service whatever and they start to do research on specifically you as a potentially viable solution to the problem and then they become deal ready that's d so upside u p s y we went unaware of problemware solutionwhere are you aware and then deal ready and that deal ready is basically hey they've basically decided that they're going to get what you're offering they just need a reason to take action now okay so you take something like a you take something like a sale right like where it's just like a a 50 off sale or something like that basically that is targeted at the deal ready you know somebody has to be has to be aware of you and your particular solution and be ready to buy and just having a 50 off sale that's just for people who are deal ready who haven't taken action yet okay um then you get a little bit more you you zoom out a little bit and and by the way that's the smallest segment of any market that is that is a little tiny segment of any market those are the people who are already on your prospect list already a hot lead already maybe even on your customer list and just ready for the next product and service the next offer the next deal so you zoom out a little bit and you are talking to the people who are becoming you aware well the way to move those people closer to the sale is to actually give your like give a reason why your product your service your offer is superior to any other solution that's out there so at this point if they're becoming you aware they are already aware of the different solutions in the marketplace so you need to differentiate your solution as superior and this often is where like the most novice marketers focus their their uh their marketing their their copywriting their messaging is they say hey we are better than the competition and here's all the ways that we're better than the competition now there's nothing wrong with that it's just that's not that scalable because somebody has to already be aware of all the solutions in the marketplace much less being problem aware before they can even start to consider okay why is this solution superior right and before that message even matters to them so when you get a little bit better as a marketer then you start to help people define what an ideal solution looks like you start to give them buying criteria for an ideal solution and here is where you're actually assisting them in the buying process and the research process obviously the way that you're going to set it up is because you believe in your product is the superior solution you're going to say here's some some of the different solution options here's what a good solution needs to do for you and here is why here's how our solution lines up with what a good solution needs to be and so you're going to walk them through from from becoming solution aware and comparing the solutions to deciding that yours is superior to offering them some kind of reason to take action now so again we're like we're going from the most aware and we're zooming out now most copywriters stop there and if you're having trouble scaling your particular product or service it's probably because if you're having trouble scaling your offer your funnel it's probably because you're speaking to the the solution aware prospects or the you aware prospects you are maybe helping them make decisions about which solutions are superior and differentiating your product or service as the superior solution but that assumes that they show up like with a full understanding of the problem and what type of solution that they're looking for right and that that tends to be where you struggle with getting much scale even if you're able to get the warmest traffic or the most targeted traffic to work really well so if you're able to get this this warm traffic to work really well but you're not able to get cold traffic well what might be going on is you are speaking specifically to the people who are solution aware like or who are becoming solution aware who are going through the research process to become solution aware like for example like if if i want to buy a new i produce some music on my computer and if i wanted to buy a new midi keyboard it's like i want like i'm going to start looking at which midi keyboards have which features and how those are going to work with how i produce music and which one's going to be superior for me et cetera et cetera et cetera but there i'm already looking at the solution right i'm already looking at the solution versus if we zoom out a little bit from there okay so before someone can become solution aware before someone can really dive into the different solutions that are available in a marketplace they have to clearly define the problem they have to define okay here's the problem that i want to have solved and the problem that i want to have solved may be if i if i'm continuing with this midi keyboard example maybe i want to make really interesting music right and that's a bigger problem than just i need a midi keyboard i want to make interesting human feeling music that's like not just programmed in by clicking my mouse right so there could be a completely different solution available that's not a midi keyboard it could be new software that allows me to hum music into my microphone and what it does is it like pulls out the note data from that and then it creates recommended um harmonies etc from that and it turns me humming into my microphone into compelling music and if if i was just selling that mini keyboard okay maybe i'm going to focus on on that and i'm going to focus on make better music by having a midi keyboard that gives you access to all these things within your music production software etc but if i want to speak to the problem aware people i'm going to say something i'm going to say like how to make the most interesting music in the world or like um so you're ready to become an electronic musician um how do you get your ideas out of your head then you help them define this problem of like the problem is you need to get all those musical ideas out of your head and into your music production software and and the automatic default for that is oh you need this keyboard right uh but maybe that's not the best solution for every like if you know how to play piano if you know how to play a keyboard yeah that's a great solution for you but if you don't know how to do that how can you how can you change that messaging so you help them define the problem better such that it connects them to okay one particular solution is a keyboard but if you're not great about that what do you do like one particular solution is is clicking your mouse but if that doesn't feel human enough for you what do you do well we created the software that allows you to do this right and so you instead of focusing on the solution where people are already like looking for the solution which is a much smaller market you're able to speak to this this bigger market of hey you want to create awesome music that people are just like wow like where'd you learn to play like that but you don't really know how to play here's your solution right and you're able to help them define that problem and then walk through defining the solution comparing it to alternative solutions presenting you and your offer and then offering them a deal on that and if you want to go even further which becomes much more difficult you can start to speak to the unaware now i don't necessarily know what all the symptoms are of someone who is then going to want to use this software for getting uh for getting music out of their head but maybe it's um you know do you do you enjoy listening to music and you're curious about how you could make it even if you don't have any musical training at all well our you know we help you do that right and so it's it's about going further back because if you think about this if you think about the size of the markets if you're able to get the getting musical ideas out of your head nailed down as far as the messaging that's a bigger market than i'm shopping for midi keyboards if you're able to go into hey i want to become a musician that makes awesome music that's an even bigger market than the people who are already thinking how can i get the musical ideas out of my head even better right and that's moving backwards on the awareness spectrum it's moving towards more unaware markets the key there is all in the messaging how can you speak to these different segments of the market based on their awareness and then walk them through this market awareness spectrum in your copy so if you start an unaware you are going to have to help them define the problem you're going to have to help them identify solutions and compare solutions you're going to have to make them aware of why your solution is ideal and and then you're going to have to offer them some reason to act now some deal if you start at problem aware then you're going to have to speak to the different solutions that are available and then why yours is superior and offer them a deal if you start solution aware then you you know walk through the the the market awareness spectrum from there and so if you want to create something scalable you say okay how can we go one step further back on the market awareness model if if everything that we're doing is about a deal how can we make it about our offer being superior if everything that we're doing is about our offer being superior how can we educate people better about the different offers that are in the marketplace and speak to that leading to our offer being superior if we're already talking about that if we're already educating about that how can we help people define the problem so that they're more proactively looking for a solution and then if if we are doing that pretty well then maybe there are opportunities in speaking to a much more unaware market and so you want to move backwards move towards the less aware part of the if you want to make your funnels your ads more scalable now one cool thing about this is that you don't necessarily you don't necessarily have to retool your funnel your ads or whatever from the ground up if you think about your funnel as a series of steps if you think about your ads your acquisition system as a series of steps what you need to do is just make sure that you are taking people through those steps based on where you catch their attention first and so you may have great copy that converts people who are comparing solutions and that that presents yours as superior and offers them a deal you may have a great conversion system for that so the question is how can you use ads or advertorial pages or content marketing or whatever to tack on the front of that so you get them up to the point where they want to compare solutions and then your call to action is compare the solutions for this and so you may have a something that that helps really clarify the problem in someone's mind and connect them to and here's the solution options available to you and so you can create individual ads that become much more scalable to different segments of cold traffic based on going further back not with your entire funnel but going further back on the awareness spectrum based on um the start of that ad just making sure that if you follow the user path through the funnel that it takes them from wherever you started all the way through the rest of the upside uh you know unwear problem wear solution aware you aware deal ready to the point where they are ready to take action so if you found this valuable and you'd like to be able to ask your own questions inside the btms insider's facebook group and you'd like to dive into my 140 plus hours of content that's based on the same type of marketing and copywriting thinking i'll include a link in the description to btms insiders it's like netflix but for copywriting and marketing training so you pay one low fee you get access to everything including that facebook group and all the training and in new content as it's added etc as long as you maintain your membership so i'm roy fur this is breakthrough marketing secrets again check out the links in the description also leave a comment with this episode let me know on a scale of one to ten how valuable do you find it and why what are your action items what are your takeaways how is it having you rethink your funnel so that you can create messages that are more scalable also tap that like button before you go if you like the message if you like eugene schwartz breakthrough advertising the market awareness model or if you just want to create more funnels that scale again tap that like button before you go so you get more content like this delivered to you and so the magical algorithms of the internet we'll share it with more people who will find it valuable you can share directly and subscribe before you go you can subscribe here you can also go to breakthroughmarketingsecrets.com link is in the description sign up for my daily emails monday through friday including episode notifications and more exclusive content for email subscribers i'm roy furr again this breakthrough marketing secrets always aim for 10 out of 10 value i hope i've delivered it here and i will catch you soon with your next episode see you soon bye thank you once again for tuning in to this daily episode of breakthrough marketing secrets remember check out the links with this episode for even more value now make sure you like comment share subscribe and engage in every way you can to keep this show going and growing and delivering daily value to you i'll catch you soon for your next big breakthrough

  Top Comments:
  1. @a.g.hustlegarland4197 [1 likes]: Thanks teacher
  2. @a.g.hustlegarland4197 [1 likes]: 10
  3. @royfurr: How valuable did you find this (on a 1-10 scale) and WHY? What’s your biggest takeaway or action item?
  4. @ACCA2016: How would you use the awareness model with the 5 different market sophistications and implement in the funnels that scale? Thx

- 7 Dimensions of an Irresistible Offer [from Eugene Schwartz, Jay Abraham, Dan Kennedy]: Kind: captions Language: en what does it take to create an irresistible offer that is an offer for your business for your products or services that bring in the maximum amount of leads customer sales and profits in a minimum length of time well there's actually seven dimensions to it and I'm going to share those dimensions with you today using leveraging some lessons that I've learned from Eugene Schwartz Jay Abraham Dean Kennedy and I'll probably throw a few others in while we go now this is a big topic and I want to cover it fast for you so let's dive in number one a an irresistible offer is a clear solution to your prospects problem now any time we're talking about problems we need to look at Eugene Schwartz's market awareness model and that is any market as well as any prospect within a market is going to go through a process going from unaware of whatever it is to aware of a problem that they want to have solved - looking for what a solution is going to look like for that problem - aware of specific solutions specific products and services - looking for a very specific deal in order to get one of those solutions their preferred solution and in order for any good product or service to exist in the marketplace it really it really really it's critical that it actually solves a clear problem and that you are able to point out okay if you have this problem I have a superior solution to that problem and here's why so you need a clear solution to the prospects problem and when I say problem I'll note here sometimes the problem is that they don't feel like they have enough opportunity in their life so there are opportunities as well as problems it's either a a an actual problem that they're facing or it's an unfulfilled need want or desire so you have to have a clear presentation of that market awareness spectrum okay you have that problem here's the solutions here's what you need to consider in terms of a solution here here is our specific solution and how it meets those criteria and here's the deal that we have for you you need that clear presentation it should connect their problem to your particular solution and it should present the offer in a clearway so number one clear solution to the prospects problem number two your offer needs to offer it needs to give the prospect give the buyer a great value versus the cost the amount of money that they are investing in it and here we turn to Jay Abraham and his concept of dimensionalized value because Jay when he presents an offer is incredible about for example taking something like this like if I were trying to sell you seven dimensions of an irresistible offer I could just say like oh here's here's a here's a mind map that I put together and it's a one-page worksheet and it's really simple and that sounds really cheap and perhaps something that I should give away free look like I'm doing it in this video but if I really wanted to make it feel valuable I could talk about the hundreds of thousands of dollars invested in paid traffic testing this the the 15 years of cumulative experience that I have put into developing not just the one to three dimensions of a great offer but the seven dimensions of an irresistible offer I could talk about all of the billions of dollars of market research that have cumulate that if that have come together and accumulated in my awareness in my marketing education in order to deliver this and Jay is incredible at that at looking at the different ways that value is added into something to further justify to to increase the perception of value backed up by real value of course but the perception of value to make it overwhelmingly in the prospects favor so if you could save 15 years of marketing education if you could tap into billions of dollars of sales generated if you could if you could tap into hundreds of thousands millions of dollars of paid traffic and how that adds up to creating an irresistible offer doesn't that sound like it's worth a lot more than that single piece of paper with a list of seven items on it so you want to compare the great value versus versus their cost and the value can be versus other options versus trying to figure it out themselves versus doing nothing not actually solving the problem you need to do as much as you can to present the value in a way where the perception of you is is incredibly high and it should be especially high like if you imagine the scales of justice and weighing on one side is the perceived value and on the other side is the cost and if this is the cost it should be much lighter and then the perceived value that they're getting out of out of following through on whatever deal you have for them today so we have number one you present a clear solution to the prospects problem number two you offer a great value versus the cost that they're going to invest in it number three you should offer an attractive discount or premium and here we get into specifically making an offer today in order to generate response today so what we're doing by offering an attractive discount or a premium a bonus whatever you want to call that is we are we are giving them a reason we're establishing a reason for them to respond now and not only that we're actually improving the value to cost ratio so if if we've presented okay there's this you know you're getting you're getting this this huge let's see if it's heavy you're getting the huge value over here right and your cost is not very much well if your cost is even less then the value to cost ratio is bigger if your value is even more if the cost is the same I then you're again improving the value to cost ratio your what you're doing is you're just continuously making it feel like they're getting an even better and even better and even better deal so number one your product or service itself should should be that clear solution to the prospects problem number two it should already have a great value to cost ratio meaning the value that they're going to get out of out of it is way more than the amount of money that they're going to have to put into it number three it should it should come with an attractive discount or premium that only exists for a limited time to give them a reason to respond now number four we need to give a strong reason why for the deal now Dan Kennedy is great about this his teaching is great about this basically everything that you do every sale that you offer should be some version of a fire sale or first time ever last time ever there should be something that makes this time special unique and justifiable if not logical that's it's very important language there you may justify the sale because hey it's Labor Day weekend and we're running a Labor Day weekend sale that's really popular in the in the consumer goods like furniture and appliances that sort of thing Labor Day sales big thing fourth of July say a big thing Black Friday Cyber Monday all these things that they justify the sale just by pointing to a couple days on a calendar and that's not really logical maybe Black Friday Cyber Monday all of that is logical relative to Christmas coming up but it's justifiable nonetheless they are justifying the sale by making a decision about how they position it and the great thing about this when you when you offer a strong reason why for your deal it allows you to set up a deadline it allows you to set up a time after which they're not going to get that attractive discount or the premium so we're talking about offers we're talking about an offer that's going to get the maximum number of leads customer sales and profits to come to you in minimum time so you want to give them a great deal that they can't get after a specific length of time because let's be honest we all procrastinate we all don't take actions that we know we want to take that we know we should take we all do not follow through with things that we know we should follow through on and that applies just as much to your prospects deciding whether or not they're going to buy your product or service as it applies to say anything else in life probably more so because that that act of actually pulling out their wallet now mine happens to be sitting next to me not in my back pocket but that act of pulling out their wall pulling out their credit card giving you that money that is an act that inherently has resistance it has inertia there's there's there's this uncertainty in it that is this going to be a good investment and so you need to do things to actually take actually John Carlton says think of your prospect is like a simulant sloth spread out on their couch at home and in order to respond to their to your offer they have to like drag themselves out I'm thinking Jabba the Hutt from Star Wars right he has to like get up and he has to go across the room and he has to slide across the room and he has to go over there to the other side of the room to the drawer and granted this is a Direct Mail metaphor but he has to like pull the envelope out of the drawer with his with his small arms and his big body and he has to like pull the envelope out and pull out the stamps and he has to fill out the order form and your prospect needs a reason to act with urgency you need to give them that reason to act with urgency and that comes beginning with your justification for the deal so up next directly like the the the next dimension number 5 is urgency so we have a clear solution to the prospects problem we have a great value versus cost ratio we have an attractive discount or premium we have a strong reason why for offering this deal and we have urgency that is there's going to be a deadline there's going to be a limited quantity there's going to be perhaps market factors some deep by which they have to respond before the market changes all of the bills maybe there's personal factors you have to come up with a very clear reason for urgency this is half the reason that I love things like event campaigns or webinars that sort of thing because there's a built-in urgency element there's a built-in deadline because it dates gonna happen and you either signed up or you didn't so urgency the next dimension is a clear call to action CTA and Dan Kennedy is once again one of the best about this because he makes no qualms about selling he makes no qualms about telling you exactly what you need to do to take advantage of his of his offer to get that great value versus the cost that you're going to put into it you need to be confident that for the right prospect who you've laid out in your presentation somebody that has that problem that you have a clear solution to that problem you need to be confident that your offer is the right thing for them you need to be confident that that if they get your offer they're going to get what you promised or at least they have the capability to do it if they actually use your product or service be clear about what they need to do what is the next step that they need to take here's my call to action its order now no you need to click this button it's going to take you to an order form be sure you have your wallet and credit card handy because we're going to need you to fill out your payment information so we can get this rushed out to you and you're going to need to get that in by X date because if you don't get that in by X date you're going to miss out completely oh and by the way we have but you can you can you can you can stack these things up by the way we also have this additional fast responder bonus the first five people who respond get this so be clear about what to do be clear about the experience of responding like I just laid out like this is what the order form is gonna look like this is what's gonna happen after you order the more clarity that you can provide especially if this is their first time ordering from you especially if what you're selling is a little bit different than what they normally buy so like somebody that's used to buying consumer products physical goods and they buy an information product that experience might feel a little bit different and if you're expecting them to go through that you need to be clear about what to expect and then be unwaveringly direct in asking them to take action like pick up your pin fill out the order form stick a stamp on the envelope put it in the envelope and drag it out to your mailbox right now I don't care if it's raining or snowing I don't care if the Sun is beating down and it's a hundred degrees outside and 100 percent humidity take that order form to your mailbox in the envelope and put the flag up because that's the moment that your life is going to begin to change that's the moment so you know I'm I'm just coming up with this off the top of my head but that's the kind of confident and of unwaveringly direct calls to action that you need to build in if you really want the maximum number of leads customer sales and profits from your offer in the minimum time now the seventh dimension of an irresistible offer is risk reversal now that's a term that comes directly from Jay Abraham and Jay teaches and taught that a guarantee is not enough a guarantee is like a bare minimum in fact in many businesses you may or may not be required by law to guarantee your products to issue a refund if somebody is not happy however you will be much better off if you present that in just as confident of a way as you did with your call to action now I'm not going to go into the exceptions here but for the most part you want to make it as a zero risk or negative risk as possible for someone to respond so at a bare minimum remove the risk hey if you're not happy for any reason just give us a call well issue a prompt and courteous full refund of every penny you spent today and you're out nothing right the flipside even better is to actually reverse the risk and so offer them something of value that they get to keep if they ask for a refund something where maybe perhaps they decide that the main product isn't right for them but this extra thing of value is still right for them and so it's great that they get to keep it whether whether or not they decide to keep the main product and get a full refund or you'll see in many cases like come to my seminar if you are not happy by the end of the first day what I'll do is I will cut you a check at the end of the first day let us know I'll cut you a check and it's gonna it's going to be for the full price that you invested in coming plus an extra thousand dollars to cover flights hotels all of that so that you are absolutely out nothing and you actually get the benefit of the next couple days that you would have spent at the seminar as a great vacation instead so risk reversal reverse the risk of doing the transaction the person who is willing to take on the most risk of the transaction is going to get the other person to do what they're asking them to do or the other people at the maximum well and so if you have a Wimpy guarantee if you are unwilling to guarantee that if somebody spends money with you they're actually going to get the value that you promised you're gonna have a hard time selling whereas on the other end if you are so confident in your product or service being able to solve the solution to their problem assuming that they're a qualified prospect and you should do things explicitly to state what makes a qualified prospect here if you are that confident that you are going to solve their problem and that if they don't get a better-than-expected solution to their problem they're going to get something that is of even more value in return like that makes it so easy to sell so I'm gonna go back through the list here really quickly the seven dimensions of an irresistible offer featuring wisdom from Eugene Schwartz Jay Abraham Dan Kennedy based on my experience based on my studying people who have billions of dollars of sales made based on my working with clients generating well into the millions of dollars of sales number one have a clear solution to your prospects problem your product or service should be a clear solution and presented is a clear solution to their problem number two you should offer a great value versus cost ratio meaning the value that they get out of doing business with you is far more than you're asking them to spend number three you should offer an attractive discount or premium something that allows you to create a deadline create urgency something that you can take away so that they have a a time before which they have to respond number four a strong reason why for offering a deal today give justification if not like truly rational logic for why you are offering them a better deal to respond now number five urgency be explicit about when they need to respond by what kind of limitations there are on the deal number six a clear call to action with confidence with unwavering directness telling them what they need to do what their experience is going to be like why they need to do it what all of that be direct about the action that they need to take and number seven the last you need to reverse the risk of the transaction not just to guarantee although a guarantee is a great starting point not just to guarantee remove the risk of the transaction reverse the risk of the transaction make it clear that whether or not they're happy with your product they their life will have been better because they make the decision to move forward with your offer today with that I hope that you've liked this content the seven dimensions of an irresistible offer this has been a video issue of breakthrough marketing secrets if you liked the video make sure you click like you can comment you can weigh in you can ask questions about the content of this video or questions you'd like to see covered in an upcoming video you can share the video with friends with coworkers with colleagues with people who you think would get value out of this content and be sure to subscribe to get more content like this I do these videos at least one a week covering marketing copywriting selling business building personal development and more for entrepreneurs marketer marketers and other high achievers and really I'm on a mission to help as many value first preeminent value oriented marketer entrepreneurs live happier healthier more prosperous and impactful lives through both growing themselves and growing their business and so I'd love to have you join me in this movement both through subscribing to me here as well as you can go to breakthrough marketing secrets com where I publish a daily essay or video covering all of these topics go to breakthrough marketing secrets calm you can sign up there you'll get all that all the essays or articles and videos and I look forward to seeing you again in your next video issue i'm roy fir with breakthrough marketing secrets i'll see you soon bye you

  Top Comments:
  1. @royfurr [4 likes]: What do you think?  Did I miss anything?  Or do you want more?  Let me know with your comments!
  2. @cantbanthebohman [4 likes]: Nice stuff man. You packed a lot into those 20 mins!
  3. @bongtenkh [2 likes]: 7 Dimensions Of An Irresistible Offer 

1. Clear Solutions to Problem The Prospect has  
2. Great Perceived Values 
3. Premium or Attractive Discount for Certain Time
4. Give  Strong Reasons To Get Now  - For Season Sale 
5. Create Urgency - Limit Offer, 
6. Clear CTA - Free 6, For First 6 Action Takers 
7. Risk Reversal - Free Risk, No Risk
  4. @alizaj4256 [2 likes]: This is really amazing, Roy, thank you so much. Are you going deeper into this inside BTMS? Irresistible offer creation is something I think everyone wanna know more about. Thank you for sharing so much value
  5. @isaiahwilliams9194 [2 likes]: Just wanted to say you’re content so far is underrated. I appreciate the videos and emails, keep up the good work!
  6. @AnthonyMetivierMMM [2 likes]: Great run through and reminder of these fundamentals. It's so easy to forget them, especially the specific ordering steps. Thanks!
  7. @Sixthsenseofselling [1 likes]: Great stuff!
  8. @joachimauster [1 likes]: too much talking head without drawing or showing 🤷‍♂️
  9. @JaxAndree [1 likes]: I'm your 1000th sub! 🎉 Keep up the good work.
  10. @JohhnyQRuben: Phenomenal content
  11. @garlandgarland940: Roy where are you?
  12. @juanngomezz: Please list more examples here, Thank you!
  13. @carlogargiulo_copywriter: I think that every copywriter in the World must watch this video
  14. @cyndeedavis0654: Thanks for compiling all this for us, Roy. I'm working on an offer right now, and this video is perfect timing for me!  Without this, I would likely have left a step or two out.  Big help!!

- How To Create Great Marketing Offers using Eugene Schwartz's 5 stages of buyer awareness: Kind: captions Language: en he wrote to Warren Buffett and got a personal response from Warren Buffett inviting him to the Berkshire Hathaway annual general meeting I was blown away by the story and I really want you to hear it so Alexei would you like to tell us how all this happened how did you get Warren Buffett to write to you personally [Music] welcome back to the productive insights podcast I'm ash Roy the founder of productive insights comm and the host of the productive insights podcast I'm delighted to welcome back Alexey neo clio's who was a guest very recently on the productive insights podcast and we had a conversation about how to create compelling content by doing excellent research excellent market research so that conversation was all around market research and how to really understand your target audience in order to be able to create compelling content and Alexie's shared some very valuable insights and specifically he shared a three pronged approach to researching your market which you can check out at productive insights com forward slash market - research now in this episode we're going to follow up from that conversation and we're going to talk about creating a compelling offer for your market having done that research and we're going to focus on levels of awareness in our conversation and how you need to be aware of what level of awareness your audience is at in order to create a compelling offer for them at their level of awareness again it comes back to meeting your customer where they are on their journey now before we kick off into the detailed technical aspects I wanted to just give you a bit of a background on Alexia if you haven't heard the previous episode which I highly recommend you do Alexia is the author of a book called content hacking which I've got in my hand here and it's a really practical book it's got a lot of Q&A style questions right through the index and I can just flick through the questions and jump to the relevant bits in the book so Alexi is a very knowledgeable person I really respect his his knowledge and his skill he practices as a copywriter but his knowledge in marketing and business is its formidable and I highly recommend you check out the book as well as listen to this conversation now Alexi is the founder of foo bo spelt fu b bi dot co and he has helped a company grow from $300,000 a month to three million dollars a month within one year using his copywriting skills that is the power of copywriting and having a good understanding of your target audience Aleksey believes that if you ask the right question in the right way you can elicit a favorable response from almost anyone and these are not just words because Alexia is about to share with us a story where he wrote to Warren Buffett and got a personal response from Warren Buffett inviting him to the Berkshire Hathaway annual general meeting I am a big fan of Berkshire Hathaway I was blown away by the story and I really want you to hear it so Alexei would you like to tell us how all this happened how did you get Warren Buffett to write to you personally yeah so this is a it's quite a few years ago because I recall it was 2003 16 years ago you know 16 years ago man time flies I had a bit of time on my hands and I thought you know what I love this guy at the time had read most of the books about him had read the vast majority of the chairman letters and so forth man it's just an awesome dude yes without really having an outcome in mind I thought I'm gonna pop him a letter and we'll see what happened now having said that I put a lot of thought into the letter a lot of thoughts sorry you know I thought to myself you know what is it this kebap resonate to this man what would cut through you know if I was to you know really I gave myself extremely long odds that I would even get a response much less an invitation to the Berkshire AGM as its guest right so anyway so let me let me walk you through some of the key patterns as I best recall them because it is 16 years ago first thing I know about Warren Buffett is you know he loves money right he's financial acumen is he's off the charts and I thought you know what if I attach some money to the top of each letter there's a pretty strong chance that no one else has sent him money in the mail like that then I thought well I can attach a 5 buck note I can attach a 10-buck notice had 250 no $200 note I thought you know what he's pretty frugal if I attach $100 note that probably will reflect badly but if it's a dollar maybe it's a little bit too low so I settled on 10 bucks right but then I thought and I knew at the time and it's still the case he hasn't been to Australia before so I wrestled with should I do an Aussie $10 note an American $10 note should I get a you know some other currency and I thought you know what Americans love Aussies yes and our currencies you know is pretty colorful so he compared to the the American currency so I attached an Aussie $10 note because it's you know for America and especially an American that hasn't been here before there be even more novelty and so this is where some of the lessons I guess I could impart here because I made him an offer you could say if nothing else an offer of stealing his attention and I thought through what is going to appeal to this gentleman in a way that he's never seen before that was really the dominant question what can I do and say and include here that is going to be a bright spark for this guy's day and that is the question we continue to ask to this very day for everybody that we work with every piece of content that we create is how can this piece of content or how can this offer be a bright spark how can there be an off-the-charts amount of novelty novelty for our recipient and you know it's Warren Buffett so yeah this stuff's not easy right so I didn't slap this together so there's another lesson if the outcome is worth it you're not gonna do it quick you're not gonna like wake up at 6:30 a.m. and by 6:35 have your maximally optimal offer promise you I promise you in five minutes you are not going to nail it right so for me when we're talking about Warren Buffett at least it was a series of days and days and days of just sticking it through cogitating meditating and so forth and this isn't even me talking about what's in the letter this is how was the letter going to be constructed what's going to be at the top of the letter to get attention and so on and so forth so that is how I got through now the envelope I cannot recall what I did with the envelope like I said it's 16 years ago I no I put thought into the envelope what I probably did there's a 99% certainty at the time I was absorbing all of Gary Halbert letters at the time he was my main mentor and at the time and he probably to his death Gary Halbert had he's a pile B pile theory should I explain it or should I just get over it okay so here it was a theory of how people saw through their mail at the time and he said it yeah that you got to think it through that people saw through their mail over the wastebasket they and they sort their stuff in the a pile of the pile the a pile is you know a letter from the tax office or a greeting card from your mum assuming you love your mother or you get on with your mother these are a pile type stuff beep I'll type stuff these marketing collateral that stuff is sorted over the bin and it struck me quick you want to be in the a pile right and Halbert advice was you at the time was you want to use a you want to look like a personal letter it cannot look like marketing collateral so if we deconstruct that what do personal letters look like a live postage stamp handwritten address there will be a personal address maybe on the return address in our case and it's about when we do even to this day because we still use direct mail we actually do not even have a return address on our letters the reason for that is raise the curiosity levels if you imagine receive letter handwritten postage stamp no return address what the heck is is they've got no choice but to open it doesn't the hand the singular purpose of the envelope is to get it open to read the letter at the moment the letter or the moment the envelope is cracked and the information of the letter is is presented job of the envelope is done okay so I probably would have done that with Warren Buffett but look in his case you and I both know the assistant no matter what would have cracked it open she would have seen the money should have been probably a mood amused yes walked into his office and he why applause oh ho he sighed and said check this up mr. Warren yeah yeah so man both stories the the bit about Gary Halbert and your story about how you thought through everything both of them reflect a deep understanding or empathy for the recipient of the communication and I just want to bring that out I know you said it but I want to reiterate that the amount of time you would have spent thinking about how the recipient in this case Warren Buffett is going to receive the letter interact with the letter and even the assistant who's gonna first open the letter all of those things is the level of care and attention that needs to go into creating a compelling offer and that's what I really wanted to bring out in this conversation so just to finish off the story then Alexi What did he say in this letter to you ah so the response is on my website and i've used it heaps this reminds me what triggered the letter in fact an ex-girlfriend of mine who knew i was a big fan of he's was living in the UK yes and she excitedly called me and said you won't believe who I just met in the UK at a bar of all places right this should have been my first a little something Sophia I warrant buffets I spoke to him I told him you're a fan and so forth so my marketing brain went oh I've got a trigger so that was actually the trigger for me to send the letter the letter opened up with oh you don't know me but you know my girlfriend she was a beautiful blonde person you met at the firing you know yadda yadda and I think he found that amusing because in a part of what his reply was I wasn't in the UK and never been to the UK I think you go from metal look-alike that was in the PS of the letter that's on my website and stuff so that's that's what triggered the letter that's what gave me an insight into okay I've got my foot of the door so to speak hear hear a rational sort of reason yes to reach out now it being the cool dude that he is he still took the time to reply even though very nice he could have easily just thought this is a ploy this guy's made this up well he probably on some level realized it was a ploy in a sense but he thought the amount of care annotation that's been put into this deserves a response look you know but then again it's it's second third fourth richest man in the world so now if I was to send a letter to Bill Gates Larry Ellison Jeff Bezos Mark Zuckerberg who I mean what long odds would you give to a reply yeah they would get smashed with mail yeah yeah I agree okay now I've got the letter here I found it in your book and it says dear Alexei thanks for your letter this is Warren Buffett's letter to you on December 3rd 2003 mr. Alexei nucleus I won't read the address out in case you're still living there dear Lexi thanks for your letter and the enclosed $10 I'm returning the latter that's so difficult since I'm unlikely to be in a position to spend it where as you can put it to good use oh man that's Buffett all the way unfortunately Luana must have been attracted to a look-alike since I haven't been in London for a long time and don't even ever remember being in a bar there I'm a bit more disappointed than she is I'm a poor bet to ever get to Australia but I'm keeping a letter just in case good luck to you PS you're definitely invited to our Annual General Meeting next year just as long as you bring Luana yeah and you can tell you could tell that he wrote that because there's the the language patterns he's a poor bet he uses that word betting a lot and the the functional utility of the ten bucks you know you could put it to good use that's how he takes his money it's its capital out he's a capital allocator that's how he defined himself you know so you know I was pretty cool to get the response I was quite blown away frankly bitters made I loved the story I just loved you know your part in the story is as fascinating to me as his so congratulations on that all right so that was an excellent story thank you for sharing that with us Alex see so now let's talk about how you created this offer and explain it in the context of our previous conversation which was about market research so you did your market research you understood your target audience and then you created an offer and you fashioned an offer that was very relevant can you talk through a framework that you use to create offers for your audience and I'd like to also preface this with saying that a piece of content is to me an offer it's just paid with attention and rather than with money but it's still an offer it may be an offer towards the top of the funnel where someone's not ready to transact financially but they're still paying with something so could you tell us a little bit about your framework for creating compelling offers yes so what we'll do is I'll give you a five-part framework that is not mine it's it was created by somebody infinitely smarter than I but it's the best framework that I've ever found to think through it definitely fits we think through offers but even more deeply to think through your audience so you can correctly conclude what offer should you make okay and then within that you've got how do you create a great offer for that particular market so there's gonna be two parts to this let me share it frameworks are just like Warren Buffett's business partner Charlie Munger I'm a huge huge huge frame fan of a user of mental models the frameworks and so forth I think as filtering mechanisms to make sense of information if they're unbeatable and so when it comes through to when it comes to what it's about making offers to the market the unbeatable framework as I see it is Eugene Schwartz's stages of awareness scale so I've just grabbed this from the activecampaign blog he's a pretty good article on the subject I think they've done a good job at this I'm going to do like a primer on it now honestly truly I can't overestimate I can't over value the breakthrough advertising book where these five parts scale or framework was first published okay if you're in business you need the book it's as simple as that if you're a copywriter or not content credit or not you need the book it's expensive unfortunately but it's it's gonna pay so much more so I'm going to try to do justice to jeans framework in the context of offers so here's the thing most people think of it a far as you give me Y X dollars I give you Y products true for select segment of your audience it is not true for the vast majority the way you need to think of your audience is your audience is going to be broken up into five categories and you'll see them here you've got an unaware segment of your audience it's going to be a problem pain aware segments of your audience there will be a signal of your audience's focus on solutions then it'll be a segment of your segment of your audience that is focused on product and then the most aware which is they love your product know your product and they're ready to buy let me deconstruct each of these and I'll make some sense for you to reach these sure first up the easiest to sell to start at the bottom these are the easiest to sell to the most aware these are people that know you love you want you and all you need is hey I've got X Y Zed product it's 50% off that's all you need you don't need 20 pages a copy you don't need the webinar you don't need the big-ass pitch in your dreams book he uses the example I was a recall of Big Macs 50% off right you're a Big Mac lover you don't need a 4-minute commercial about Big Macs and why you should love them and all this sort of stuff 50% off is what you need okay they're the easiest pitch next product aware these are people that know about your product but they don't know how it differentiates necessarily from other option this is where your your content initially needs to hit and differentiate your product the Apple iPads okay - the world's most elegant tablet I'm making that up I don't even know that I'm an iPad user I don't even know that would be an example where if there's a tablet war and your particular segment of that audience is looking to buy a tablet they're looking at you know looking at the iPad they're looking at whatever other options are out there the move there but they don't yet know why and I've had over you know whatever else is out there in galaxy or whatever it is actually no I've got a better example about four months ago I was in the market for a new iPhone first time ever I was looking at getting something else I was considering it and I was looking at Google pixel and and so on so on and something like two days after the thought entered my head I kid you not something a article pops up in my feed Apple iPhone X versus Google pixel : which one is better mmm-hmm perfect timing for me the content focused in on the unique attributes of the iPhone versus the unique attributes of the Google pixel were you getting retargeted by any chance man I I don't know if I did a search I don't know I look I don't even know but it was enough for me to go have a good holy crapola I'm not searching for diets yeah I have a special I didn't man I have a suspicion I didn't even type it in right III scary we could talk about the power of Facebook and I'm trying mate so what I want to go across here when you're talking about your offers the offer you're making is a content offer it is not a buy my stuff type offer and at this level here it's about differentiation of your products yeah and a great example is iPhone X versus Google pixel okay okay let's go to the next level actually to go back a step the only place you're making product offers buy my stuff today is at this level all of these are the levels and content offers attention you're fighting for attention you're just fighting for attention in different ways yes that's another way to think it through yes so at solution aware this is the traditional are out benefit driven type content so how do I have glowing skin in 30 days for example how to be thin and sexy ready for summer etc etc these are all solution aware outcome focused content driven this is where you might for example have the long-form webinar you might have the long-form video you might have you know a long copy sales letter that opens up with the benefits opens up with sharing contents and then as they progressed through the sales piece you're pushing them down through the awareness scale you introduce your product you differentiate your product you sell them on their product they start to desire your product and then you move into your hardcore offer to buy now yep all right so that's solution aware now 20 years ago 15 years ago even ten years ago we often would do long copy letters that would push people down this scale to buy on the spot uh-huh they still reveled relevant more commonly with live events or an immersive webinar where you push them through and you ask for the sale at the end its lesser common nowadays with long copy letters it's out there lesser common what's more common nowadays is to use and utilize retargeting frameworks yes retargeting ten years ago wasn't a thing now it's much more powerful so what you can do is have a piece of content that provides a solution that then doesn't actually immediately really target with it doesn't immediately sorry move to a product pitch but you set up a retargeting ads that moves them into product aware there then hits them up with another retargeting ad potentially for the 50% off thing yeah and an active campaign you can also have site tracking which is something I talked about with Barrymore on episode 177 so you can see which pages which Thank You pages people have arrived at on your page and use that to retarget well now you're getting more granular there's no doubt yeah no doubt yeah it makes sense if they're gone to the checkout and abandoned you might be able to go from here to here yeah it's a person totally skip that step and by the way Alexi is sharing screen as we are speaking so if you're wondering what he means by here to here you need to watch the video on YouTube which you can access that productive insight Starcom /youtube yeah okay so solution aware we've covered that let's move on higher up again so for the longest time I couldn't work out why Eugene had this before solution away because most of my career or a big part of my career I was writing benefit filled headlines right but then I realize this is a framework that we all started unaware we've always moved to a problem because before you can start searching for a solution you probably need to have a problem in mind so your audience some segment of it is that the problem pain away stage these people your headlines your content and so forth doesn't offer an outcome it hits the pain button acne question mark for example okay losing your hair question mark for example etc etc you need to hit the exact dialogue that they have in their minds right now as the problem of where stage so if they're thinking for example I'm just going to make this up I've got my head looking in the mirror and they see that they've got acne on their skin and they're worried about it then a headline such as I'm worried about the acne on your chin question mark he's probably going to hit the mark more often than not I can just take that further but I'm gonna I don't want to do that in this particular podcast I just know at this level your content talking about a problem at this level you can be absolutely during long-form webinars you could be absolutely inviting people to events all that sort of stuff you are not pitching anything usually at this stage okay and then what you do eat it like I said you you start them here then from problem you move into the solution and you move them into problem where and then obviously you make the picture okay and then at the top of this framework is the unaware market people that don't know what they don't know this is the biggest markets they are also the hardest market to sell to and they usually will have the longest sales cycle right because they're at what digital marketer cause top of the funnel there are top of the funnel you could say it look at it doesn't exactly translate this this model doesn't exactly translate to the top of the funnel Miller funnel bottom or funnel framework he relates there's no doubts yeah there's a bit more detail to it but yeah for the sake of our talk today yeah this most closely resembles top of the funnel okay for sure because you could break up top of the funnel to be here to be here or to be that restricted speaking yeah these are people that don't know what they don't know so in Eugene's book he used the example of a TV repairmen and the headline was why haven't TV owners been told these facts question mark and the offer was for a book that basically said you don't need to have a TV repairman come out to your home to fix a TV you can just buy this book that shows you exactly what you need to do and instead of spending hundreds of dollars on a TV Peyman you can spend 15 bucks and get everything that you need right he was trying to say that that market at that stage didn't it weren't even aware that they could make slight adjustments to their TVs themselves yes they weren't aware that's the key to this and that's why this market here are resonates with a headline like that it could resonate with the sixth visit the six biggest mistakes that property investors make that they don't even know - six biggest mistakes seven biggest mistakes type headlines and themes for your content yeah this level the three most dangerous trends facing business owners the law firms whatever maybe information works at this level is that trends data all of that works at this level that's the correct decision at this point yeah that is how you get on their radar and then like I said before you start to believe yeah in terms of that unaware stage I remember writing an article a guest post it said how lack of sleep is killing you and your career and that was quite popular it got quite a strong response yes so there's a case to make that is at that level their problem awareness okay yep there's a case there the way that would be unaware would be the little non silent killer that's robbing you of testosterone and ten years and stealing ten years off your age or something or a lovely cause you to die prematurely cool that that isn't a non-compliant come claim you would never get that publish anyway but the silent killer that's doing x y&z yeah is more be fully unaware uh-huh okay now when you're producing content when you're producing offers and so forth he's what you want to do it's hard to do it not everybody does it even I don't do it because of needy efforts you want to have your offers targeted to each of these okay each of the five stages yep well they're made these five funnels five lead five yada yada yada okay well naturally for fun for lead magnets five funders because this first one of the most aware this here is an example of a particular subscriber being on your email list for a year has bought some products in the past readily you see your active campaign reports readily opened your emails click-through reaches out to you by email says great article loved it you know they're clearly if you were to short list your top 50 best people they fall into that right okay that's that sort of a person now there's a case to make also probably in that person is an opt-in subscriber that has never bought but loves you content reports on your you know actually opens with a lot of your emails and he's getting really really close to buying their first product uh huh that's that sort of a person okay okay now that this person here could also that person I've just described could also be this person to in some cases okay you know I've been on your list for a while gauge with a lot of content maybe even showed up to a free event never bought really close to buy these on you to easiest picture to easier sales you'll ever make okay so when you're building out your content in your offers do this one first mmm-hmm once you button that down then go to this one yep and then go to this one and as you imagine the inverted pyramid with the apex down the bottom yeah I put the market starts to get bigger and bigger and bigger and bigger yeah but there's a direct relationship between complexity of selling time of selling cost of sale this person here will cost you probably more to make the sale correct than this person here because the unaware person is nowhere near there buying window and the most aware person is at the buying window correct right right so you think you through your offers and your content and so forth and indispensable to have this framework in mind yes even when you're creating Facebook Ads you know you've got retargeting frameworks that you're pushing people through this keep this in mind and you won't get if you if you screw up you acre - you won't screw up too badly you've got something to filter your decision through yes yeah I agree and I think what I like about this framework is also it helps you to zero in on putting the right offer in the right in front of right person at the right time on their journey so the unaware person putting a paid offer in front of them is not the right time for them at that stage the unaware stage they're not even aware of the problem so the offer there should be hey are you aware of this problem and then the next stage would be now that you're aware of the problem are you aware of the pain that this problem is causing you and so on through to when they're the most away and you say okay we both agree that you have a problem that you know that there is a solution you know that there is a product would you like to buy the product and that's when they're in that buying window of paying for the product yeah and I'll tell you something if you just a little bit of common sense you can work this out yourself so if we consider the Big Mac that way you all know yeah Big Mac 50% off to some of those never heard of a Big Mac yes I love that yep it just means nothing that's right so straight away you know that wrong exactly a Big Mac to someone who if Big Mac 50% off that doesn't know your product that has a problem doesn't apply what you do there is hungry how are you starving but have little time perhaps question mark right then you would start to segue through to introduce in the Big Mac there's two patties and the three buns or whatever and guess what today it's 50% off then we go here solution aware so I don't know what what's a benefit of a Big Mac I don't eat them I'm actually satisfies your hunger there are other consequences but you end up feeling full let's put it that way or it could be it could be I look I don't know I kind of usually come to think of it benefit driven a headline for a Big Mac let's just skip it right and it's all a bit of a hold free but you can see some ads when you say McDonald's commercials you can see they're they hitting they don't really hit on away too often right there they root because they've got their products from the center but you can see like the big value packs they do 1995 feed a whole family yeah right that's largely that the affordability thing the quick and the quickness and the speed mum doesn't have to rush home cook you know don't want to spend a bundle no time get the 1995 family pack you can see just by even looking at many of of Donald's ads they're all naturally appealing to these various stages of awareness depending on what they're offering yeah yeah this is fantastic because this fits beautifully into a nine step framework that I've created for my members in my membership the first step is the research and you know market research base which we talked about in the last episode and soon after that one of the steps is to create a compelling offer so this is I'm gonna put this I'm gonna link to this episode in that nice app framework awesome okay so let's talk about how you were able to create a compelling offer for one of your clients that resulted in a high profitable turnover so when we're talking about making astoundingly strong offers or a big-ticket item of a few grand or more we really need to ask ourselves who is the audience okay we always go back to the audience it keeps coming back to that now other things being equal he's what I've learned in almost two decades being ticket offers to audiences that are not sophisticated okay meaning what I mean is let's say you want to sell a ten thousand dollar property investing course or live event or whatever it may be to people that have never bought property before what are the things that move the dial for them is lots of stuff right a big box of stuff all right stuff lot of stuff beginners other things being equal will assess value based buy based on weight now I don't know if I learned that from day Kennedy or Gary Halbert one of the one of those two guys said it you want a lot of stuff the next thing if you selling big ticket to go back a step so what you want the stuff to be in terms of value and this get stuff for 10 grand you want like 10 times the value right it's harder 10 grand because it's a hundred grand of value okay two grand what we used to do for selling home study courses and the like the asking price is 2 grands we would create a list of bonuses stuff that would equate to 15 20 25 thousand dollars worth of value and that could be recordings to events that could be manuals that could be consulting time certificates that were always good because if you're valuing your time at 500 bucks an hour and you gave 10 of those for example there's an instrument 5000 bucks worth of value and that has really perceived by the customer as well I mean perceived value not implying that it isn't actually worth that but the customer must agree that that is the value yeah it's always about the client it's always about what the client is it this could backfire if you go and tack on a $500 per hour hourly rate and you don't have any authority you don't have any presence you're not you're like a you know you ho just hope you're not there yet you know they're just gonna laugh at you and go dude who you you know like so other things being equal beginner markets they like the stuff they like the wait 10 times is that roughly the ballpark you want to go for a $10,000 that gets hard if that's a price point but that's what we used to be strive for the next if we're talking big-ticket and it's a beginner audience the money-back guarantees can be powerful but you gotta be damn careful damn careful because what you'll get is you'll offer the guarantee and people that are beginners that are new they're scared of just whatever this get of them may not implement anything and ask for the refund yes if you've got to make guarantees of performance you can write all sorts of legal problems there too works really well with the beginner market our conditional guarantees these are believable as well because beginner markets that are buying big-ticket items inherent in there where there are right now in their own evolution and personality is they're scared of themselves mm-hmm they're scared if it the way they frame it is I'm they're worried if the system is going to work yes okay yeah it's a great system and we know it works that's a lesser of an issue really what they were ids about their own capacity to implement the system so this works on me for me for me but no one ever comes out and says that but that's really what they're saying song means to do so I remember I think I watch this in one of the digital marketer trainings Ryan Deiss who was an episode 170 I don't have he said it in the episode but it was in one of the trainings people are often asking will this work for me when they're actually just saying does your system work yeah that's actually what they saying and so with a beginner market a conditional guarantee can be very powerful implement one tool from the course and if you don't get X outcome you get a refund or whatever it may be conditional based upon at least one action on their part hmm what that opens a door to though in a beginner market again is the performance-based outcome this is where you can start to introduce the idea of and it gets dicey with beginners but promising outcome engineering outcomes yes in a beginner market and this is well I want to get across and it goes ties back to the offer really really compelling offers conclude the outcome for the audience a compelling offer makes it believable and clear-cut and concrete what the outcome will be for the audience this is key because if 100 percent of your audience in you guaranteed how do the SAMS that the outcomes from spending five grand with you will be fifty for them or a hundred grand for them or whatever the outcome is they knew a hundred percent we would all just buy and spend the five thousand bucks yeah yeah with the beginner market we want to try and promise outcomes we're running into their own fear about their own situation so the conditional guarantee works really really well we have a much more sophisticated audience you can start to guarantee certain outcome again you've got to be careful our income claims and all that sort of stuff it's getting tougher and tougher every year I'm just saying as part of an offer the ultimate offer is giving the outcome nothing beats that and sure you can give lots of bonuses sure you can imply guarantees all that stuff is good but the ultimate offer is spend five today get fifty sometime in the future get 100 sometime in the future and the best thinking on this subject that I've ever seen is Dean Jackson I don't know Dean personally we know many of the same people we're like one degree of separation well what's one degree of separation we know one person in between us right I think we're one degree separation for dozens of people I don't know if he knows that about me but I definitely what about him I give him lots of credit because he's a an awesome thinker and he has James Franco as one person that you know that he knows there's one right yeah and he has the best thinking on the engineering outcomes for clients okay he talks about this when you're dialing in your offer and so forth the preeminent offer is the Gettys the outcome but it's hard to do right because if you just imagine you arrive if we were on the hook to guarantee outcome for every single person that buys from us now we're we're a managed service so we do all the content for clients what we don't do is the distribution clients we will live it to clients to post the content drive ads traffic and so forth I always want to do that to do that for clients the initial version of our company was all that and then I realized we can't do everything world-class can't do it all world-class I need to impossibility I've never seen it so we and I put wanted to engineer the outcome and I realize that we're not capable so we do one part of the equation world class yes unfortunately we can't absolutely guarantee the outcome so we referred to world class people yes man I would love do you pay for our come on yes just can't to it yes damn if it could be done sometime is general genuine limitations what about delivering part of the outcome which is what you kind of said already but I'm just thinking in terms of the initial part of the offer so for example with my membership what I'm doing at the moment is I'm giving away for up to four hours of free sessions to founding members and it's only $99 a month that's not gonna be able I'm gonna be able deliver that forever but in that in those four sessions in that first month I get them a result and then that gives them the confidence to stay with me for a year two years three years I've only been doing it for six months so I don't know how long they'll tenure will be but what about delivering an epic result for a small fee initially to earn the trust and then systemising it yes so it could be a viable idea are there's a few holes and nuts what are those being message to market-match making sure you're working with the right people so yeah i han't think the people that I get into yeah so in our case even though we don't do the distribution even though we don't buy the ads what I've learned through a fair bit of pain I probably you had you go through six months of pain to work this out I wanted to do it all for everybody okay realize can't be done so that I went well how do we get the outcome I don't know that's really easy just work with clients that's a ride on the precipice of I just we just got to do one thing and as soon as I put it out there we get the results so in our case in my book you saw the content hacking scorecard yes so I think the number is 51 or 52 points you need a we need you need a minimum threshold of 51 52 points to work with us now what that means in effect usually is you've got traffic you've got an email list you've got a funnel you're probably running some Facebook Ads man I can tell you now I can't read about I say to you dude if you do it all that will get you the outcome the ROI in fact I said that to to client to new clients this morning that's a no-brainer happy to eat to guarantee them because all they've got to do is broadcast the email yes so one clients they came on last month you have thirty thousand emails on his list yeah I said Michael how often do you get email with your list all right you guys probably once a month and Michael that's insane dude here's what you do do this first and then buy it because I know when you do this you're gonna want to spend more money with me send out this one nine word email oh yes Dean Jack says don't let email yep here is my ping Jackson again dude I'm gonna hug that guy when I seem right one nine would email I gave him the wording and I said Michael prediction three to four hundred leads the next morning I get an SMS exclamation marks like all over the map Aleksey we've got over 200 within a couple of hours you're a genius yes comedy genius right deena genius um but here's the thing I knew that the content would work because of the message to market-match so this is how we'd gotten across get guaranteeing outcome you could say in the in these circumstances is I see that the assets are already locked in the the pillars are in place with the climb and all we've got to do is great work on our end and the moment our work gets put in front of their built-in audience email list big social following traffic to the website you know our basic package is 1397 USD per month you know if you're selling a 30 grand item or a 20 grand item or whatever it may be that's nothing these are the sort of situations we look we hunt for and look out for with clients and when we can't when we don't have those on pretty quick nowadays to call it and say look I'm going to be honest with you I struggle to see whether our ROI is gonna happen from our particular services I want to give it to you the here's the problem and I'll go through and say you don't have the funnel in you don't have traffic no yeah yeah I remember talking to Ilana Wexler who does Facebook Ads and that is one of the things she looks for when she works with somebody because she says I could create the best Facebook ad for you in the world but if you don't have a funnel to convert the ad what's the point in doing the ad yeah you know you need to have a good landing page you need to have a good offer you need to have done your research otherwise your ads gonna not work here's a thing in a managed service context having the discipline to say no gets easier mm-hmm it really does because we get pain if we say yes to a client that we know really you know it's they're not gonna get our way from this we get pain it's very clear we've got a month or two it's just not there it's a lot harder with an info product with an info product it's very easy to say the content amazing but it's up to our client to implement yes it's easier to let people by you know that you may make a personal assessment and say well I can remove this person actually implementing pretty low but are you responsible for that in a managed service context we definitely are because we need clients to stick and it's an ongoing relationship so it's very for us to be disciplined I really like Amy Porterfield refund policy I really like how she does everything in business and she only gives refunds I believe if you complete the exercises in associated with the product which i think is very fair that stops the tire kickers as well if you complete the exercises you'll get the results so you know that's a conditional guarantee which has its place certainly in an information market dealing with beginners now that's going to be a decision for her now she's going to have less churn have less refunds she'll have less complaints less negative reviews there's a litany of advantages i've we've got other clients so we're never in a million years do the conditional guarantee it's been a million bucks a month on ads set like go get some clothes I spend that much that sell education but they've got dozens of salespeople on the team got to keep the sales team busy there's big ad budgets as are those a whole big machine I just can't relate to that approach it just doesn't make any sense to me yeah it depends on the goal and the outcome and look at Sadducee it's a personal decision I guess sure yeah I'd rather take the pain upfront and have somebody say no I don't want to buy your product because I'm not willing to do the work and not buy my product then have to go through the whole process of them buying it and then wanting to refund it afterwards it's just a waste of time for them and me yeah the decision was easier ten years ago before the pro left before it leads they're really really even 15 is gonna call it right the decisions are easier now because Google rewards and negative reviews and you know like if you get if you write a negative review and you do a good job of it it's really hard to pull that crap down so if you've got a I see right yeah so 50 years ago the conditional guarantee was quite uncommon quite uncommon it has much more of a place now truly because a dissenting clients that absolutely did not lift a finger for a split second to implement your stuff who's absolutely a hundred percent responsible yeah and make a big fuss in the public forum for us it being ticket like we friendly talking more yeah yeah yeah tom has been on this podcast have a sir 30 beautiful turkeys got some very firm views on this because he's got a community yes okay but if you're selling a five thousand dollar info product that is deliverables in a membership portal there is no community and so forth then it's a harder decision it's not as easy because there's no community behind it it's still easier than 10-15 years ago because the dissenting client that didn't lift a finger than he's lazy whatever maybe who's a hundred percent responsible for getting a result and still cause a big ruckus on social and on Google yes and that has look we've got clients that actually have this happening where they just cannot get removed from Google it's a negative man it just can't be done it's really hard once it's up there and it cost them genuinely is money out of their pocket I know I know you know I'd rather just stay a small brand and be effective then you know be really huge and that's one of the other disadvantages of being a really big brain because then you become a target for a lot of these sorts of unfair practices in my opinion okay so we've talked about how to go about creating an offer and the biggest challenges around creating an offer implicit in what you said is really not doing the research not understanding your audience well enough not understanding which stage of their buying journey they're in so I'm just going to do a quick recap and then we'll talk about action steps and then we'll talk about where people can go to get more help from you when it comes to creating an offer and/or doing research so you talked about the five stages of awareness which is explained in the book breakthrough advertising by Eugene Schwartz and they are stage one is the unaware the least likely to buy the person who is unaware of the problem and obviously unaware of your product or your offer the second stage is that they're aware of the problem but they may not be aware of the solution that the problem does have a solution that is available to them the third stage is where their solution aware so they're aware of the problem they're aware of the solution but they're not yet aware of the product the four stages they're aware of the product as being a solution to their problem and then the fifth stages where they're most aware and they're most likely to buy a product because they're actually aware of your product being a solution to their problem have I summed that up correctly yeah with product aware so they're aware of your product but they're not aware that you're certain your product is the the differentiating solution to their yes it's a differentiating point at the problem of where stage selling point so the action steps to create a good quality offer is to understand where your target audience fits in that five-step framework do a lot of research understand how your offer is going to solve their problem where they are on their journey a good approach in my opinion would be to check out the episode on creating an empathy map episode 117 and definitely check out the previous episode where Lexie and I talked about market research productive insights will come forward slash market - research Aleksey what other action steps do you recommend our listeners take to create a good quality offer yeah what we haven't talked about is looking at the competition so a good thing is yeah a good quality offer is only relative to other options and so if you're you're you know if you're selling I don't have to example let's say we're selling I want to find something with that okay water bottles yeah ten bucks and you come along and you do it a competitor analysis and others are selling the exact same water bottle for eight bucks yes but you're off is pretty crappy yes so you need to do a competitor analysis because part of what he's an amazing offer is no one else is doing it but it's what the market sincerely craves and once and this is where the power of a brand comes in at the most aware there's no other Big Mac of the world's only McDonald's is offering that 50% off Big Mac so when you get brand awareness happening when you get your community you get your audience they love you love you love you you now start to cultivate a brand and that's one of the key investing principles that Warren Buffett uses and that is companies that have a durable sustainable competitive advantage and brand is one of the big things I caused at the mote mo 80 yes the merchants I think okay you can think of your email lists Beaute you can think of your buyers that's how you could think of your private Facebook group these people that come back for more and more yeah that's how you think of that this is your moat 10 years ago the email list was the big moats now where there are so many other channels you can't help but just think in terms of multiple platforms now your LinkedIn following those that comment on your content on your content you know that sort of stuff the this is your moat you know like what about biggest clients when we speak a lot tens and tens of millions of dollars a year in sales and we were brainstorming what would happen if his email server got shut down Facebook's shutting down like everything and he his best estimation was he would have two years of business two years of momentum left in the engine in his company now he would have to strip back people and all that sort of stuff but two years of equity nothing to his machinery whether he's right or wrong and I know called maybe it's a year maybe it's three years but the point is that is his moat now here's a thing even if it got shut down he's email servers got shut down he could definitely get those email names into another system warm some of them up so that's doable um Facebook shot down his accounts he's got a 50 other accounts he'd find away yes what are the action steps that come out of that step yeah so first you identify which stage of awareness are you going to speak to like I said you can speak to all five start with the bottom on think through some offers but of course do a competitor analysis what other offers are people making if you don't have a brand that is the competitor analysis gets very important if you do have a brand where you can do what the heck you likes the people that love you will buy yes yeah another thing to also think about I think is that do nothing option so how is my solution going to be a better option than the customer doing nothing well that's interesting that's interesting we used to use a clothes now I don't write copy anymore but when we'd used to do long copy letters we had to close that I always sort of what's the word I'm looking for I always creep it a bit because it sounded so egotistical but it was something like this it was a sh here's the thing what I put on the table for you now is a life-changing offer it has a potential to do this and to do that and you do the other thing transform the family the life of your family transform your peace of mind help you sleep late at night etc etc for me it's an extra grand in my pocket an extra two grand I'm not going to notice it either way we think about that now every time we did that and it worked every time I did I thought I sound like a complete here so does the clients and I'll usually write it for a client nattie now when that's got the right delivery behind it when you got the status and the authority it comes off pretty powerfully because it's true a Multi multi multimillionaire is like an artist to grant the education found on a 2 grand product and I what's happened for me and probably happen for you has changed my life truly then once again you've delivered amazing value to our listeners so thank you I really appreciate it how do our listeners find out more of that Alexi so a few places if you have got funnels you've got awesome traffic you're producing some content but you just don't have the time to really smash it out at a higher level maybe we could help you on a managed service level so Fumiko is the place to go if you BB I see oh and just love a note in through the submission form on the contact page mention - so we know that where you come from if you're not at that level but you just love maybe what I've shared here you can find us on Facebook Ruby code like our fanpage and stuff with published content every single day and definitely opt-in to our email list you can do that from the website we do currently four emails a week five coming up that sounds like oh my god you're emailing too much no no everything is content we don't pitch with we don't pitch every 21 days we do do a nine word email that is something like do you need help with content otherwise there is no pitching it's all content is for free it's the best stuff and that we can possibly produce and that all 100% comes out of a direct experience producing content and getting results from content for ourselves and the tunnel clients we now work with excuse my language that's okay and there you have it Alexi has demonstrated the 5 stage framework in what he just said he said that if you're ready to do business with him then you can organize to work with him in a managed service type situation but if you're not at that stage if you're in the unaware stage or the problem where stage probably then you can just subscribe to his email list or check out content on his website you your actions speak as loud as your way I don't even realize I don't realize anymore the amount of times people have said to me hey man you speak like you write copy okay well yeah two decades nearly offered this unconscious yeah I love it thanks for being on the show man

- "Unlocking the Power of Persuasion: Breakthrough Advertising Strategies for Success": Kind: captions Language: en ever wondered why a book on Advertising is the most expensive well let's dive into the fascinating world of Eugene Schwarz the man who penned the coveted Masterpiece breakthrough advertising this is not just any book it's a beacon of knowledge a tone that has become the holy grail for marketing enthusiasts worldwide in The Labyrinth of advertising where strategies are as diverse as they are intricate breakthrough advertising stands as a Timeless guide a book that despite being published over half a century ago still resonates with today's marketing Dynamics its value currently it's one of the most expensive books on Advertising you could lay your hands on so what makes it so sought after why is it seen as the Golden Goose of advertising knowledge and most importantly who exactly was Eugene Schwarz these are the Intriguing questions we're about to explore stay tuned to discover the man behind this coveted Masterpiece Our Story begins in 1927 with the birth of a man who would revolutionize the world of ad advertising Eugene Schwarz was born and raised in but Montana a small city known for its Rich mining history but it wasn't precious metals that caught young Eugene's attention instead he was captivated by the art of communication The Power of Words and the potential of persuasion Eugene's educational Journey was as eclectic as his interests he studied at the University of Washington where he delved into the world of literature and philosophy these fields of study may seem far removed from the world of advertising but it was here that Eugene began to understand the power of narrative the art of persuasion and the importance of understanding human nature after his university years Eugene dabbled in various jobs but it was the mail order business that truly sparked his interest in advertising in the mid 20th century mail order was a booming industry it relied heavily on Crafting compelling narratives that could convince people to buy products without seeing them this was Eugene's First Take of the advertising world and he was hooked he started out as a copywriter crafting persuasive letters to entice potential customers it was during these early years that Eugene began to understand the importance of understanding the customer he realized that successful advertising was not just about selling a product it was about understanding the customer's needs desires and fears it was about speaking directly to them and convincing them that your product was the answer to their problems Eugene took these lessons to heart and carried them throughout his career his early experiences in the mail order business taught him valuable lessons about the Power of Words the importance of understanding your audience and the Art of persuasion these lessons would form the foundation of his advertising philosophy and guide his groundbreaking work in the years to come little did he know his early experiences would lay the foundation for his groundbreaking work in the future schwarz's career in advertising was anything but ordinary this is a a statement that Rings true for anyone who has ever delved into the life and work of Eugene Schwarz his career was not a straight line it was a series of twists and turns full of innovation and exploration that led him to become one of the most influential figures in the world of advertising starting out as a male order copywriter in the mid 20th century Schwarz quickly Rose to prominence due to his unique approach to advertising he wasn't just writing copy he was crafting narratives he was telling stories he was connecting with people on a deeper more emotional level this was a radical departure from the dry fact-based advertising of the time and it set shorts apart from his peers he had an uncanny ability to tap into the desires and fears of consumers to understand what truly motivated them and he used this understanding to create some of the most successful Direct Mail promotions the world has ever seen he revolutionized the very concept of direct mail advertising turning it into an art form but Schwarz didn't stop there he continued to innovate to experiment to push the boundaries of what was possible in advertising he was a man of many talents and he used every one of them to his Advantage he was a writer yes but he was also a marketer a psychologist a researcher and an entrepreneur he knew how to sell a product but more importantly he knew how to sell an idea in 1966 Schwarz published a book that would forever change the advertising industry these were not just the words of an over enthusiastic book critic but a testament to the transformative power of Eugene schwarz's breakthrough advertising what made this book so groundbreaking it wasn't just the innovative ideas although there were plenty of those it wasn't just the compelling writing although Schwarz had that in Spades no what made breakthrough advertising such a GameChanger was the way it turned conventional advertising wisdom on its head the book introduced the concept of Market sophistication a theory that suggested that the success of an ad campaign depends largely on the maturity of the market it targets Schwarz argued that the more familiar a market is with a product the more sophisticated the advertising needs to be to capture attention and drive sales Schwarz also introduced the five stages of Market awareness which dictate how to communicate with potential customers based on their knowledge of the product this was a major departure from the one- siiz fits-all approach of the time and it revolutionized the way advertisers thought about their target markets but perhaps the most revolutionary aspect of breakthrough advertising was its focus on the psychology of the customer Schwarz believed that successful advertising Taps into existing desires rather than creating new ones he argued that the key to effective advertising lies in understanding these desires and crafting a message that resonates with them now let's address the elephant in the room why is breakthrough advertising one of the most expensive books on Advertising well it's not just because of the groundbreaking content when the book was first published it didn't sell well it was ahead of its time and many in the industry weren't ready for its radical ideas as a result only a limited number of copies were printed making it a rare find today but that's not the only reason despite being over half a century old breakthrough advertising is still incredibly relevant the principles Schwarz outlined understanding your Market ta into existing desires tailoring your message to the stage of Market awareness these are all still Central to successful advertising today and with the rise of digital marketing they're even more applicable people are willing to pay a premium for breakthrough advertising not just because it's rare but because it's valuable it's a Timeless guide to understanding not just advertising but human nature it's a testament to schwarz's genius and foresight and a reminder that the most effective advertising speaks to the heart not the head so there there you have it breakthrough advertising wasn't just a book it was a revolution it changed the game for advertisers and it continues to do so today and that's why it's not just Advertising but one of the most important schwarz's book was not just a guide to advertising it was and still is a guide to understanding human nature Eugene Schwarz was truly a master of his craft his life was a testament to the power of creativity and Innovation from his humble beginnings Schwarz Rose to become a renowned figure in the world of advertising his career was filled with remarkable achievements that revolutionized the industry the essence of his work captured in his revered book breakthrough advertising is a Priceless gem in the marketing sphere this book distinguished by its substantial price tag is an invaluable resource that provides deep insights into the art of persuasive advertising its principles strategies and techniques have shaped the advertising world making it a significant influence even today schwarz's impact on the advertising industry is undeniable his legacy lives on evident in the compelling advertisements we encounter daily his insightful approach to marketing continues to inspire and guide advertising enthusiasts across the globe so next time you see a compelling advertisement remember we have Eugene Schwarz to thank for the science behind it

- Never Done Before - Marketing Awareness Stages With Specific Examples | Eugene Schwartz: Kind: captions Language: en So I want to share with you the five awareness stages in the marketing uh world and how they work and also how they work in a practical um example. Um Eugene Schwarz is the one who made this known. Um although there are also many other people um with this book um that have similarly similar concepts. Um what I know for sure that he is um mentioning it this in in this book and that's why also a lot of people are referencing his work as the holy grail of marketing. Um it's just makes clear okay um on it allows you to better structure your customer um and how you can reach them eventually. Yeah, that's that's all to it. Um and I have a document here. This is not mine. You can see here Marinish. Um he is very experienced. Um but his agency just takes on very um uh clients that are spending around uh minimum 50k per month or something like that um on ads. Um I al I also take um on people that um that are new to the um meta marketing space and want to take it serious. Um so yes that's why I'm going to just reference this because he has more um insight u more volume um and yes on how to actually talk to these different stages um and what are actually these five stages. So the unaware, need aware, problem aware, solution aware and the product aware. Um the unaware stage is like um they actually don't even know that they have a problem. That's why you need to somehow put them into the thinking okay hey um actually there are people that have a better life or better outcome with their situation. That's why we have the the story here, the journey and you need to put them into the transformation. It's also similar to the um problem aware and where you have this transformation. Um but yeah, it's also you can um structure it more like a secret. But here the the difference with with the problem where aware stage is that um they're aware okay I have a problem already and they know okay um they need to act now yes it can work it it's not exclusively just working on one type of um funnel or one type of awareness stage but this structure in general works also for me um secret story journey um yeah calling out like a hidden secret um on how somebody achieved success for example. Um then the needware stage just needs needs to get the statements. So yeah, there is a solution to your problem. Um and also ask um questions on on how they are trying to uh combat um their problem um or or just that the customer gets more insightful and um illuminates that problem he has much more so we can push him actually to the problem stage. Um some of the ads we have um are actually designed like we are first of all prospecting an unaware stage. we have um a secret the secret nobody knows blah blah um and then maybe going on with a question like have you thought about blah blah blah and then pushing them through actually already in the same ad to their problem um um problem stage awareness stage um where we just state okay yeah this is the problem and here's the solution for it and then actually just saying okay these are the benefits and this is what you can expect from it. Um these are the reviews from other people. Um and the reviews are already the product awareness stage. Um where we don't just give them a great offer, give them a guarantee. Um and then something to act now like a discount on on I don't know a plus one um offer. This always works great. And um this way we can move with one ad um one customer um completely through the wall stage. And um this also allows us to target mainly new customers because um the problem is that Facebook is so expensive that um we try to reach more mainly new customers and uh with email we can then um reach the customer that we already acquired from Facebook because email is actually free. No, it's not free, but you also need your product photos, ideation, somebody who executes um the ideas, maybe a copywriter, maybe a campaign manager, somebody who observes the that the campaign manager observes the results. Um but yeah, these are the stages. Um make a screenshot of it. Um download the video. Um save it somewhere. You need to remember these stages um for yourself. Um, and how does this look now practically? Um, and actually it's pretty simple to um get yourself this generated um automatically. You can just give it um this document to your favorite AI and it will analyze it and you just need to give it the correct prompt on what you want. and um also tell it. Okay. Um I want it for Facebook, for example. What's the one secret all true legends have in common? Um so I'm just selling a shirt. This is the shirt legends. If you want to buy one, uh reach out to me. Um what's the one secret all the true legends have in common? It's not their job, not their cards, it's their year they were born. your year. A year that defined a generation with captured that pride on a shirt that feels as legendary as you are. With hundreds of five-star reviews, multiple colors, fast shipping, your legacy is just a click away. Tap to find your year and see what the legend looks like. Or picture this so directly into a story like um um beginning. and you walk into a party, someone across the rooms squints, smiles, and gives you a nod. They don't know your name, but they know your ear because your shirt says it all. You're part of the same club. This is the shirt that starts conversations. It comes in your favorite color, ships fast, and it fit. And if the size isn't perfect, returns are easy. Ready to tell your story without saying a word? Click below. we are not so yeah the needleware stage and it's so clear um what is happening in each stage to make it more uh clear what uh the the differences let's hop into the product aware stage it starts with you have seen it this can't be more obvious on on the on the um different awareness stage um and who you are talking to or still on the fence but Yeah, let's go through these. You're not just getting older, you're becoming iconic. The year you were born in uh born isn't just a number. And I like my poetic verbal annunciations. It's a statement and we believe you should wear it proudly. That's why we created this. It's a bestseller with hundreds of five-star reviews available in a color that that matches your style. We ship it fast and make returns for size exchanges totally painless. It's time to own your legacy. Tap to claim your year now. Ever feel like your birth year just deserved more? It was the year of epic music, unforgettable movie movies, and the year you arrived. It was one of a kind. So, we made a shirt to match. Pick your year, pick your color, let us handle the rest with fast shipping and easy returns. The hundreds of five-star reviews speak for themselves. Don't let your year be just a number. Make it a statement. Click to order. problem aware stage. Sick of boring generic clothes that say nothing about you? The solution isn't another random graphic. It's the one thing that's 100% yours. Your birth year, our legends tea is the answer. It's highly rated, chips, lightning fast, and comes in a range of colors. And if you guess the wrong size, our return process is incredibly easy. Stop searching, start celebrating. have to customize yours. Now, script two, go from just another person in a t-shirt to the person with a story to tell. This shirt does that. It instantly transforms your log into a proud statement about who you are and where you come from. See for yourself why hundreds have left five-star reviews. With fast shipping and a perfect fit guarantee, thanks to easy returns, you can't go wrong. Ready for your transformation. Click to order your year. Don't just get a birth year shirt. Get the birthy year shirt. The one with the iconic vintage design everyone loves. The one with hundreds of glowing five-star reviews praising the com the comfort and print quality. The one that comes with multiple rich colors and gets you fast and easy risk-free returns. This isn't just a shirt. It's a wall package. Get the best tap to order now. Yes, there are other shirts out there. But do they have this a bold timeless design actually looks cool? Hundreds of five star reviews from real customers. I promise of fast shipping and easy returns if the fit isn't perfect. We didn't think so. The choice is clear. Don't settle for less. tap to get the original legend T that delivers on its promise. You have seen it. And this is then the the um end result of the first one. Um I actually I am not fully satisfied um with the quality. It's great, not going to lie. It can work. I might not because working is is having um like a really great ad. Um, it will definitely work. The question is, um, whether it's going to have a five plus rows or something like that. What's the one? But this is the idea created. Secret all true legends have in common. It's not their job, not their car. It's the year they were born. They had to create this very, very fast. A year that defined a generation. We've captured that pride on a shirt that feels as legendary as you are. With hundreds of five-star reviews, multiple colors, and fast shipping, your legacy is just a click away. Tap to find your year and see what a legend looks like. Easy. That's it. And we are through this video. Thanks for watching. Um, tune in next time. I love you guys. Bye.

- 5 Stages of the Eugene Schwartz Market Awareness Model: Kind: captions Language: en In the Eugene Schwarz market awareness model, your prospect, your market moves from moves through these stages of awareness. So, first they are unaware. They're not aware that they that they like have a problem or a challenge that they want to have solved and then they become problem aware. They become aware that they have a problem that they want to have solved. Then they go looking for potential solutions and they become solution aware meaning they recognize that a solution of some kind exists out in the marketplace and it may uh be something that they do. It may be products. It may be services. that maybe there's all sorts of potential solutions, but they become aware of like the general category of a solution. And then they become you aware as in they become aware of the specific brands, specific uh products or services that that may actually solve that problem. And then they become deal ready. In other in other words, they're they're ready to

  Top Comments:
  1. @IslamicPulse0: after spending over a year

I feel the concepts are a bit overrated

i mean they are fenomenal

but a bit overrated

and more used to promote marketing services and ecommerce etc


human pyschology is too complex to put in frameworks

but B.A gives a direction where you can go


but most try to copy paste frameworks into their market

that just simply doesnt work



anyways too much ramble


THANKS FOR THE VIDEO!
  2. @HungLeEntrepreneur: King Roy is back 🫡

- Why Your Webinar Isn’t Attracting Buyers (Eugene Schwartz Explains): Kind: captions Language: en Are you a business owner who always dreaming of having the ideal client who just join your webinar by the way and if you faces a problem which is you attract a lot of the people in your webinar they just come here wanted to get information okay they want to learn something from you then and u but you are you you just unable to get them to uh book a point with you or the buy the product or service you are selling on your webinar then here is a solution for you. The solution is you have to understand something called the five stage of customer awareness. If you if you don't understand what what is the five stage of customer awareness you are going to struggle uh attract the right people and also convert into a paid client. Here is what five stage of customer awareness. Stage number one and most of your ideal client they unaware of the problem they are facing. Okay, just for example, use my example. I'm helping the people with a webinar funnel. And do you think a lot of people know they need a webinar funnel? Most of the people have never heard about a webinar funnel. So most of the people don't know the problem. Okay. when they become aware that means these people and when if especially they in sales okay let's say when they try to sell the prospect but they struggling with the relationship and trust so that means they schedule the appointment but before they schedule the appointment the prospect know nothing about the product and the service about the company and so they don't have any kind of education material to build a trust before having a sales call then they going face a problem which is a trust problem. Okay. Once the people become problem aware next next stage they are going looking for solution. What are they looking for? They are looking for okay how can I build a trust and a relationship with my prospect before a sales call. Then they may going to send a ebook. They may going to do some social media counter marketing or they may going into um they may going to send a email but they going to send in something and before having a sales phone call and to build the trust okay but here is the problem they're going to face okay majority of the people and they don't have the time to go through ebook they don't have much time and to go through every single social media content and the social media content sometimes that every unwork So the prospect will feel confusing when they go to the social media. Then the people they going to looking for okay I have to have a structured approach and to get people go through my educational material and that time they need something called a webinar presentation. Why? Because to run a inerson event is too expensive. Running a webinar is less expensive. It's much easier to get a prospect to come to listen to them. So they become product aware. They know they need to have a webinar. But if they need they know they need to have a webinar. Do they need to have a webinar from me? Well, they need to have a webinar from some other people. They also can get a webinar from other people. But a lot of the people in the marketplace, they just only help them with a webinar presentation. you know they don't help them with webinar signup page they don't help them with webinar funnel they don't help them with the email and SMS uh nurture sequence they don't help them craft the irisible warer so I help them more than just a webinar presentation and by doing that I'm going to differentiate myself from my competitors so let's say in summary and um if you wanted to uh attract the right people into your business you need to understand something called a five stage of customer awareness. Your customer from unaware to become problem aware, solution aware, product aware. Finally, they become most aware of their product and service you are offering. If you know how to take the customer goes to the five stage of customer awareness and you are going to attract the right people into your business and then you are going to uh increase your sale. By the way, if you find what I'm shar with you is valuable, I would highly suggest you subscribe to my channel and also I got upcoming webinar for you. In my upcoming webinar, I'm going to show you how to attract the highly qualified leads into your business and also converting into a paid client. If you are interested about it, just check the check the information below the video to sign up for my free upcoming webinar.

- Your Nerves Can Cure Themselves - Eugene Schwartz: Kind: captions Language: en hey ladies and gentlemen I'm Brun qu and I'm back with another ad from Mr Eugene Schwarz if you don't know who Eugene Schwarz is let me tell you this man this gentleman back in the day he generated over a billion doll in Revenue using the ads that I'm about to show you and the reason why I'm doing these reviews with you is to give you the power the same strategies the tools that Eugene used back in the day to generate that amount that insane amount of money and I believe that the reason why you know back in the day this worked so well was obviously Eugene knew something about the human mind The Human Condition that enabled him to really leverage those know those things that he knew in a way that people could really understand the benefits that they would enjoy once they buy this product and whatever he was selling right even if it's a product product a course a seminar whatever it is there's these patterns patterns of persuasion patterns of selling patterns of influence that you can use today and see for yourself use this and then come back and share the result that you got from from this with others so others can know you know whether either this works or not so let's go straight into the headline remember guys we've been doing this for quite a while but if you're new new if you're new on this show let me ask you one question why do you think the headline is so important or in other words what do you think that is the goal of the headline for instance in this headline you have five words right five simple words your nerves can cure themselves very simple but very powerful would you agree and why is that so powerful first if you suffer from you know severe anxiety your nerves are you know killing your killing yourself like all the time you've been crippled with this condition like it doesn't allow you to enjoy life every time they try to do something that you know you must do you end up not doing it because you get so nervous and it's really blocking you from you know enjoying life and above all else to really use your skills talent to help others right and that's what you know kills you to know this so if you would suffer from this condition would you pay attention to something like that written like that or if someone would catch you on in the streets and say hey let me ask you one question I know that this might sound weird but did you know that your nerves could cure themselves you would be like uh are you a mind reader because man I really struggle with that with that with that issue so the the thing that he does next is to say hey once you learn how to desensitize them this doctor's ingenious new way okay because the reason why this is so powerful is not because of only knowing that hey he's immediately focusing on your most painful problem but number two he's adding this element of surprise to it right to understand that hey this this thing could actually Cur itself tell me more and the subhead land is about to understand how right and the how is to desensitize them whatever this means and then we knew or we know uh we end up knowing that there's a doctor involved so the reason why Eugene wrote hey there's a doctor in here somewhere is because he's playing the expert card right you trust experts hey if this would be like a Nobody Like a Stranger like a guy on YouTube right a Portuguese guy named Brun qu you say hey did you know that your nerves could cure themselves yeah I mean would you believe me probably no unless I was able to immediately demonstrate that it could actually be done but until I I you allowed me to do that until you allowed me to show you you that I could really help you you will probably lose interest fast so if this happens in real life imagine just reading an ad so Eugene needs to capture people's attention and then surprise them to get more attention immediately tell them how this can be done and add hey there's a doctor in here so don't you worry now let's see the opening which is super important let's see the opening the opening says hey if you suffer from a single one of these torturous symptoms of nerves tension or chronic anxiety Then the facts below may be the most important you have ever read in your life now remember while the headline Mission the goal of the headline is to capture people's attention the goal of the opening is not only to keep that attention but rise the level of excitement and curiosity but also start to immediately address their skepticism because hey with a headline like this hey did you knew that your nerves could cure themselves people will say yeah yeah right you know the bigger the promise the bigger the claim the more skeptical people would be not because of you but because they've been fooled before right people in the past have said hey you know push this button and win $1 million just give me $1,000 right now and it will immediately allow you to push the button and win $1 million so are you ready to do this where's why where's my $1,000 thank you so much now push the button bye-bye sucker right so people have these stories right you know it's the reason why the word sale is so misunderstood because these days people say hey sales is about fooling people robbing people you know stealing you know it's hard man because you know people have been fooled before so coming back to the opening it's your job to again keep them curious keep their attention in this in this uh ad but also start to address their skepticism and the way that Eugene did this with this simple word facts so he's not trying to convince you of anything he's just just trying to show you some facts which is super important because facts come from what experience right and another thing that he does super well is to say hey this is not for everybody which also improves and captures people trust in you because who tells that can help everyone right someone who's trying to you know uh he's a con man he's a con artist he's trying to fool people hey I can help everyone you know the whales the Dolphins is going to be good for everyone just give me my $1,000 and you will see right so what Eugene is doing is just saying hey if you suffer from a single one of these torturous symptoms then what I'm about to show you is going to be the most important thing you will ever read in your life okay and the facts baby it's about the facts so let's just take a look now step back and take a look of the way that these ads are written and what I'm about to you know do is just to skim through the the sub headlines so what we see here because this is what would a person with know with little time would do right they would see immediately this okay I'm interested the headline yeah right the opening and then go and every one of these nervous symptoms can be controlled and then diminished and then eliminate it often by as little as this one single insight into their hidden cause now let's review this simple sub headline because there's several things that are working together to make you super curious and super you know super excited just to know more and one of those things is the the three part where he's telling you new information new insights new understanding a new understanding about this you know problem this painful problem that you have and he's saying that while playing with your believability he's saying that hey these nervous symptoms that you have can be controlled now if you've been struggling with this situation this problem for 5 years 10 years have you tried to control the symptoms before yes and probably you failed that's why you if you have the symptoms you would still be reading this right so the first you know challenge the first goal that Eugene is trying to accomplish and Achieve with this sub headline is to make you believe that this is possible because I don't care about how great your product is how great your company is your services is doesn't matter because if people don't believe that it's possible you're done you're done it's done game over insert coin right time to play a new game because what Eugene did until this moment now is to hey I'm looking for someone with a very very very painful problem I want to you know show them the destination which is super awesome super cool it's really the you know the their deepest desires to be in that situation in this case to feel no nervousness no anxiety at all right now this moment now the second sub headline that we are looking here is the moment where Eugene is trying to make you believe that it's possible to go from where you are in pain to where you want to be which is feeling great okay and that can be done by you know slowly and progressively make you say yes yes this can be done and it's the first thing that he's doing here hey and every one of these nervous symptoms can be controlled and then diminished because if you believe that finally if you finally believe that you can control this situation then now that it's in control hey it's easier for you to believe that it can be diminished right because if I if Eugene went straight to hey and did you know that we can diminish these problems and notice the word diminish he's not he's not saying reducing he's not saying eliminating is he in fact he is on the third part right remember on previous ads you saw headlines like hey and did you know that you could lose up to 20 40 60 even 80 lounds and not gain 1 out of it back it's the same thing it will be hard for you to believe that you could lose lose 80 lb especially if you try to lose them in the past and like you didn't even lost one pound or 5 lb or you lost 5 pounds and you end up you know gaining 10 it's hard so if you if he even if it's true this is the point even if it's true and he had a product that made you lose like 100 pounds and he say hey this product can help you or will help you lose 100 lb even if it's true you would not believe believe it right because why you try to lose five and you gain 10 that's why it's so important to go step by step on their beliefs because their mind have this like defense mechanisms because they they experienced pain before they tried it they gave it all they did what they feel like it was whatever it takes yeah man let's do this and then you know they lost five gain 10 it's pain it's it's hard so instead of saying hey you can lose 100 go slow step by step it's just like on this case right here your nervous symptoms can be controlled then the managed and then eliminated Often by as little as this one single insight into their hidden cause and now the the thing the thing that I love about this hidden cause is that it enables you to save face like if you try to you know figure out the situation and you didn't you might feel dumb like am I the only one who's trying to solve this issue and I've been trying this for years man and I considered to be like a smart guy or smart person but I can't figure it out and then he's saying hey you can do all this control diminish eliminate with this one insight about the hidden cause so that's right that's why I was not able to solve this yet it's because the cause was hidden and that Insight is this and he proceeds to deliver the Insight which makes this ad very powerful again because the way that he's selling you on this product is not by just simply saying hey and once you buy this you will enjoy this this and that benefit and it's going to be amazing no he is educating you even if you don't buy this product even if you don't do anything he's educating you he's saying hey the symptoms are caused by this thing that you can control diminish and eliminate by understanding this one insight and the Insight is this if you suffer from any of the nervous symptoms listed above then you must understand at once that your nerves are not ill they have not deteriorated they have not lost their true physical health in any way what has happened to them instead is that they have simply become over sensitized rubbed raw by too much outside irritation and now and are now ready to discharge the emotional and physical symptoms of panic at even the slightest thing that goes wrong that you know that's it they are over sensitized so what you're doing here is to give them a way out give them a reason oh that's why I feel that way interest thing right because it it gives you something to attack okay this is the reason why okay now it's something that I can see it was hidden before me before this now it's revealed so the depression indecision loss of confidence and all the other emotional symptoms you feel are all caused by oversensitized nerves there you go and then he just keeps them pounding it over sensitized nerves and therefore the way to treat all those symptoms is not with drugs not with shock not with medical formulations or ulations at all the way to treat these nerves is to change the poisonous thoughts that are rubbing them raw again amazing paragraph reason why it's amazing is well first on the paragraph before he just pound this idea like three times about this over sensitiveness of your nerves he's providing you a way out hey this is why this is why all the symptoms okay are happening the symptoms have a cause the cause is over sensitized nerves and because now you know that that it's the reason what he's doing right now is to break destroy all the other myths that the competition you know in this case other doctors Physicians whatever might have tried to do with you and that led you to try something to pay and then end up in the same situation or Worse right worse because you feel frustrated you feel fooled you feel dumb you know and everybody around you would say hey and do you believe those guys and you believe that doctor he doesn't know what he's doing man come on man get your life straight and now imagine you now that you gone through all those experiences painfully experience not only you're struggling with your nerves but you're struggling with you know trying Solutions and having them not work and now you're reading an advertising on a piece of Journal written by someone you don't know it's just a mysterious stranger right now just mysterious because it feels like he can read your mind he knows about you he knows about your struggles he knows the cause of your struggles he knows what you tried and didn't work and now he's providing you with some solid fact based reasons for those past attempts that you've done to solve that issue to not work and why is that so important because people when they take action when they make a decision they need to feel certain about the decision right or else they would not do it but also they are surrounded with others other people that they respect and love and they would probably need to explain some of these decisions to them because hey people want to feel great people want to feel admired don't you so when you make a great decision when you you know make a great deal would you you know wouldn't you you know be telling your friends say hey man I you know I bought this phone it was super cheap it was super amazing or I bought this product and I lost 100b immediately or I bought this you know I invested in this training I went into this seminar and suddenly I don't feel nervous at all or even better they would ask you hey man what's you know what's different about you man like what have you done you look like a different person and then you will say hey very nice that you notice because this breakthrough happened this weekend or this month or whatever so he's saying hey treat off these symptoms it will not work with drugs shock or medical formulations or hospitalizations and then he goes straight to the root cause the poisonous thoughts and this is done he follows okay let's go straight to the how Okay interesting yeah it makes sense but how exactly is this done so I don't care what you're selling it's important to share the how because people are intrigued oh my God yeah man that makes super you know super sense but how and if you can tell how or better yet show you have a shot at making them you know do something about it so he says and this is done as proven by this internationally famed physician on thousands of patients okay stop right there proven key word there internationally famed so he's International he's not local national no he's International he's famous he's a physician expert on thousands of patients social proof in four simple steps so now you know that getting rid of this huge problem that you have it doesn't have to be complicated in fact it can be very simple and there's just four steps to it and you can be rest assured that the person who developed this you know this four steps this four step program is a internationally famed physician and thousands of patients already got this issue solved and then these four steps and then he goes into some detail about what exactly is involved in those four steps and he's actually future pacing you on how it would feel like like when you complete each of the steps the first one stops nervous systems both physical and emotional from multiplying from that moment on the Second Step serves to tranquilize and quiet down those over sensitized nerves far more powerfully and permanently that any drug a f pharmacist could ever give you now if you struggle with this condition all of these words would feel like you know a miracle right and that's exactly what you need to replicate on your own copyrighting on your own sales in fact case history after case history proves that cure maybe so dramatically quick that your friends and family will beg you to tell them your secret so see even before we read this I was already telling you the importance of friends and family people that they trust and admire people that you know they want to feel loved by they want these people to support them on this new challenge solving this new challenge and investing in this into this new program so knowing that for a fact that people who already tried this had their friends and family back for them to share their secret it's you know amazing it's awesome so let's let's go straight into okay so here's some example examples here's what you will get okay this is the portion where you say hey here's what you get and then no wonder this great self-help volume is already bestseller in nine foreign Nations so it building trust as well as United States and it's yours read from cover to cover entirely at our risk the choice is yours this is a book for people who mean business it costs you nothing nothing we take all the risk fair enough so why not send in the coupon today and then the coupon is all about hey please rush me a copy of Hope and help for your nerves I enclose a payment in addition I understand I may examine this book for a full 30 days entirely at your risk so it's the the deal is about you know risk reversal it's going to be all on me I'm not satisfied I will simply return the book for every cent of my money back H zooming out zooming zooming out what other say so this is a part about you know testimonials giving more social proof you know one of the ways that you can make people believe that they can do it is to show examples of others who already done it what the publisher itself says okay he sold over to 250,000 copies he's been endorsed by medical and meal health so again building trust in any way you can about the author same thing and then a couple looking very relaxed just enjoying themselves so guys what have we learned here today is that first of all the headline is super important catch their attention immediately focus on their most painful problem use an element of surprise in this case the surprise was that The Cure of this issue the Cure of the painful problem is that the problem would solve itself interesting how they immediately you know uh write about this on the sub headline um and then on the opening what we covered on the opening was the fact that this has this process has some facts it's proven okay he immediately uh targets the Right audience the people that they can help that he can help the most okay and makes a big claim hey this you'll ever read in your life then we moved on to you know building no not building but winning their trust you know uh making the belief that this can be possible for them by using that three-step process hey first make them believe that this can be controlled then diminished and then eliminated and give them a reason why this didn't work before is because there's there was a hidden case then provide the Insight that gives them this new information you're educating them you're already adding value into their lives just by you know writing this ad the ad by itself is valuable and then give them you know the reason why the symptoms are happening then provide the root cause go all the way to say why all these other things that they tried didn't work because they are skeptical and the bigger the the claim the bigger the promise that you're doing the more they will need your help to believe it because they want to believe it folks people who have this painful problem who are desperately desperately looking for a way out they want to believe in you they really do so it's your job to help them say yes and it really helps them say yes to have social proof they have these experts backing up their claims with facts and making a deal where there's no way that person will lose so make it impossible for them not to win so when it's possible for them not to lose sorry not to lose they will buy they will they will say hey this is a no-brainer I cannot it's impossible for me to lose money this guy already helped me by helping me understand what's hurting me what's making me you know fail in every attempt that I've made to really solve this issue so man let's do this so guys I hope that you enjoyed this uh analysis that we've done as you see there much there's much more that we can analyze I would really appreciate if you guys could write on the comments below what did you love the most about this what were the things that you wish I would cover but didn't so tell me hey I would really love if you could explain this this and that or how I could do this something you know just share it and I will you know do my best to really address it on the next videos and maybe share this with someone share this video right now with someone that you know that could really benefit from understanding this because as you know my ultimate goal is for you to use this strategies on your own life and your own business so I want you to use these strategies when you're writing uh a CV a resume uh a cover letter when you're peaching your boss when you're peaching some new clients whatever you're doing when you're trying to sell an idea product or service when you're trying to convince and make someone do something for their best interest of course you're going to be haical about it then I hope that the strategies can really help you okay my name is Brun quu I love that you guys are here stick around subscribe for more and I'll see you on the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @chris_sndw [1 likes]: Wow, thank man for doing these videos! I learned a lot. There are so many con-artists on youtube who sell catch it all solution. I will have to rewrite the copy on my landing page now not to come off as one of them.
  2. @JesusChristisKING7778 [1 likes]: Awsome. I literally just sent my first ever marketing through a direct mailing for my personal training business! 🤞
  3. @andrewdjones27: How can I find this ad?

- How to Learn Without Studying - Eugene Schwartz Advertising: Kind: captions Language: en hey guys Brun qu here back with another direct marketing review for you this time this is a Eugene Schwarz ad um Eugene back in the day generated over a billion dollars in Revenue based on the ads that we are uh reviewing together and the reason why I'm doing this to you and giving you away the persuasion strategy sales strategies that Eugene used back in the day is so you can test for yourself today uh if in your own advertising if this works for you or not then all I'm saying is hey come back here and share in the comments your results so others can know if this works today 2016 or not there you go so starting with the headline what is the purpose of the headline to catch people's attention you know everything is calling for our attention right your our cell phones the TV you know everybody right your family your friends are you know calling you out and asking you to you know to watch some movie right and now you're hear uh watching me watching this this the mysterious guy on YouTube or whatever telling you about this ad here so I need to get your attention and hopefully I'm getting your attention by saying that I'm going to give you some strategies sales strategies persuasion strategies advertising strategies that back in the day generated over a billion dollars in Revenue so let's start with the headline all right so getting people's attention and this handline the structure that is used here is brutal so it starts with the how to the structure is how to whatever the goal is here is to learn pretty generic I believe that the most the the more specific you can get the more powerful your headline would be because it will speak more powerfully to the audience to the people who are reading and they were saying oh this is exactly what I'm uh what I want to do because learning learning is pretty generic right because maybe I want to learn how to B press maybe I want to learn how to lose weight maybe I want to learn how to sell more I want to learn several things right so what exactly is is here the case this learning thing here what exactly is meant by learning I don't know uh but the structure is still on point how to and then whatever the goal is and then following with without and then whatever is written after without is exactly what your audience wants to avoid so remember they want to achieve the goal right they want to achieve that goal but they want to avoid doing what some hard work you know or uh feeling like uh they're being scammed or feeling like imagine how to lose 10 20 or 30 pounds without having to go to the gym every day or without starving to death okay so you want to make you you want to make a big claim here you want to promise that by the end of this article video whatever is the the the medium that you're using you want to promise them hey I'm going to show you how to do this without having to do that okay even more powerfully more powerful it would be if uh he added the two words two more words after this which is uh which are even if so remember they are you know right now after reading this they were going okay they're going like yeah man whatever Right This sounds too good to be true to like Superman stuff right so then you want to say hey and this will work even if you don't believe this or even if you you think that you tried it all even if you've quit going to the gym the last three four five times and they were going and they will relate to that right if it's true and if you're really speaking speaking their language and if you really know the audience that you want to help with your product with your services what you're writing here on the on the headline will speak directly to them they will feel like you're some kind of mind reader because it will feel like you know them because you know their goal here they want to learn you know that they don't want to study and then if if you added even if you tried it all or you tried this and that and didn't work and you will say hey even if you you did this it will still work they were going okay let's see what else this guy has so let's check the sub headline what's the secret a new electronic method of passive learning enables you to absorb any skill or subject you care to far faster with your eyes closed if you wish then with them open so while the purpose of the headline is to capture people's attention the sub headline the goal of the sub headline is to drive people's curiosity over the roof while addressing some of their skepticism so how Eugene is doing this is saying hey what's the secret question like because this is a question that maybe people the people that are reading this are playing in their in their mind they're asking themselves hey what's the secret here because there must be a secret otherwise I would already knew how to to do this right so questions are powerful if you know what are the questions that your audience is playing is asking them are asking themselves and you ask that same exact question again it it will trigger that kind of mindreader effect that they will feel like you know them um they will feel like you are a pro because only Pros know exactly the pains and the hidden concerns and doubt that um people have in this space in this particular uh area uh you know people who are trying to achieve this goal um and remember they know about their past uh you know painful experiences trying other products that didn't work that's why Eugene says that this is a new keyword there new electronic method okay because this gives your audience I mean the reader gives them a reason an explanation that they can then use to persuade others about why did they make this purchase because they will be they will be asked like oh why did you believe that why did you try that because it was obvious that that's impossible how can you learn without studying how can you learn how can you lose 10 20 30 pounds without going to the gym every day man how did you believe that that's impossible so that's why Eugene comes and says hey this is a new electronic Method Man this is new that's why whatever you tried before didn't work that's the hidden uh you know subliminal message that Eugene is selling to you so you can buy this idea again man of course this of course I was you know destined to not achieve this goal that that's because this method uh you know was not available to me at the time okay this is a new thing and another key word here in all caps passive learning so something that you may be hearing a lot especially in the inter in the so-called internet marketing space everybody talks about passive income streams right so you can create this automated automate automatic systems right that drive Revenue into your bank account where you don't do anything like you create some digital products that people are desperately looking for and then you set those um those systems up right and people are just going to buy it and you will be you know relaxed enjoying the money and all that comes with it right it's going to be passive man you don't you don't need to do a thing and here comes the part where Eugene is selling you the benefit uh of of no sorry it's not selling the benefit it's telling you what exactly this will enable you to do once you know how to do this here is saying hey it's going to enable you to absorb any skill or subject you care to so whatever you're trying to learn which is here the goal this new system passive Learning System will enable you to and then trigging more the Curiosity far faster with your eyes closed with then open so people people are right now asking how exactly I'm going to learn something with my eyes closed right so that's when remember the people right now are highly skeptical about this stuff you know the bigger the claims the higher their skepticism level will be so right now it' be a great time for Eugene to start addressing their skepticism let's see if that's what Eugene is doing here in the opening of the ad its name is the Ali automated learning automated Learning System it has already been proven keyword there proven on thousands of men and women so it's not you know a couple of men and women it's not couple of people no it's on thousands of men and women already purchased it by dozens of schools and colleges um Authority triggers there so he's driving Authority he's driving proof with his numbers which not really a number but it's like kind of more like a quantity it's proven hey it's already proven thousands of men it's already purchased by dozens of schools and colleges so this obviously is something that works and if you know if schools and colleges are investing in this why wouldn't you right and again selling you on what exactly what you will be able to do it can give you overnight mastery okay right now I'm kind of like oh my God nobody becomes a master overnight right but nonetheless doesn't stop Eugene from writing like hey it's going to be an overnight thing Mastery of file cabinet memory hypnotic control over others still shutter con still shutter concentration dazzling new power to make money any foreign language you wish and blah blah blah blah blah so so I'm not saying you should make these big claims but if your product if your service really really really delivers this you should definitely do it right but bear in mind that this is an old ad man this is an old it's back in the 90s 7s and 80s so if people were already writing this this kind of big claims it's going to be an overnight Mastery is going to you going to have hypnotic control over others cabinet memory all that stuff imagine right now like 2016 people like re they start reading this and they go okay man forget this right uh but because they've been exposed to all kinds of scams and products that didn't work and you know they they don't just they just don't believe what they read and see anymore that's why a very a very um effective effective way to actually sell people on Believing on something is not asking to for them to believe in something is really to show them to allowing them to actually use whatever you're selling um for themselves and see if it works for them for their specific case uh because you know the the harder you ask them to believe the more skeptical they will be right because if it really works why are you so desperate for me to believe man I'm just one person why don't you just go next store and try to sell that stuff to to my neighbor why do you really need me to believe that this is true unless you allowing me to actually use this right now so that's why Eugene um is act actually Eugene kind of like follows that strategy by the end of the ad let's see let let's go back here so here is the point is the part where he he tries to prove that this works and you know um and gives more big claims throws away more big claims all yours not by studying but by listening not by stopping everything else and pl your way torturously uh not even know if I spelled that right through a book but simply by letting your ears be your teacher while you dress in the morning or while or while you drive to and from work or while you wait blah blah blah blah blah like this and then uh another headline turns a tape recorder into a private tutor teaches you conscious facts at the same time that it trains your subconscious mind so it's kind of like a double double benefit there um one good thing that I see here is that Eugene is you know talking about experiences like m m mundane experiences that what it what they are called like things that you can actually be doing while you're reading this ad or while you're watching a video and that you can relate to right oh you can what what this is called is future pacing you can see yourself actually start using this product or service while you're doing your day-to-day activities and that's very important because because while you when you start to make sense of actually you know include this new product or service into your life that's the moment where you open the door to the possibility of actually using this uh and then okay on this part is the part where Eugene turns um the ad into okay I'm going to tell you exactly how you're going to be able to do this and basically it's a tape recorder like something that you're using right right now I mean back in the day right um that will enable you to do this and this is the system is incredibly simple it works on any type recorder you wish um the one describe below blah blah blah which you may try entirely at our risk there you go the the thing that I I was talking to you uh earlier about allowing people to actually try this before they invest anything on this and you know it it's what Frank current calls the risk reversal um risk reversal strategy is when you take away all the risk uh to yourself and you left zero risk on their side so what basically you're doing is you're taking away every possible excuse explanation that they could have about not doing this not you know following through with whatever you're selling not buying not you know saying yes to you basically right uh and then this is the point where Eugene explains the system and notice how the language that he uses the phrases the words are so simple and the the point here is if if the system is complicated if it sounds to if it sounds like something that I don't want to do or or something that I don't believe that I can do it for myself then I'm not going to do and this is something like you know when when people are selling you something and then when you say no people say oh maybe it was my pitch maybe my headline is wrong maybe the price is too high blah blah blah uh but what maybe is happening is you're not believing that you can actually use this like if you look at this and you cannot picture yourself doing this or actually using this or if you don't believe that it can work for you you won't do it right so remember there are at least five yeses that you need to you know to commit to to say yes to in order for a sale to happen first you need to believe that you cannot stay where you are anymore so if you believe if you if you believe that you really need to learn because otherwise you won't pass the test otherwise you not you're not going to that University that you want otherwise you're not going to get something in other words if you don't do this you're going to be in pain or maybe you're already in pain and you already said yes to you I'm sick and tired of being in pain so that's the first yes the second yes is on the destination hey man I really need to go to a place where I'm able to do this I'm able to do that you see so that's the goal you need to commit to yes that's exactly what I want right and then you need to say yes to the plan here's how we can get there here's how we can go from Pain to pleasure boom and then that's the plan that's what Eugene is selling you right now on this uh passive Learning System but then you need to say yes to yeah I believe that I can follow this P this plan I believe that I can follow the steps so your job as a salesperson as a marketeer as the guy who's writing the ad or you know or shooting the video with a sales letter or something you need to really show them how simple it is you know think Apple think Steve Jobs when when when Steve was demoing he when he was demonstrating the products that he was selling the iPhone the iPod the Mac everything that he does or he did was to show you how simple and how effort less it would it is to use his product and that's exactly what Eugene is doing here um and perhaps most important of all if there is a particular subject you wish to memorize perfectly almost word for word then you do it from this moment on electronically by using the automatic memorizing we send you and letting it take that information to be memorized and playing over it over and over again every 8 minutes automatically till you can practically recite it in your sleep and then this next section ladies and gentlemen this eight points are really about your ability to absorb information doubles overnight and here is the vast new world of knowledge that you can pour into your mind tomorrow entirely at our risk again bringing the risk onto them on onto the the the salesperson the company who selling the system which is a very good way to again addess their skepticism and say Hey you have nothing to lose I know that this sounds hard to believe um but again there's this big claim and then just try it um remember we started by saying hey how to learn without studying man this is pretty generic now we're going to get specific you can learn this self hypnotism flew in Spanish or French in 24 hours double your power to learn the develop a tape recording memory instant word power and and notice how yene for the first time is throwing you some prices so this loan right cost $798 798 798 798 798 and on and on and on okay plus all these instant Mastery college level automatic learning courses again say 7 like8 blah blah blah blah blah blah so there's some bonuses here this is this is um a standalone chapter we will get to there next and then let's go to the point where Eugene starts closing you on actually using this try any number of them at our risk but real proof is in listening and the startling effect that sheer simple Act of listening has on your your mind your skills and your income and your career again very smart he's not asking you to believe all these big claims that he's been throwing at you is only saying that the basic structure here here is getting your attention by focusing on what you want to do focusing on what you don't want to do saying that there's something new that will enable you to do this amazing feat of Mastery throwing again the timeline to that uh to that uh whole bunch of things that you'll be able to do in this case it's going to be overnight right you're going to sleep and then on the next day boom um then explains he's saying hey you're going to you you have this goal and this is what I have this is what this magic thing that I'm selling you will be enable you to do and then he's telling you exactly how you will use this and then he's showing in here's what I get for you here's what I have for you blah blah blah Spanish instant word power all that good stuff and then he's saying hey time to close if you want if you want this here's what you should do next addressing your skepticism saying that this is at our risk you can prove this yourself in a single evening and you can prove it entirely at our risk you can try any number of these courses at a risk you can try the automatic memorizer at a risk you can try the complete automatic learning program tape recorder automatic memorize and any number of courses you wish entirely at a risk you see how many times Eugene says at our risk and the word and the two keywords there guys challenge for you right now if you're watching this right now let me know or tell me what are the two keywords here on this last chapter where Eugene is closing you on actually using this the two keywords what are they I'm going to zoom in I'm going to zoom in zoom in zooming in yep you can notice how many times Eugene is saying or writing you can remember this is writing so when when the reader is reading this he's saying to himself yeah you can you can yeah man you you can do this remember he needs to picture himself or herself herself using this and maybe they are having some doubts maybe they're saying hey maybe I can't maybe I can't do this maybe this will this can't work that like that like that or blah blah blah right so no notice here you can prove this yourself in a number of these courses you can try the complete athematic learning program entirely at a risk there you go so it was uh how many times uh 1 2 3 four right four four times so the coupon below brings them to you at our risk again how many times he's saying this like one two 3 four five five six right on the headline so five times man you may be wondering hey is this too many times but man to really drill down uh um an idea on someone maybe you know one of the ways is just repeating it over and over you can you can you can it's on our risk and then the the coupon that you would be sending back in in the day and notice how this is spelled or this is written in the first person and people reading this will you know as they are reading this they will feel like hey this is something that I'm saying this something that I believe in I want to try your automatic learning program plus the course of my choice for two full weeks without risk or obligation if I'm not completely satisfied in every way I may return the complete program for a prompt and full refund no questions asked it is also my understanding that I may order any course I wish now or at any time in the future and pay only $7.98 for each course there you go I enclose payment of $79.98 in full uh let me go back here and show you the entire ad right on this entire ad this entire text that you're seeing here this is the only place where actually it's been said what exactly you would need to pay $79.98 so notice that by this time you've been reading you've been going through all of this right he's saying that it's on our risk but they will pay right now $79.98 they will pay and if they believe that they're not completely satisfied in any way they will return and they will get a refund but first they will pay um which is interesting an interesting um business model right there so let's go to this Standalone box right here on the right remember Eugene the the ads are you know designed in a way that if you not reading this you know small letters here you can't just go through the headline the sub headlines on and read the Bold stuff and you could and you will get a pretty accurate description or idea of of how exactly this will work and why you want it uh and again very smart way to drive curiosity through the roof you know um this is a picture of an ear and then below says this is the most powerful education system your body contains how would you believe that man how would you you know think about that your ears in this world way it is a far better way to learn than with your eyes why for all these reasons because to learn anything with your eyes have to stop doing everything else concentrate on sle object blah blah blah because learn with your eyes you first have to master the quite difficult art of reading it's a two-step process you must first Cipher the words on the page and then you must get the meaning out of those words no one on the other hand ever had to teach you how to hear children learn it automatically it is a one step process it is a direct learning through it you learn instantly automatically overwhelming overwhelmingly and it's the only learning chall in your body that you can't shut off your eyes closed your ears do not if you are tired if you do if you sleep then you canot learn by ey the year goes right on feeding your information you information perhaps most powerful while you sleep why not prove this to yourself entirely at a risk day so guys again these are the reasons that Eugene is giving you not only to believe for you to believe in him but also for you to use to justify why the hell are you carrying this around at work at home and why have you paid $79.98 for a couple of cassettes at the time and why are you slipping with these headphones on you know this just sounds crazy right so so that's why you need to have these reasons to tell your wife to tell your husband to tell your kids why are you looking like a madman and then you will say hey because I'm doing what others don't know I'm using a new electronic method of passive learning and I'm doing this at entirely at this guy's risk because I even though though I paid I can you know return this and get my money back so it's all good and by the way since this works overnight if this doesn't work by tomorrow I can just ship this off so guys what I'm what I wish that you can do and test for yourself is this big headline big claim focus on the goals that your audience wants to achieve and that your products allow them to achieve faster uh with simpler with a with a simpler approach without having them to do something you know helping them avoid a very painful thing that they they want they don't want to do focus on on addressing their skepticism bring back the risk to your side tell them exactly what they will be able to do show them how your system product or service Works show them what you have tell them the price give them some bonus share them some reasons why this will work or what's the magic behind this or what's the reasoning behind this right like your here's most powerful education system and then tell them hey man you can you can do this and then the call to action pay me and I will send you this so guys this is it this is the how to learn without studying ad review from Eugene Schwarz wish that you guys can pick up this information and use it today then go back and share your results with me I'm Brun Quay and I will see you on the next video bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @JesusChristisKING7778 [2 likes]: Bruno! Thanks for these videos these are great.

Do U write any copy yourself??
  2. @2570611 [1 likes]: Thank you! It's very useful!
  3. @igohantetokumpo9270: você é brasileiro?

- Boost Sales: Master the Levels of Awareness (Level 2 of 5): Kind: captions Language: en when you're meeting somebody in DMS or at an event or via email or on Zoom or whatever and you're talking to them and you realize that they're just in a lot of pain and they you know oh what have you what have you done to solve this I don't know you know I get you know I've you don't you haven't done it yet you're not articulating anything that's proposed solution so you know that their problem aware and so now you know exactly to focus on their pain and their problem and let them just communicate about that and then the transition question would be uh this is really important Sean and I we ended up full transparency we haven't planned this but over the last few years we end up going through this whole thing ourselves with our own offer at least one or two times a year and so we wanted to do that same thing with you guys today and these five levels are even if you know all these are really healthy really good to to comb back through your offer your business and think through the customer journey and what their curent ly aware of more importantly how to talk to them so today we're going to talk about level two which is problem aware creating emotional tension without revealing anything you know why because they don't care about us at this point they don't want to know anything about us at this point so think about all the time and energy you spent but we're this we're that we're so cool D and meanwhile all of that energy is being completely th like going through the house out the back door into the trash never to be heard or thought of again well today we can solve all that all right so let's let's get into it uh just recapping a this is the outcome we're going to be talking about how to communicate with people that are at this level we will start with recapping on level number one to keep uh reinforcing this journey and this path because you should be able to talk to somebody in a few couple sentences or review their profile understand where they're at the buying process and then you'll immediately know how to proceed communicating with them then we'll get into level two then we're going to go over secret leads do you guys know what secret leads are like that type of copy writing headlines then today is a good day um because we have some actual examples that you guys can take screenshots of of course you know that's towards the end all right update or recap rather on level one unaware prospects this is these are the five levels this is where we're going together over the next five weeks we did level one last week it's unaware then it's problem aware then it's solution aware product aware and most aware unaware your prospect has no knowledge of anything except perhaps his or her own Identity or opinion you know what they like the things that they think about and they like they like what they like and that's it you're like yep that's where we're starting you know news or headline or you know values this is the bucket of hey you like football I like football you know you like music I like music it's like that type of it's that type of talk and if you think about how when you're meeting somebody uh that's that's generally kind of how it starts You Know You're Building some common ground all right so simple way to look at it how do you talk about that but in like copywriting sales marketing language Well story leads are a great way to do that a headline and an example of a story lead might be something like this they laughed when I sat down at the piano but when I started to play it's a story we're captivated by stories and so oh I play piano what what like what happened when they play it I play all the time it's that Common Ground type of headline that's how we go from o this is where the at how do we communicate with them because that Gap is actually the skill of marketing and sales another example that was covered is Proclamation lead big bold promise punch you in the face read this or die wow that's a proclamation that's intense why would I die I love the subtext below this copy though today you have a 95% chance of eventually dying it's like that's a little sad uh from a disease or a condition from which there is already a known here okay shoot so they're evoking fear you know there's a 95% chance that you're going to perish but there is a cure there's hope you know that's kind of the hook Proclamation lead okay if someone's unaware you can shock them you know or you can entertain them and grab their attention with story today we get to focus on problem and go a little bit deeper on Pro uh level two problem aware what does this mean well according to Michael your prospect senses he or she has a problem but doesn't know there's a solution has anyone been stuck in this maybe it's in your business maybe it's in your personal life a small small example of this story if you will I was dude I just had this pain in my heel my left heel and I I tried like all these different things I was like is this my life now like I can't run it's hard to walk like I'm I'm active and uh some of you know some of the story like I got to compete on the TV show American Ninja Warrior and like doing some of these things are like That's My Fun Zone you know like what I like like to do and now my body doesn't work the way that I need it to freaking work and I have a problem and I don't have a solution so like do I adjust do I accept this like what do I do with this that is the exact place that your prospect is when they're problem aware but not solution aware they're they could be depressed they could be doubtful they they feel stuck because they don't even know what's possible that's this place okay so how do you know who are they how do we talk to them well let's look at yeah they're very worried they're very consumed thank you Kermit uh no hope just worried and they know they know something is not right but they don't know what to do about it so that's what we got to cover so how do we go from that place to communicating with them and cover that Gap with with copy well sympathy is a great approach okay now hear me close this is really hard for some of us that have seen the light we've all been there right oh I know how to fix that I know how to fix it okay good this is what you do step what they're in level two they're not in level four they're not in level three that's too much that's like you're gonna scare them away at this stage it's like oh my gosh take take a deep breath who are you my name's Chris oh nice to meet like we're we're not there yet it's too too much too fast but what they do care about and what they are thinking about it if we go back to my heel example it's like oh my gosh your heel hurts what how did it happen that must be horrible and like it seemed like you you know you played Sports you're really active prior like how how's that making you feel well I feel D it's sympathy it's that type of conversation that type of copy that type of Storytelling that is going to meet them where they're at because that's what they're thinking and feeling so we can meet them where they're at and then and they'll respond to that you know your click-through rate's going to go up your Raz is going to go up all right it's not only a problem but you know the frustration desperation and anger it causes sometimes you can reciprocate sometimes you don't have to you just need to give them space to feel the thing that they're feeling um you can use the phrase I can sympath sympathize with you my so- and so just went through that I just went through something that was like kind of like this seems similar no product or benefits at first we're not there yet right just that emotional tension that they're in but we're not we don't need to reveal anything okay we're building trust this is what it looks like in this map now there's something specific about this picture right here I want you guys to look closely at we're at the problem aware stage Proclamation leads are great story leads I feel like could freaking be in every category um but secret leads we're going to get into in a second and Proclamation leads kind of fit in that problem aware but look on the left and the right hand side you'll see Direct and you'll see indirect direct and indirect and on the Spectrum that's simply referring to indirect is I'm not talking about me direct is here's who I am I'm talking about me simple way of putting it right notice just again I've already said this I'm highlighting it we're still not talking about us at this stage very important indirect all right so Proclamation lead we covered this example a little bit earlier you know four rules to this uh make the proclamation bold it needs to be bold it's got to be shocking you know not quite clickbait just bold unreasonable is okay you know you're again grabbing attention you're making a promise um so you're putting something out there something on the line an example of that could be how was a good interview I listened to recently you know I just bought a 40 million multifamily dollar uh or you know 40 million multif family complex whatever they're called for no money down here's how you know it's like whoa that's a cool I can show you how to do it in less than you know 10 minutes wow big promise okay um the subject must be relevant so if it's like not connected you know uh what comes to mind on this is good comedy great comedy is mostly true if it's completely disconnected it's kind of like well that was just like really random you know but when when it's like exaggerated or you know dramaticized and it's still kind of true you're like oh that's so true it's connected right so it's relevant uh which is cool okay fourth rule is return to the proclamation lead at the close so big promise big thing make your point and then make sure you tell them what you told them right at the end the reminder let's get into secret leads thanks Dwight um we're gonna do three uh three rules on this one the secret is intriguing and beneficial there's got to be like why am I paying attention to this Hey Chris your heel hurts and it turns out that you don't have to live the rest of your life like that really it's intriguing um it's beneficial if I didn't have to live my life like this that would be a great benefit and thank you Justus he's not here I don't know if you'll ever see this but thank you Justin for explaining to me the anatomy of my my leg and my foot and my heel and what was tight and needed to be stretched and I tried all these things and nothing worked and he showed me the one way and I can like Run and Jump you know this a couple years ago a year ago and and I'm back and got to do I had leg day this morning let's go all right second rule it introduced uh it's introduced in the headline so this isn't secret doesn't mean I'm not going to tell you secret just means I'm telling you that there is a secret you see the difference it's just important to know so we want let them know where we're leading right it's good communication good leadership hey this is tell them what you're going to tell them you know explain it in the body and then tell them what you told them like that I'm I there's a way to say it better but you guys know what I'm saying um number three it is not disclosed until well past initial connection there is that Intrigue lingers in other words right um another way of saying this is focus on the what not the how focus on the what not the how the secret is about what you're talking about not how you do it you know you end up selling selling the how Okay so those are the three rules and pro tip use the rule of three actually had to delete the fourth rule because I was like this is too ironic like if we're going to say Pro tip use the you know here's the three secrets to accomplishing this rule of three that would be the rule of three being applied all right you guys want to see some headlines check this out what do Secret Lead headlines look like always comes back to copy discover the untapped power of hidden gold leads unlock your business's profits potential so what do we want to focus on here hidden gold those are the adjectives that feels secretive right hidden go oh I haven't seen this because it's hidden untapped power wait there's just potential there's opportunity right in front of me that I haven't been accessing I can discover the untapped power of hid there's a lot of adjective just in that first part right there so those are words that I would pay attention to use and integrate into the copy and the headlines that this copy goes in headlines yes but it goes in the words you use in your videos it goes in in the shorts in the description it like should be everywhere anyway next one ignite and I'll I'll like wait for a minute there's five of them so you guys know and you can take a screenshot at the end ignite your sales funnel with the Forbidden secrets of irresistible leads all right what are the key words here I mean ignite is kind of like hypy and cool but like the secretive ones are forbidden you can't have it it's the right so that's the one that's drawing you and irresistible is always a great word you know I like the word no-brainer or the phrase no-brainer here's the no-brainer deal the irresistible this you know um that one's fun next one revolution ize your marketing strategy unveiling the uh clandes clandestine formula I don't know maybe I should know how to say that for uh captivating leads so unveiling it was hidden it was secretive and now it's being you know revealed unveiled uh that one's important those are the words there um you know captivating Revolution you know those are more hypy like marketing words that can be effective in the right context number four double your conver version rates overnight unleash the covert code of Mag uh magnetic leads alliteration is a great thing isn't it some people are just like natural poets uh covert code that's a really I thought that was pretty cool covert so you know again there's some Intrigue in the headlines double your conversion rates man you throw results at people you know M God bless the make money industry you know it just will always work well is annoyed and tired of those freaking ads even if we're the ones making the ads it's it still goes on because grabs attention it works all right number five this is the screenshot moment commence screenshot operation now uh reveal the underground blueprint for dominating your Market Master the art of compelling leads reveal would be the key word underground blueprint blueprint is like cool it implies system it implies the process it implies I'm Authority I have the answer I know the direction I know step by step what it's included to win and get there blueprint underground is you know secretive uh who uh Nick was it you referencing Fight Club earlier in the chat rule number one of Fight Club you know don't talk about fight rule number one of flow Club that's great maybe that needs to be our community it's flow CL I don't know all right underground though it's underground we're going to reveal stuff those are the key words so I'm sure you guys can pick these out pretty quick on your own already but if not we went through all these and you got to see them want to close the gap between when people are in level two we can hopefully by the end of this you can uh dang it I forgot to delete the fourth one off this slide it betrayed me dang it Dwight so hopefully at this point uh you guys are getting a clear sense when somebody is when you're meeting somebody in DMS or at an event or via email or on Zoom or whatever and you're talking to them and you realize that they're just in a lot of pain and they you know oh what have you what have you done to solve this I don't know you know I get you know I've and they go down this path you're like all right you clear you know you don't you haven't done it yet you're not articulating anything that's proposed solution so you know that they problem aware and so now you know exactly to focus on their pain and their problem and let them just communicate about that and then then the transition question would be you know have you given up trying to solve this you know or have you have you you know is this something that you are looking to solve uh can be a really clear transition question and invite them to learn about your solution and then learn why your product and and service is better than any of the other Solutions and then we get into step five which is most aware where they're like oh my gosh why I need this is exactly what I've needed so and that's where we're going together so today we got to cover level two

- Boost Sales: Master the Levels of Awareness (Level 4 of 5): Kind: captions Language: en it's this is the part where you know her mosy language right I love how much mind share that guy is just stealing from everyone anyway uh how to make offers so good people feel stupid saying No this is one of my favorite levels and stages because this is the stage where in the customer Journey where you see by far the most conversion I really like that part of the customer Journey because it's where I've spent the most time got the most reps uh in in the business Journey or like you know business cycle of building business and everything and uh What's the phrase on the bottom present an offer that can't that can't be refused it's this is the part where you know her mosy language right I love how much mind share that guy is just stealing from everyone anyway uh how to make offer so good people feel stupid saying no that's this conversation today it's a good skill to have all right so outcome is present an offer that camp refused uh you're crazy if you say no we're going to recap over the initial levels one two and three and then we're going to get into level four together today of course we have copy we have examples and while we're going through these hear me closely on two things number one uh we're reviewing these levels because of on on purpose repetition I tell my kids this if we do a lot of reps in a short period of time it increases skill lot of reps short period of time increases skill so when we spend the short amount of time during the week together we want to keep providing those Reps for you um in the short period of time to increase skill and we follow that pattern as well let's get into it level one is unaware people don't know you exist that's people don't know you exist Michael says it this way your prospect has no knowledge of anything except perhaps his own Identity or opinion people love what they love they hate what they hate and if we talk about those things they're like hey that's what I think love or hate and so it's easy to meet them where they're at and communicate in that way that's why that works what are great ways to do that well story lead is a great example we all love stories and the example we've gone through is with a headline is they laughed when I sat down at the piano but when I started to play what happened when you play did they laugh did they cry did they throw their chairs at you because it was you know hurting their ear like what happened so it's a good story headline uh with very curiosity driven Proclamation lead can be used in level one and also two uh sometimes level three but it's just this read this or die it's like this big Proclamation it's very big it's very bold it's probably unrealistic in times and and it's it's you know clickbait a lot of times our Pro uh uh Proclamation leads uh those are examples okay level two now they're problem aware they're they're they're thinking about more of just their opinions thoughts feelings they've got they're aware of their problem my knee hurts my elbow hurts um I could once see now I can't see because I got something in my eye or something happened I got a problem they know about it Michael says it this way your prospect senses he has a problem but doesn't know what to do about it that's important people in this stage um are in dread because they don't know if there is a solution they might be thinking like is this what my life's going to be like for the rest of my life what do I do um you know there's so there's no hope there's just worry um and a lot of times when you can come in you know lines can simply be saying like oh you're probably scared about this maybe feel stuck here and you might have never you know didn't even know there was something that was available to you you're not even selling a solution you're just selling and talking about the possibility that there may be a solution meeting people where they're at at this stage can sound like that and grab their attention this is important in general if you hear me say one thing today it's like okay he Chris you talk through all these examples you give some stories and say ridiculous things every once in a while if you hear me say one thing though meeting people like listening practicing empathy and creatively solving problems those three things listening uh practicing empathy and creatively solving problems another way of saying those three things are treat people the way you want to be treated and listen to them and meet them where they're at if you really do those things it'll solve 90 you like you don't need this tactic that framework do it this way make the air smell this way turn the temperature down so they're a little cold and on edge more likely like all that can be strategic and like help but if you but 90 95% of the things are just treating people the way you want to be treated uh and and uh meeting them where they're at and so on level two to meet them where they're at problem aware being sympathetic empathetic I feel your pain what I hear you saying is and recite their pain they don't care about you they don't care about the solutions you have they care they want to be heard and they care about you know what they're struggling with let's meet them there okay can be done with sympathy um the next thing that we'll cover is level three uh and if you've missed the I'm going I'm doing my my best to go through these quickly if you want to have more detail on these Def and you haven't seen them go back uh on the left hand side into the pipeline copy Vault and and these pipeline strategy vault and and watch the past recordings because we we share more headline and we go into more detail for level three now there's solution aware ah there's we we see the double rainbow you know like the Sun's shining Life's good There's Hope in the air again um there's solutionware Michael says it this way your prospect knows the result he wants or she wants but not that your product provides it so they know that they the result they want but they don't know what products or services are the right ones for them to get it to meet them where they're at we're not going to be like well here's my product and here's my they just know the result they want and so we need to talk about results this is a good thing to good section to talk about results which is why problem leads you can see in the upper right hand corner it's kind of small problem solution leads that's why we want to have this conversation if you have this problem and you want this result check this out because that's what they're thinking they don't want to hear about your product name that like makes no sense to them they want to hear about what they the pain they have they want to hear about the result they want to get which is why David has a great quote when you advertise fire extinguishers open with the fire talk about the fire man you got your house is burning I happen to have this thing that makes your fire go away I know my house is on fire I know that I want it to not be on fire right that might sound silly but that is how simple it is and then when people are in level three of the buying Journey that's how we meet them where they're at and use words that connect like within a within five words right within phrases and sentences and then everything you say after that will will go down um you know a better path for you okay write take a screenshot we go back and watch the other training video we went through in in problem solution leads at the solutionware state stage five proven formats of how to write copy we had plenty of examples and campaigns that supported the if this than that right if you have sinus infection get Geritol or whatever the thing was you know I think Sean you're some people are like I had that I had that you know whatever the the the thing was actually I think it was the the tablets whatever but you get the idea inversion was actually solution problem aware format identification and the question and instruction those are really really proven powerful formats and the pro copywriters when they're like okay I have this campaign they start writing headlines within those formats and sometimes the identification one's the best one and sometimes it's if this then that framework that ends up popping the hardest you're going to want these tools in your tool belt when it comes to solution aware here's some examples do your hands and feet feel like blocks of ice problem and then a really small blurry print discover Nature's amazing allnatural remedy for your poor circulation I've got the result right uh for you can't fall asleep not staying asleep waking up too early never again they're just saying that I they're promising the result that you want having all these problems never again they I what is their product name I have no idea what's their company I don't care I just know that they have a solution that's going to get the result I want and so that's how you say the same thing with less and meet people at the solution aware stage hopefully that becomes clear all right now we get to um with with getting some more of those reps which are very practic this why Sean Sean and I go through this like unintentionally or maybe I mean he's he's intentional with like Napoleon Hill and like some piece of content maybe is here I don't want to speak for you in incorrectly Sean but that being said intentionally or unintentionally Sean and I go through this framework at least once or twice a year and just comb through our offers and our copy and because it's good to get these reps now we get to move to product aware this I love this stage because now people are you know a little bit warmer and we can freaking get it done we can bring the heat and start uh sharing some promises being a little more bold right so we've got promised leads all right that being said we're going to focus on what a promise lead is and this can apply to your business and your copy and where are headlines these days yes yes the subject line of an email um it's the first three to five words in any DM you send that is a headline that's very valuable digital real estate uh what else is it well of course any piece of content short or medium form long form that you're putting out there all of these are the words that we use which can be the words that are used to sell and these Frameworks are really important learning from the best a promise of a so what is it a promise of a benefit which is unique and competitive Sean what are the good things to say is it better faster more no no no no no we don't want to say those things we want unique rare disruptive you know revolutionary um you know things along the nature uh that are more pattern interrupt driven you've never thought of this or heard of this before that kind of like whoa what is it I'm curious right that kind of stuff what it also is is a reason why people should buy from you sometimes it's like well that's cool but I can get that anywhere like why you and when you have a good answer to that they're like that's a good point in fact this is implement this just in your like even personal life you know if you're waiting in line anywhere and you just you're at Starbucks and you want to cut the line if you ask hey do you mind if I just like go in front I'm like in a hurry or family emergency whatever if you give them an explanation after the ask they're I don't know the exact percentage but it's like 60 to 70% higher probability that they'll say yes just because you had a reason for asking hang with me on this this is why this is really powerful and funny um hey do you mind if I cut the line I just I really want to like even though that sounds ridiculous more people will say yes to you just because that's your reason and you gave a reason so how do we apply that to sale like why you just have a reason even if it's not that good make that a part of your process your pattern all right next one something you must be able to deliver you can't if you can't deliver then you're actually lying to people and and for whatever you gain it will be just it'll you'll lose it just as fast I don't you know with this crowd I don't have to harp on that too hard I know you guys are with me on that who is it for product aware prospects of course your prospect knows what you sell they know the the pain they have they know the result they want and they're they're aware of your product right so now we're telling them why us right um works well with on the fence prospects so they know all these things but we've all I mean right now just think about the the recent sales calls that you've had you're thinking of their name you know you see their face and they're on the fence they're like and you know they're the you know they're the right fit they know they're the right fit for crying out loud it's like why aren't they buying I I I was just to be on the other side this a funny story it's for like this other Mastermind and all these other like Founders and you know Executives and blah blah blah and and the guy was like hard selling me so freaking hard uh Sean this is like this one out of Florida and he's just hard selling so hard I'm like and he's I'm like thinking of all the Frameworks he's using on me because I just like sales and the game and the structure I was like oh he's really good and I know I'm the perfect fit he knows I'm the perfect fit why am I not buying so anyway people on the fence throwing some bigger promise leads can help them be like all right well he he said he's going to deliver for me on this like you know she's goingon to deliver for me here like let's do it okay here's what they must include biggest benefit is is great so well you know that's a relative term so how do you know that well how much market research have you done I've done and some of you have probably done quite quite a bit but here let me give you at least a workflow that I really really like around this bullet point uh I'm a big fan of Meo like digital whiteboard I mean you can use whatever actual whiteboard or digital one you want but the exercise is I'll go through and and doing it this way I have found to be helpful I don't just like think of the names of the companies I'll go to their website I'll go to their social profiles I'll review their copy and I'll take screenshots of all of it and I'll put it in one Miro board and I'll look at oh look at their offer look at their customer Journey I will study the market I know what what helps if you're looking for your voice and you're and where and how you're unique because being unique and rare is even a relative term unique and rare compared to what you you you doing that due diligence sets you far apart because I promise 95% of your competitors have never done that maybe some of you are here today or you're watching this recording later and you're like Chris I've never done that it's okay you know there was a point where we we had never done it but with the product and service and offerings that we bring to Market and and companies that we form we go through this process and then we revisit the process and so you're grabbing their screenshots you're reviewing their copy you're looking at not what they say but the order in which they say it and how you find somebody and and you can see the experience that's being created then you can start to form your unique and rare offering that fills in the gaps you guys with me on that all right let's keep flowing matches prospects core desires right it's on par with meeting them where they're at sounding new and original again if you know what they're used to hearing in the market then you'll know what angle to take um in the market to actually fulfill on being new and original be bold don't be afraid to be bold you why why do we all buy products and service this is a good note on Bold why do we all buy products and services this this shocked me and I because I never really viewed it this way until a few years ago I'm like well you know I'm I'm solving problems and I'm getting rid of I'm running away from Pain uh I'm paying for Speed that's a good answer you know I want to go faster a big thing that's not always articulated is people are buying confidence I in other words I believe more in this person in this system than I do in myself and there's stages in our Journeys where we're learning and we don't have that that confidence built and there's parts of there's parts of like our own story and growing flow chat the company that we are are becoming and going to be scares me a little bit it's because I haven't been to that level and so how you partner and who you surround yourself with to borrow some of that confidence allows you to be bold right and and so when you're serving the market do we want to buy from anyone that's not b and not confident and unsure and hesitant of course not right so I know this is very simple I know you guys all know this but I think this is something that's really important to co over when it pertains to a promise lead if you don't have a bold promise then it's like it's a really weak promise right all right followed with even bigger proof you know social proof look at all these people that have win and you can too and you're constantly thinking about increasing someone's standard of living how do you do it well how long does it take speed matters Size Matters we'll skip all kinds of jokes and quality of results quality of results like is probably the biggest right and the most important you get results you take care of people you treat other people the way that you want to be treated and usually you're marketing and your sales and the people in your community actually just do all the selling for you right get that Compound Effect all right awesome so these are some very important bullet points to include in your promise lead oops let's look at some examples check this out a Hollywood smile in three days or your money back how do I lose I'm going to get the result I want it's it's a very descriptive smile it's like hey do you want a good smile it's like that sounds stupid Hollywood smile you know Fame all the You Know Rich pretty people cool I get it yeah like the top of the top let's get that one in less than three days that seems attainable or if I don't deliver there's no risk to you money back I know you guys understand the framework and isn't new to you so this is a great example of a very solid promise lead I know what I get I know what time frame I get it and and it's a a risk reversal I have no risk how do I say no to this I don't all right so we're gonna end here today the FBI formula coined by Yours Truly Shawn Malone the FBI formula this this is something uh we like Frameworks this is a great framework to create a promise lead feature right is for f what are you uh what are your best product features now hear me closely there's going to be what you think and what you think might also be what your customer thinks you know you uh but hop hop on the call uh we have baked into our process where we're we'll randomly reach out to people and just jump on a one-onone call how's it going you know what are you getting stuck with a conversation I had last week he was like gosh I love this part this is what I got and you know why I got jump I jumped on with flow chat but here was here's a couple things that I bumped into into my you know initial Journey getting started I was like oh even though we had the resources um he was struggling to leverage them and find them and so how do we make them more visible and easier to find you know being obsessive about what people are needing and wanting and how to get them that to them faster are the best product features and simply just reaching to them and asking them so if you don't currently have one action will takeway if you don't actively have one-on-one calls you get so much more out of a call than you do just text or email although doing that compared to nothing is better but if you can do just that no pressure call not I'm not calling you to upsell you or get more out of you like just doing the thing to like check in due diligence it's worth it it's far more expensive to acquire new than it is to retain old or current right so that's a great way to discover feature all right let's talk about benefit what benefit does this feature provide to your client being clear about that um what's a good example sometimes have you ever been on those calls or watched those webinars or vsls and they're talking about how great everything is and how happy everyone is and you're like I don't even know what you said like what are we even talking about are we talking about emailing are we talking about you know like cold call like I don't know what you're saying being clear about the benefit and just just saying that directly can be very very powerful in a promise lead so they know what's being promised lastly impact eye for impact what will be the resulting uh uh what will be the result when your client uses this feature so hey here's the feature here's the benefit and here's what life is going to be like when you have this result you know you're going to be taller you're going to be more tan you're going to be like what you know here's here's how people will view you here's what they'll say here's where your business will be at and now you'll finally be able to delegate and you'll actually be doing triple the amount of Revenue with half the amount of time can you imagine like wow I can barely imagine a lot like that's going to be the result the impact uh that you know will affect their standard of living and be a big deal so here's a framework you can borrow the FBI formula and creating promise leads and that is what we have for level four today he

- Write Better Copy: the 5 Levels of Customer Awareness: Kind: captions Language: en have you ever heard of the five levels of customer awareness do you know what they are do you know how you can use them as an online entrepreneur we're going to tell you that in today's video it's going to be way easier than you thought but absolutely transformative for your entire approach to copywriting content writing and possibly business so you're going to want to tune in [Music] welcome or welcome back to my youtube channel my name is emma givens i'm a brand messaging strategist copywriter and writing coach for entrepreneurs like you who want to learn how to do the copy and content writing themselves if those topics are interesting to you then please consider subscribing and hit the notification bell below so you never miss a video would you talk to a stranger at a networking event the same way that you might try and be caught in the eye of someone that's really cute on the subway would you talk to your best friend like the stranger at the networking event like these are different environments with different pre-existing or maybe completely new relationships and that means that you tailor the way that you introduce yourself the way that you talk about the value that you bring to the situation and to the person in front of you so why do we not do that when we write to our online audiences or when we create videos for online audiences or podcasts for our online audiences it's the same sort of thing right writing a first time kind of cool pitch email to someone you'd love to work with is very different than sending a text message to your boyfriend who forgot to pick up milk right so we want to also make sure that we are speaking to the different parts of the customer journey that we may find our emerging ideal client is currently in so ask yourself where is your person starting are they completely new to you they might stumble across your latest you know well hashtag public on instagram are they someone who just signed up for your email newsletter and it's just kind of testing the waters is it someone that's a past client and they love you and you know that all you have to do is say hey i've got this new thing you're the first person i thought of and they are right there for you right this is the same sort of thing we want to be aware of who it is that we were writing for at any given time so that's where the five levels of customer awareness really comes in for us as copywriters and online entrepreneurs who do a lot of writing and this concept was invented or recognized however you want to say it by eugene schwartz who isn't well was an awesome copywriter he was born in 1927 so you can imagine he was working during that kind of epic era of marketing of the 20th century and he was absolutely prolific he wrote so so so much and he spent most of his time researching before he would write and one of those researching pieces is really knowing who it is that you're writing for not just in terms of what i always focus on demographics and psychographics like where your client is psychologically in their life but also where they are and where they're coming from on their journey specifically with you all right so we're going to look at our friend eugene's five levels of customer awareness by really focusing on the essentials so that way it's easy for you to digest assuming this is probably one of your first times hearing this concept and we're also going to give you some really easy to apply marketing and copywriting best practices for how you speak to them at the five different levels of their journey baseline level one is totally unaware they are totally unaware of their problem and the solution right they can't be aware of the solution if they don't even know they have a problem chances are most people in whatever category or whatever industry you're in are technically going to fall into this category right there's billions of people on earth and there's a good chance they are not aware of any of what it is that you help them with right like if you think in history we didn't even realize that you know we were getting sick because of germs we can't speak to someone from the 12th century about getting rid of 99.9 of bacteria with lysol if they don't even know the bacteria exists and that it's the cause of disease this is a really exaggerated example but we want to make sure that we're speaking to the level that they're at and would be totally unaware person we're speaking to someone who does not know their problem exists doesn't know that there's a solution for this unknown problem assume that's the largest part of your audience this is the best time for content marketing and other kind of self-diagnostic which makes sense when we're giving the disease example self-diagnostic tools so content marketing meaning those instagram posts that you publish you broadcast basically to the world and you want to try and create content that helps people to ask questions largely right like are you have you do you and get them to kind of score themselves in their head are they not in yes then they have this problem right and this is also the reason why quizzes perform as incredible opt-ins especially right now as i'm filming this towards the end of 2021 heading into 2022. quizzes do so so well because people know that they're going to get education but also that they are going to discover something about themselves if people find themselves endlessly fascinating they're going to realize ultimately through a quiz that they have a problem most likely or at least they're on some level scale of a problem and there's going to be a solution on the other side but all we're really speaking to you at that point is what is the problem so that is our goal we're creating educational content content meaning we're just providing education and value we're not thinking about asking them to buy from us at this point we're just not i mean we are thinking it but it's not making its way at all into what we're writing so if this is a new concept for you then you want to check out my video on copywriting versus content writing because that is the basic principle that we're talking about here this is the content marketing level 100 for sure all right level two is problem aware so now they know that there is a problem and they're starting to wonder if they have it even if they're in a little bit of self-doubt but they can't forget what they know right they can't unknow what they know they're starting to feel uncomfortable not because you're triggering that remember here we talk about compassionate copy the goal is not to trigger discomfort it's to help them just hold up a mirror and let them realize that their life could be better right they're feeling a way that they don't have to anymore right just like the 12th century example right their lives would 100 be better if they just start with knowing that bacteria is a problem right because it's going to in the long run massively reduce the disease and you know improve their life expectancies etc so it's not a bad thing to tell people that bacteria is bad right we're that's what we're taking this perspective from here too right when we're trying to make sure that they are problem aware with that first level and we bring them here it's not so that we're not reveling in them feeling bad by any means it's just by this point in level two you know they're aware that this is an actual problem that they're not living life the way that they would like to there's some discomfort and dissatisfaction i think is a good word for where they're at here and that's why we often in copywriting will start with talking about someone's pain points and again this is not trying to make them feel pain like saying that you know that they you know i've used this example in a video recently you might have seen on the channel they need to lighten their teeth to be loved or something like that that is the message of a lot of copy out there things that dramatic that's not what we're talking about we're saying if you think that's a problem if that's if that's affecting your confidence if it's not feeling good to you then we see that we reflect that we we get it we get it we've been there too or we've had clients who've been there too that's really what we're focusing on right like i get it when i'm reflecting pain points to somebody this is also the point when you're really going to be wanting to think about their demographics and their psychographics which we actually have a video on as well in terms of an ideal customer avatar exercise that's useful and you don't have to keep doing it over and over again because it gets into their psychology so we'll pop that video up here right now but basically the demographics and psychographics will give you a really clear sense of what is it in their life that they are dissatisfied about so that you can speak to it right it gives you that research that you need that eugene loves or loves oh i just feel like he's here with us in spirit or something anyway you'll get that information that you need to be able to speak to the reality that someone is going through and so that's why you'll notice that a lot of what we do or what we talk about in copywriting online and in free environments especially is really just at level two right it's that problem of aware level you're gonna have people at all phases of the journey from one to five but this is one that people really focus on a lot so we're gonna go into a little bit more nuance in this video with levels three four and five as well another thing i want to add in here with the problem aware level is that this is where this is where someone is really trying to understand themselves and their problem better so they're asking a lot of questions that are focused on the problem and not on the solution right there if anything they're looking for someone or something to blame not on trying to get themselves out of it yet that's okay that's where they are so they're going to be asking things like am i alone does anybody else feel this way um or is anybody else experiencing this ha are there any side effects that i don't know about like are there other things wrong with me or my life that i wasn't even consciously aware of which is a terrible kind of question but it's often what people are thinking right we're just really meeting people where they are in their psychological journey so what's what else does this mean for me right where does this come from what is the origin of this who can i blame those sorts of things so that's something to keep in mind is they're just investigating the problem basically at this point they're not ready to look at solutions yet all right the third level of awareness is solution aware so they have moved out of that i don't like this i want to figure out why this is happening to me kind of problem centric thought process and they're moving into i want out of this i am going to find a solution somehow some way so they're at this point where they're starting to do research the key here is they don't know necessarily about you yet or that you offer a solution but they know that there are solutions out there and they're ready to start finding that information there are people who are googling and trying to find out answers to their questions so look up the most commonly asked questions on google use resources like answer the public to try and find out more about what people are looking for online connected to your topic so what is copywriting for example i might type something like that or just the word copy you're heading in to answer the public and then this website will basically give you a map of all the things related to that that people are asking how questions why questions when questions what etc it's a really useful tool and i highly recommend it so when you're creating content or even some copywriting at this phase right starting to try and warm them up to the idea of sale you might be able to get some people at this level it's totally possible but what you're really going to want to focus on here is anything that shows you obviously have a solution making sure that you know this so visibility getting seen through content especially and then if you're gonna inject sales copy it needs to be something that makes them convinced that your solution works right it's you know case studies testimonials social proof of some kind stats around the option that you offer you want to make sure that if someone is looking for a solution and they are like i just want to get the first solution i see basically i'm ready to buy now that kind of like oh i i need out of this kind of thing that you're speaking to them right you're answering the questions that they have your your content is coming up across their google page first for example and then if you're gonna ask them for a sale at this point make sure that it's focused on now that you know i have a solution because you've come here through my content i'm going to show you this is the fast way that works to find to access the solution to feel better on the other side whatever that emotion is for them so keep that in mind if you're going to be trying to sell them at this phase lots of social proof all right level awareness for is product aware or service aware really they know that you have a solution so someone who you know maybe you didn't try and sell them right at the last phase right in level three but they got on your website because they googled something you had the answer to that person if they subscribed to your email list yes this person is in level four they know you talk about or that you offer services or solutions to whatever their problem was so they are aware that you exist and that you have an offer these could be also followers or subscribers followers on instagram subscribers on youtube that sort of thing someone who has signed up even for like a webinar or something like that if it's meant to be a lead magnet those people as well would be oh i'm really interested she's got this solution i want to learn more about it so this is a really really awesome phase they are so close to being ready to work with you and as you would imagine there are some people at this level who are basically ready to take the next step this is actually where a lot of your sales are going to come from anyone who's a new client this is where new clients come in we're going to talk about repeat clients in a second the level 4 is where those new clients come in that's when you convert a subscriber a follower etc to a paying client and some of the ways that you do this are by getting them to realize the value of your offer this is when you're sending targeted thoughtful sales emails that have a message about how your solution stands out from competitors it is different it is the one thing that's going to help them actually achieve what it is that they set out to achieve when they went on the journey of problem solving this is when you're going to ask them to buy now on a webinar or to book a call with you in an email these are the people who are ready they just need you to put them over the edge and to really have that full trust in you so again you're going to start bringing things like testimonials case studies you know comparisons and how your product stands out compared to others you're going to also want to think about things that bring up that sense of urgency as long as it's authentic right you're going to be doing a live bonus call they need to sign up by a certain date for it okay then tell them that right that's an honest urgency that will get them to take action right basically you're just incentivizing them to yes i'm ready now i i'm ready to dive all in and level five is most aware i pretty much think of this as your repeat or existing customers but i suppose you could have people who have done a lot of research or like the people who took advantage of your free laser coaching and then did a discovery call and then needed to think about it even more you know some of those people which you know they that can be a little challenging as an entrepreneur but then the really awesome people are your vp clients who are major major fans these are the people that you have successfully romanced these are the people who you've been married to for a few years now and you just want to keep that romance alive basically so you want to make sure they're the first to know about really awesome things that are going on they get access to all the free stuff too or they get bonuses once in a while a gift to say thank you right you're you're making sure that they feel loved and cared for because you do love them right they are your awesome clients who are referring you to other people who are helping you live the lifestyle you live because they're bringing in revenue for you they are the people who have been so fun to work with they're why you've been doing this whole thing in the first place so show them how much you love them and they're far more likely to keep you top of mind so they do refer you and to come back right let them know that you're offering a new service before other people so they can book in first because chances are when we know this we're talking about sales and copywriting that when you reach out to someone who's bought anything at any level from you in the past they're far more likely to buy from you again compared to someone who's new completely they are the fastest way to bring in additional revenue if you have a new service an upgraded service something tailored etc whatever it is that you're offering as long as you're thoughtful about what it is you're going to make an offer on and you go back to a previous paying client they're the fastest way to make sure you hit a revenue goal for that new product or service so really love on them because they love you and they are really the core of your business they are how you're doing what it is that you're doing so your most aware level of awareness is so awesome appreciate them and just give them all the virtual hugs in the world so taking people through these five levels of awareness or meeting people where they are at each of the five levels is really what we're talking about with the customer journey right we're talking about someone who has never heard of you before has never even really had an issue and you're kind of broadcasting to a wide swath and they realize oh that's interesting suddenly their mind starts going they take this journey all the way through the fact that they are a pain client is going back to you and over and over and over again right like from very beginning to very very end and this is so overlooked by online business owners because it is really not taught typically and i even know tons of copywriters and definitely content writers who also aren't aware of these five levels of awareness and i'm sure there are other systems that work for them but i find this to be so incredibly empowering and can really show you where there are holes in your messaging why something that you think should perform super well is just not resonating with the people that you're speaking to right this can really help you undiagnose your own problems and realize oh that's why this didn't work at this level of awareness that i realized they're at i actually need to be sharing something like this with them instead so incredibly powerful and i really really my hope for this video is that it strongly empowers you and also helps you realize that there is so much nuance to the craft of copying content writing and this is something worth learning because it's going to make all the difference in the world to your business and your confidence in dealing with your clients and customers all right so i hope you really enjoyed this very educational video about the five levels of awareness created by eugene schwartz originally and that you're going to be able to start using this at least be aware of this from now on as you start to think about the copy and content that you are writing so let me know in the comments below did you know about the five levels of awareness before today or if you did did you know how to use them i would love to hear that because i think it is so under taught as i've said a few times in this video so if you enjoyed this video please give it a thumbs up and also consider subscribing for more copywriting content marketing writing coaching kinds of tips and you can also hit the notification bell so that you never miss a video all right if you're willing to stick around we're going to have some video suggestions for you over here on the screen and if this is it for you today then please make sure you're subscribed and i will see you next thursday bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @Nick_Dara_Alex_Barry_uglyAds [1 likes]: great video emma
  2. @EmmaGivens: Which of the 5 Levels are your customers usually at?

- Boost Sales: Master the Levels of Awareness (Level 5 of 5): Kind: captions Language: en so now let's move into people that are not unaware that are not problem or solution or even um product aware but now they're moving into this most aware this is the person all right so we're going to talk through and and again it'll be fairly quick I got a little story that I want to share with everybody it's kind of fun um but we're going to talk about the uh most aware level of Eugene Schwarz this is where you hold nothing back and um here's what the outcome is today we want to make you the best copywriter or dealmaker imaginable with this level of awareness we're going to recap levels one through four talk about level five and then I'm going to share my awesome Aussie Story So for anybody that has Australian friends this one's for you so quick recap level one is what we call unaware unaware is where people don't know what they don't know and basically we are talking about things um no knowledge of anything except perhaps their own Identity or their own opinion okay that's the first one this is the coldest stage this is where people just are just completely oblivious and so you never want to go to somebody that's completely oblivious and say hey here's this discount you can get on this cool thing they're gonna be like well what thing and why am I getting a discount for it right like that's the type of unaware person because I just don't even know right so that's the coldest stage and um usually you'll get the best feedback from the coldest Market but at the same time when we're talking to level uh one unaware prospects the best choice of copyrighting for this level of buyer is to always tell stories right stories are definitely like and Chris kind of shared this one they laughed when I sat down at the piano but when I started to play that was a headline we actually used when we started internet marketing about seven and a half years ago and it I think it did um almost $300,000 in Revenue in like the first 10 months for us just using this formula of a headline so like I know it works and if you're selling to an unaware Market this is a great opportunity let's go level two problem where Prospect this where your prospect has sense that he has he or she has a problem but doesn't know that there's a solution like ah my knee hurts I don't know what I can do my knee hurts I just ah I have a problem right um and the best choice to talk to level two people is again using either story leads you can still start with stories and go there or you can use Proclamation leads this is where you make this big Proclamation like your knee will never hurt again if you take this special ointment right or whatever so this one is read this or die it's a huge Proclamation saying oh my God like if I don't if I read if I don't read that I'm going to die like that's that's crazy that's a proclamation lead this will capture people's attention this is typically where what you call it the pattern interrupt occurs um everybody's heard the term pattern interrupt this is a big pattern interrupt um the the level two problem who are they they are the people that just have no hope and they just worry they're just worried about any one thing or another they know something is not right but don't know there's a way to fix it and so you just want to stay focused on sympathizing with them and empathizing with them do not come over the top with any solution too quickly because if you do you will push them away you got to know that you can they can trust you because you're showing that you feel their pain and you got to sympathize in that frustration desperation and anger this is that pain Point Type U place where you want to get to people with and never talk about your products or benefits moving on to level three your prospect knows the results that she wants but not that your product provides it okay so hey I have a mess in my messenger and I happen to know like there are ways to solve it uh but I did I don't know who flad is right that's that person and so when we connect with these types of people you want to use and the phrase says it all when you advertise fire extinguishers open with the fire right open with the the high level of um an intense emotion like that's why this is where uh movies are very good at this you know like the first movie that I'm thinking of right now is um the one where he takes the pills and he gets really smart and at the beginning of the movie he starts uh standing on a Ledge and like how did I get to this ledge before I jump off down and thing well it's like that that piece of you caught their awareness and now we're going to come back and say look if you're thinking about jumping off a ledge don't here's why so uh that's the idea again we want to start with problem solution leads or the way we talk to these people can't fall asleep not staying asleep waking too early never again that's the solution so the first three sentences there are the problem the next one is the solution level four before we get to the good stuff here this product aware these are people that are a little bit longer down the path and by the way everybody listening to this your prospects are in this awareness level one place or another the best way that you can close deals the fastest is get really familiar with where people are in their awareness and then which are the people in the awareness pattern that close the fastest into your business if you can figure that puzzle out you'll be able to know where to find your people way way more often and way faster and higher quality which is always what we look for so in this case uh the product aware Prospect this is where we're going to use promises promise leads your prospect knows the result he or she wants but not that your product provides it and again here's an example uh using a promise get a Hollywood smile in three days Hollywood smile in three days is the Hollywood smile is the promise three days is the timeline and then you're like oh my God that's amazing like what can I lose like this is crazy and what this is offering is dental services or making your smile pretty or or you know crust strip or whatever they are so um that's kind of how you want to speak with them right and then the best copy okay so now let's move into this most aware this is the person that's probably tried so say you sell whatever you sell right um say you sell dating services okay as an example I know Emanuel does this for one of his clients and so say you're selling dating services well the most aware person has probably gone to eharmony.com has probably gone to this company over here that charges $1,500 a month maybe he's gone to and tried like hey it's just lunch or you know all of these other programs that are out there that help for dating and they're very aware of all the solutions that are out there and now it becomes almost commoditized where you can say if if you know that your buyer your potential buyer in that space you can come at him and say get this offer where you'll never get it anywhere else it's at a reduced rate and we're going to talk right about the discounts and other things like that we want to do an offer lead the way that we talk to them is lead with offer and so here's uh what it is it's the most direct copy we talk directly about the product so this is only the person that's already purchased probably all of your competitor stuff but is still hungry to find the next solution um you don't want to hold back start with your copy with price and or your offer here's a great example selling cigars here it is cigars and then on the top of that like like first it says down at the bottom save 59% dollarars $29 for these cigars and it has this little bonus of a free $20 gift card if you look close enough it's a stake right and so now we're getting into how do we talk to the most um aware person and make it unique that's the big one secret never sell bigger better or faster if you do you will lose let me say that again never sell bigger better or faster if you do you will lose what you want to sell is rare new or different okay so replace bigger better faster with rare new and different and that becomes unique in this example somebody's smoking a cigar well when do people typically smoke cigars after a big steak dinner okay so that's a great example of how now we can take a a compliment product put it with our product and then you have a unique offer your offer Plus something complimentary equals unique okay so if we're talking about offer creation this is helpful what if you're in the event space what if you're selling events well we're going to do an event offer plus a travel or lodging offer so hey come buy this event ticket or come to my live event when you do you get two days free stay at this support place that's a unique offer okay or maybe you're in the book publishing space book offer plus speaking gig what do people write a book for number one credibility number two to like you know the Legacy piece of it number three to get exposure and grow a business if you're in that category of you're writing a book to grow a business then maybe if you're teaching other people how to get speaking gigs you could say here's my book but then also if you buy my book or when you buy my book it's going to cost you 500 bucks for my book but at the same time I'm GNA hook you up with two or three or five or 10 speaking gigs or I'm going to introduce you to this network or whatever when you start to build on in your offer it makes it unique and it also allows you to control the price point if you're in the marriage counseling space another example here maybe you have you know like parents fight about kids you know parents fight about money par but but if parents have kids right and and you're serving counseling counseling services well maybe it's like hey buy my counseling package and I'm going to give you and your husband or you and your wife the counseling and by the way I have this free child care thing that comes with it that's going to draw a lot of more people um and it could even create like a unique like a date night idea right okay quick story and then we'll get into Q&A and we could talk through this and one thing that we can do and I'm happy to do this is open up some of your guys's message conversations and start to help you identify where they are in the awareness level and then maybe even how to respond to them if you want to do that but once I met this Australian guy and he was just off the Rocks crazy like but he was not crazy because on the crazy scale there's these on the far left and right you've got crazy in the middle you've got normal and then in the between crazy and normal you've got the prolific zones and so this guy was definitely on the outside of the prolific Zone and he provided leadership training and and that's what he did and he was really really effective and good at it and the reason he was is because he made it super memorable right one of the metab biases if you've ever studied biases the six top metab biases in the world are visual personal um tangible memorable emotional and contrasting any one of those six and so the uh this one hit really specifically on memorable the way he taught leadership was more unique than anything I'd ever heard of before in fact when he told us what he did I was like holy cow this is just out there what he did was this again why he's in the story right now is is like because it's a great story he taught his leaders to work with teams in a specific way how he did it was he had two kind of main Pathways that he would go first thing he would do is he would transform the whole team that he was coaching so leadership training he would come into this bu business and he would take these leadership teams and he say okay look you guys are now a band and you have to play a song before the end of the session to somebody else and they'd have to write and perform a song and this got these teammates these people to start playing together and it was also something that was so out there that nobody had ever done it made his offer super unique or the other thing he did is he would bring the whole team into this like simulator that he'd found of a plane and he would say hey the plane's going to crash in five minutes unless you work together as a team to fix the deal so what he was doing is he was selling his leadership offer plus a really really Innovative and new experience that became a hyper memorable and that was his offer and it crushed right like it was so good right they can either crash the plane or they can work together and they can live and that's the idea he had a really really unique offer okay and so his offer was his offer plus a compliment right like a a great experience was unique leadership offer plus band offer is unique leadership offer plus simulator offer is also unique lastly this should go without saying when you master Eugene schwarz's five levels of awareness you'll become one of the most powerful copywriters and dealmakers imaginable because you'll know what to say at all stages of anybody talking to you so may the Schwarz be with you yes my ridiculous uh there and let's go flow chat

- Changing the Mechanism: Eugene Schwartz, Market Sophistication & Offer Strategy That Converts: Kind: captions Language: en solutions to Chronic problems require new mechanisms so this would be a great exercise for you I'm not going to stop and exercise on this one but you should later tonight if you can think about it Eugene Schwarz in a book called breakthrough advertising if you can get a copy of it's it's 100 bucks if you can find one for 100 bucks they're going up actually I got three or four copies Brian C Brian Curts has them Brian's a great guy uh he was at bottom line for a long time anyhow the book's called breakthrough advertising it's a tough read jeene Schwarz was a genius probably one of the best offer creators who ever walked the face of the Earth but he writes a whole section about Market maturation and it's really really an amazing part of the book the whole book is good that part's in really impressive and what he says is basically there are always going to be chronic problems people are going to be overweight people are going to be tired people are going to have time management issues people are going to have competence issues people are going to have all sorts of issues in their life that are never necessarily going to be cured so how do you sell them something how do you keep selling them hope right you change the mechanic right my friend Shirley back here buys a lot of cosmetic products she's told me before that every month she buys and it's and she's beautiful so it's obviously working she's 118 years old ladies and Gentlemen let's give her a hand I won't do another standup Shirley joke um but every month she buys new things because new opportunities are presented she wants to try a new thing she wants to try the new once she's tried that new she's probably not going to buy that thing again unless the mechanic has changed right so an example is you might buy a supplement product you might buy a pill when the pills stop selling you're very likely to buy the same thing in a patch when the patch stops selling you buy the same thing in a shake when the shake stops selling you might buy a piece of exercise equipment or a gadget or you might buy a lemonade from ingred right you still selling lemonade yeah so she does it uh uh slimming lemonade right sliming lemon you should call it sliming lemon but yeah tea so it could be a tea right uh bath bombs are huge right now you know in the bath Market enormously huge huge huge huge market so it's a different mechanic it softens the water you could do it for ears it was Calgon take me away right you sprinkle the in the bath and it's good it's the same shit's in a bath bomb there's absolutely nothing different to bath bomb that's in Calgon it's just a different mechanism right so how can you change the mechanism of your product how can you deliver it [Music] different only scarcity moves people right closing windows the stop stock market knows this like this opportunity is closing you got to get in now or the price is going to be up tomorrow it's going to be too late right

  Top Comments:
  1. @billa3816: The grinch of marketing