- How to make a horse a friend. One cowboy's partnership with horses: Kind: captions Language: en On the eastern slopes of the Rockies Jimmy Anderson is a bit of a legend. Jimmy's part of a new generation of cowboys, who've left the old idea of "breaking a horse" behind. He doesn't "break" horses. He "starts" them. Jimmy>>In the past, when we've talked about colt starting and colt breaking, that's what it was. They wanted to get a job done. Kind of just force everything onto this horse. They expected the horse to jump, they expected the horse to rear, they expected them to buck, because there was no relationship. Talk about breaking the spirit... and now it's almost the opposite of what we're wanting now. We want that spirit, we want that heart, we want that desire. Niobe>>I'm here to see Jimmy start a two year old colt called Shiver. Until now, Shiver's only seen humans from a distance. He's never been ridden. Jimmy>>Now what I'm going to do is start working myself a little bit closer to him. Niobe>>I've come for the week, but Jimmy figures he'll get a saddle on sooner than that. [horse neigh] That seems a little optimistic to me... Niobe>>Jimmy and Shiver aren't on speaking terms yet. Baby steps. Jimmy>> There... there we go. So, you'll hear me talk about two eyes. Niobe.. Uh huh. Jimmy>> When that horse can start to give me them two eyes, he also gives me his focus. Jimmy>> Nice. He really needs to get used to this. Niobe>>If he can't take that touch, he won't take a saddle. Jimmy>>No. We're getting him used to an external pressure. Tap this hind end and have him yield that hind end. Nice. Tap this hind end. There... nice. I'm going to come up here and see if I can't get some petting in there. Niobe>>Jimmy knows horses are prey animals. Dogs are always looking for supper, but horses are looking for safety. And that need is Jimmy's magic key. Jimmy>>When I look at horses that are spooky... if he's away from the herd, he doesn't have a leader. When you get that trust and that confidence and that relationship with a horse, I mean, really sky is the limit of what you can do. When I start a colt, it's never a competition. It's more of a partnership and a relationship that we can start to get working together. here now with the rope I'm going to move them hindquarters. Move those hindquarters. [sound of tarp hitting] Niobe>>How do you know how far to take it and when to stop? Jimmy>>You know, we're looking at the expression in his face. Looking at that tightness through his neck. He's telling me "Jim, you can do more" or "Jim, I'm getting too worried, I can't take this". So that's where I am just reading him and letting him tell me how much. And so when I can go through this with him not getting worried and just no big deal, that's when it's going to tell me, he's ready to saddle. Now he's getting good with the tarp. Good boy. Niobe>>So what are you doing now Jim? Jimmy>>I'm just bringing Maverick in. Maverick is going to give him a little bit of confidence as I put this saddle on. Niobe>>And that's the first time? Jimmy>>That's the first time right there, yeah. [bucking sound] Jimmy>>And that's totally OK with me. He kind of got worried. He had to deal with it that way a little bit, that's totally OK. Good... there he moved his feet. Kind of tightened up, but come back. And so the next thing that I'm working here... see every time he stops, I want him to start to look for me. [trotting sound] Jimmy>> There we go ... Nice! That's what I want to see. That focus, that looking to me for that answer. Niobe>>He's come a long way since morning. Jimmy>>He's come a long ways, yeah. [sound of rope hitting saddle] I need to get him used to me jumping up and down here, because if I want to get on him. Really, really good changes here. [Jimmy signals Maverick] Niobe>>Just amazing. Completely calm. Jimmy>> [clicking sound to Maverick] Jimmy>>My partner is helping me. [Niobe laughs] [Jimmy makes kissing noises] Jimmy>> Good! Nice! Niobe>>That was just superb! That was incredible to watch. Jimmy>>Good boy! You know, couldn't have asked for a better first day... good boy! And here he is for... first time. Niobe>>Yeah he's your best friend now, isn't he? Jimmy>>Yeah. When I take the halter off, what I want to see, is him not leaving me. [Jimmy whistles] His focus isn't there. Nice! Perfect. See and I want to be hooked up to these... not through a rope or through manhandling or forcing, through their mind. Niobe>>In a single morning, Jimmy and Shiver have found a common language. It's truly incredible what we can do together when a horse agrees to trust in us. After all, we sit on a horse's back exactly where a wolf would've leapt up to attack. It shows us, horses judge humans. And some of us pass the test. Jimmy>>Horses are really amazing how much they will be a partner and they try a crazy amount and I want to try that same amount back for them. When they give me that much trust, I can never let anything bad happen to them. When I lay Maverick down in the arena, he has given me his trust. Maverick knows, I won't let something happen to him. ♪♪♪

  Top Comments:
  1. @carolynhogan7749 [1 likes]: ❤❤❤
  2. @ChihiroSpritedAway: Dogs are not bad but horses are men's true best friends.
  3. @SilverBackELTorro: I’ve never experienced that life but I would love too.  Horses are like giant dogs. ❤😂
  4. @OBSERVEILLANCE: What a great incite. Truly beautiful. Thanks, from London England.
  5. @daveautrey5858: this is old stuff.  this has been going on for decades.
  6. @graceelizabeth4070: AMAZING ❤
  7. @heytherestupidcun: What a bunch of tv gibberish lol
  8. @AnxiousCowboy: wish it showed him initially putting on the halter
  9. @martinphilip8998: Heartwarming
  10. @johnboscor.582: Very great methods which are wonderful.
  11. @SarasotaFl: Wow
  12. @garethrutherford: beautiful!!
  13. @wodankirk4714: The first time is the easiest. The next 2-4 times is us bit rough 
❤😂🎉😂❤
  14. @robcrozierjazz: Beautiful
  15. @konradwarnholtz: Beautiful
  16. @kforest2745: Never had to make friends with animals they like me automatically even the wildlife I’ve met it’s strange. I’m sure an animal knows when it’s genuinely admired. They say your self confidence makes a difference to animals I just happen to have a lot of respect for them. Even met a pitbull that attached to me automatically and a cat that hated everyone including its owner yet loved me lol Fkn bizarre. My relatives had horses they are a core in me there’s something about the horse it’s unlike any other animal
  17. @sarkyization: Take the saddle of his her back and the bit out of their mouths!!  Leave them with their family and friends wo understand them.  People who love horses would NEVER ride them.
  18. @ΙΦΙΓΕΝΕΙΑ-τ7δ: Amazing!!❤Thank you!
  19. @proud_grandma12-6: I wonder what the elapsed time actually is.
  20. @LAWRENCESmannjr-tm5kn: Very beautiful

- HOW TO START A SUCCESSFUL EQUINE BUSINESS|Talking, Tips, & Advice: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hey horse lovers welcome back to free spirit equestrian so in today's video we're going to discuss how to have a successful equine business so in this video i'm going to talk to you a little bit about what i've done in order to have a successful equestrian business and a little bit about what you can do in order to establish that i'm going to talk to you about some of the steps that you can take in order to establish a business what you need to do and some things that you need to think about let's get started okay so the first thing you want to think about is what kind of equestrian business are you going to have are you going to be a rescue are you going to have a lesson program are you going to do boarding are you going to do training there are so many different things that you can do in the equine business and that you can be successful at but what you need to think about after you decide what you're going to do you need to think about what kind of company you're going to have what i mean by that is are you going to have an llc are you going to be a sole proprietorship are you going to have an s corporation are you going to have a c corporation there are different ones that you can choose from and it really is just going to depend on what your business is and how you want to protect yourself and what's going to be the best fit i personally am an llc which is a limited liability company this is a really great option because first off it separates your personal and your business assets so that's definitely beneficial when it comes to the equestrian business another thing that's really great about the llc is it gives you that liability i think this is the most popular choice when it comes to equestrian businesses but again it's really just going to depend on what works for you with the llc you can have multiple members and it's really awesome because when it comes to filing and taxes it is pretty straightforward for the most part it's definitely worth the risk when it comes to looking at the other options that would blend some of your assets so i think you really just want to study those and kind of get a good idea on what's going to work for your equestrian business so let's talk a little bit more about what kind of business you're going to have so again i have a lesson program i have about 30 to 50 students and then i also offer some leasing as well i have a few training horses sometimes so that's another really great way to establish a business to have a few different things going for you so that all your hands aren't in the same pot separate from my llc i'm also a saddle fitter on the side so i went to saddle fitting school for six months in south carolina so i am certified and then as you know i find a lot of horses in need work with them for one to five years and then i place them in their perfect home so i do get a little amount from sales with horses as well so that is another thing that is a part of my successful equestrian business but now you're gonna have to decide what's gonna work for you so there are definitely learning curves when it comes to the equestrian industry and kind of figuring out what you enjoy and what you're passionate about i think the number one thing is you have to have the passion if you don't have the passion with what you're doing then it's most likely not going to be successful when it comes to the equestrian business and the industry you have to make sure that what you're doing makes financial sense time and money are both very valuable but when it comes down to it you have to love what you're doing in order for it to be successful passion drives success so a little bit about my story i got my property about three and a half years ago my barn has 12 stalls two tack rooms an indoor arena outdoor arena and we're just on about 10 acres so it's a nice small facility and it was affordable for my husband and i and of course we live on site so what's going to be a huge part when it comes to figuring out your equestrian business is are you going to buy or are you going to rent if it's something like a lesson barn training anything like that you're definitely going to have to have the facility or the property or rent one if it's something like saddle fitting then again you don't really have to have the facility and you can travel to people another thing a lot of people do is there such thing as traveling trainers so if you can't afford a property another idea is that you could travel to people and work with them and do clinics and that kind of thing um there's so many things that you can do and once you decide you have to figure out and look what makes the most sense does it make more sense to rent because it's more affordable at the time maybe you just can't put a deposit down on what you're going to be purchasing right now so you rent instead or if you do at least you're going to be investing in that property if you do purchase it so i think it's just weighing those options and kind of figuring out how it's going to go um so yeah we got the property like i said three and a half years ago and about a couple months in i decided to bring in some borders so personally i decided that boarding did not work out for me it was way too much of a physical time demand and you did not make a lot of money just because of the overhead costs and all the labor and the maintenance that was required it's definitely something that was not beneficial for me from a business standpoint a passion standpoint or a time standpoint so that is something i decided to discontinue and it was a good business decision on my end now i do think that if you have boarders that are students or you have training horses in if you have horses at your property that aren't yours but they're doing other things like clinics like i said lessons training that kind of stuff then i think it can be beneficial you know you really just have to decide what is going to work for you there is some trial and error but that's why i'm making this video to try to just guide you a little bit on how i was able to be successful once you figure that out then you're just going to have to grow with that program once you find something that works for you you're gonna have to put in the time so i decided that lessons were really awesome and that i was really passionate about it and it's something i wanted to continue developing in my lesson in my lesson program so i started with just two students and then it just kept growing over time and by 2020 i was up to 50 and it was something that was super awesome and it took time to develop so i had to make sure that i had the horses like safe lesson horses and when we got the property i only had two i had jiminy and i had an arabian name abu and those were my only horses so taking the time to find those horses and develop them by the time the program took off you know it took a lot of investment took a lot of time businesses take time to build up three years minimum any business like it's just gonna take time to develop and then you gotta kinda like manipulate and change things as you go like with my program i have completely revamped it several times now because things change when you have a different a number of people different kind of horses like different kind of disciplines or whatever you're deciding to do even the different seasons things have to change sometimes so a lot of business stuff is just kind of preparing yourself doing the best you can but then also just kind of rolling with the punches and being aware of like what needs to change during certain periods of the businesses development so really really keep that in mind as well huge thing that we want to talk about is insurance you got to have insurance on whatever you're doing so of course i have the limited liability company so that does help me a little bit however you want to have insurance as well so i have commercial equine liability insurance i have farm insurance as well and that is through an equestrian farm company now again you'll have to be doing that research to figure out what's going to be best for you but to me insurance is a must-have and you can get different kinds of insurance that covers your buildings some of it can cover your tax that's inside your hay your tractors that's something you'll have to discuss with your insurance agent but that is a must-have and a serious business thing when it comes down to it the other thing speaking in business terms is you're going to have to have a farm account a business account you're going to want to make sure to keep everything you do with your business separate in a different account whenever people pay you whenever you make purchases that are for the business that kind of thing in a separate account and that is very important to protect your assets and to also make sure that you're keeping track of things so definitely something that you want to consider um and do when it comes to having an equestrian business again a little bit more about my story everyone asks how do you have these 10 horses how do you how do you do all this well i'm just going to kind of break it down again for you so again we purchased the property three and a half years ago my husband is an engineer so his income really definitely helps with like the main things that we need but when it comes down to the horses and paying for them that is solely on me and what i make it took time to build like i didn't just go buy 10 horses and spend tens of thousands of dollars like i worked really really hard to get these horses work with them and get them to be compatible safe equine some of them did not come to me that way a lot of them did not come to me that way some of them have never even been ridden like seriously so having that specific skill set really really helped me to be able to get horses for a little bit of a lower price because i had the skill set to be able to put the training into them to make them safe great awesome riding equines and lesson horses the other thing that you want to think of how much help are you going to need i personally am a one-man show so i do have um hired instructors that do help with lessons occasionally but for the most part i'm doing all the feeding i'm doing the stalls i'm doing all of the care my husband will help me with like the maintenance and he does help me like move pay and do things like that sometimes when it comes down to it i'm doing everything and that does save money but it can also you know take a little bit of time away from other areas so you're just going to have to decide how large of a scale are you going to be on and are you going to need help and you're going to have to factor that in when it comes to the financial aspect of your equestrian business so it really helps me because i'm small enough that i can basically manage it myself for the most part but i'm big enough to where it's still making me an income and a profit so you really want to think about that and capitalize on what you have um some other things again the lessons the leasing i do a lot of events like trail writing i have a fun show i take my students to shows so we also do these highlight events that bring in income as well and that's very helpful and beneficial and again it's something i love and i'm passionate about and i want to be able to share that with my students which is a huge part of my program and that also attracts people because it's something unique and different we're not just one discipline we're multi so i think that gives people a little bit more of like wow okay that's a little different that's unique and i would like to get my child involved in that because it's not just strictly one thing which again nothing wrong with that i think there's so many benefits to being on one disciplined barn if not that's amazing you can go higher level and if somebody really wants that then that's what they need to go towards but i'm just kind of explaining again like what i do the other thing is just selling horses here and there like when their time is right because i don't want anyone just staying here to be a lesson horse because it is taxing on them mentally and again they're all my personal horses so when i feel like i've done them justice and they're ready or the right person comes along then i will set them free to their correct home yeah so that's really what it comes down to and now again i'm capitalizing and making money off talking to you guys you know with youtube and tick tock it's just another thing that i can add on to my business that is going to benefit the business me and i'm passionate about and it's going to benefit you at least i hope it does i am so passionate about this now like this is huge i think if you want to be successful in a business you have to immerse yourself into it that has to be the angel be all like my whole lifestyle is horses this isn't just oh i walk out and ride my horses all day and like this is just fun no i am hardcore in this like it's my entire life i live sleep eat breathe horses from a lifestyle standpoint a business standpoint a passion standpoint everything so i think i just have the perfect little storm that allowed me to be successful and things just unfolded the right way and if i noticed something wasn't working i corrected it or i thought of a different idea or i developed as i was going through this process so i think that's just something you have to do is be flexible about what's happening and kind of roll with the punches and be open to changing if something's not working another thing i want to bring up is don't ever let anyone tell you that you can't make money with horses and that you can't be successful in the equine industry because that is absolutely false and you absolutely can you just have to go about it in an intelligent thoughtful passionate way if you do that and if you take the right steps you can do this i was not given handouts nobody helped us with our down payment i saved my husband saved we worked our butts off to get a big deposit to put down on our farm none of us came from money so there is absolutely no excuse i've wanted this for years for decades for a decade and i got the farm when i was 26 i'm 30 now so you know i got my farm relatively young but i really had set goals and i worked really hard to make that happen and i know you can too but yeah when you're first starting out it is really easy to get discouraged just for multiple things sometimes people can be difficult in the industry or any industry so you know there's always going to be stressful times and all i'm saying is you just have to think through it logically and try your best to just push through and know that there's always going to be things that come up and there's things that are going to be successful and fail within the business as well and that's okay things aren't going to go perfect at first they're hard it's blood sweat and tears like there's a lot that goes into being in the equine industry so you just have to keep that in mind and when you're feeling down on yourself just know that you will get through this by either making a change or just kind of going through a process and everything will work out you definitely want to have your contracts in place you want to have a liability release if you have leasers you want to have lease agreements acknowledgement forms of any of your policies in that you have equestrian liability signs posted so you want to think about all of that too when it comes down to your equestrian business so that you're covered and i highly recommend having a lawyer look over your forms to make sure that they're legally binding and to proofread them another thing when it comes down to your taxes you can hire an accountant or for financial advice or recommendations that's also something to really take in consideration as well especially if your business is growing so again my business started really small and now i've grown to make around six figures so i'm just sharing that with you so that you understand that you really can be successful when it comes down to it and that i started super itty bitty tiny from nothing ground zero like our deposit was our entire savings so i'm just saying that you guys understand because just so many people just say oh i don't have any money i can't do it well neither did i neither did we it takes time but if you're smart about it and you are driven then you can do this i work a lot like you're not doing the nine to five like you're not working you know just like 40 hours a week i am constantly thinking about my business my horses like their wellness like my program like it's just it's like an immersion of like my life and my business like i said before so just understand like i think that's part of how it's why it's worked for me is because i'm just so into it but i love it it's not daunting for me you know and and also i just want to say it make sure you give yourself breaks because you don't want to get burnt out either i think it's really important to make sure that you do things that are important to you and that you do some self-care too yeah so that's really important as well okay so i really hope that this video was valuable to you and that it helps you and then it gives you a little bit of an idea of what you can do to start a successful equestrian business if you have any questions you can drop a comment in the description below or you're welcome to reach out and email me my email is in the description too if you have any other requests on anything more specific that you would like to hear go ahead send me an email or drop me a comment below or you know just anything if you want to vent or talk i'm happy to help out whatever you might need i also want to say that i have opened an equestrian merchandise store um another part of my business so that link is in the description all of the purchases go right back into my horses some of them are rescues auctions project horses and everything goes right back into them and my farm so there's some really cute stuff so if you want to check that out it's in the link below buy something free spirit equestrian and represent okay horse lovers i'm gonna get going it was really great talking with you hope you enjoyed this video see you next time bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @bobbik966 [6 likes]: FABULOUS. 
I had a small training business for about 7-8 years, this was about 8 yrs ago. I got alittle burnt out, hubby had a sudden health issue, medical bills swamped us so I closed my business.  We were renting an old, run down farm anyway, now we have our own place, wasnt set up for horses at all. We have 26 acres, built a nice 12x 24 shed row, a pasture,  and I'm seriously considering going back into training.  9-5 job punching a clock isn't for me, and my passion is being wasted. I will be 50 this year, and have been so incredibly discouraged,  but finding your video here gives me hope! I had alot of repeat clients,  people still ask me to train their horses, I miss it so much! I need guidance as to how to go about finding the right agricultural or equine mortgage company to finance my start up, or my RE-START, lol....I have to have an indoor arena, we are in northern MN, weather is unpredictable.  I had no such facilities at the old place, just a portable round pen. I gotta have proper facilities this time around, lol..... any tips/direction is greatly appreciated! ❤
  2. @Alainahorsewild [1 likes]: I don't own any horses, but could you give me some hints on good ways of making money early in life. I really want to buy my own horses, but the thought of lots of schooling and costs makes me nervous. I would also like to find jobs with horses but I don't know exactly how to reach out to people. Could you also talk about savings and investing?
  3. @hallhv01 [1 likes]: Dang.  I'm 47.  My husband and I make over 300k. Zero debt. We fully own our home we bought in 2005.  We have a net value of several million.   We are still 3 years away from affording  7 figure figure property which will be 5 acres and an outdoor, maybe 3 stalls.  I'm super curious how a 10 acre farm was bought at 26 years old.   Do you have retirement savings?
  4. @RanchyRapunzel [1 likes]: This video was very helpful and encouraging, I’m currently in the middle of trying to get my training business started and it is DAUNTING I live it but I’m kinda stuck😂 how do you go about the liability real ease stuff? Like can I just get a form off google or do I HAVE to go to an attorney to get one written up?
  5. @Rosequarts-ICEOUT: I’m so sorry if this is a rude question but how much did your property cost
  6. @SwetaKothari-s8x: I would like to become an Equestrian Model. Any tips for getting started in Equestrian Modelling?
  7. @xmahdi1277: Try getting helpers from tunisia 
They are very experienced 
Affordable 
Heavy duty (they do everything and anything you want) 

I am from Kuwait, I am in the same exact business as you. 
Let me know if youre interested
  8. @HarrietsHorsies: I love how open and inspiring you are ❤
  9. @CrimeHorses: Great video! I love horses and want to own a barn in the future, but I really like going out for a couple days into the nature for a trail and i was wondering if its even possible to just forget about the barn and get vacation for like a week! And if You can, who do You give the responsibility of managing everyting to? (Sorry if my english is bad its not my first language (; )
  10. @lyndsey1436: How did you go about opening a store like you did ?? I love horse  been riding sence i was 6 year old and trying to keep saveing for a property.  Just need alittle more on how tobset up a store and i love to come up with ideas for horses and products  just dont how or where to start with it
  11. @ThatCountryGirl-25: What is up with the hair 😂😂😂
  12. @AtkaNova: Are you also a certified coach?
  13. @Flawless61: How much time will it take to just recover the cost of the property.
  14. @Jaw-c: This is a serious inspiration for me ❤
  15. @SecretTarget: This was extremely inspiring and helpful!  Thank you!
  16. @ChicagoFaucet.etc.: I wanted to run my plan by you to get your opinion.  I want to breed and sell horses, and also do light horse-riding tours.  I plan on buying about 40 acres in a remote location where there is just a dirt road a couple miles from a busy highway.  The property might not even have utilities (which I have to figure something out about those).  This kind of property I could get for about $500 an acre, and it would be primitive.  I'm looking at undeveloped land that I can grow on.

But, my niche market is going to be selling very affordable horses.  Not show or racing horses.  Probably Appaloosa pony breeds.  My marketing would be set up so that you could buy a good basic horse from me for about the same price as an ATV.  I would include a basic saddle so that the customer could ride their new horse off the property if they wanted to.  For the tours, I would set up a standard schedule for those, and market them in different creative ways.

So, I have to worry about structures, water, and food.  I plan on growing hay and straw right on the property, and using the horses themselves in helping to harvest that hay and straw.  I could use any advice, though.  I thank you for anything that you could provide.
  17. @thecuttingsark5094: Step 1. Marry a rich man
  18. @ashleynicole9596: Thank you so much for sharing your experince. I want to start my own business but I had no idea where to start. You have really helped give me the keys to sit down and begin planning what I want for my equine buisness. Keep it up and thank you for your inspiration.
  19. @DesignsbyKali2025: I wanna open up a boarding business for horses what one is best to look at to protect me?
  20. @dawnhartzell2629: Thank you. Great info!

- HOW TO CARE FOR A HORSE (Complete Guide): Kind: captions Language: en hey everyone so today i'm gonna give you a crash course on all the basic information you need in order to care for a horse so whether you're buying a horse for the first time or maybe you're just starting to get into lessons and you just like to know how you care for a horse this is a great place to start so if you are getting a new horse why don't you comment below and just let me know some more information about your horse and what you plan to do with them and as always be sure to like this video and subscribe to our channel [Music] so the first point we're going to talk about is what your horse eats so your horse may eat a few different things the main thing they're going to eat is grass so grass is a horse's natural diet in the wild so it's the thing that they need most of ideally your horse's main sustenance will come from grass and the reason that is is because there's lower sugar content compared to grain so it's better for them and they're made to be eating all day and so grass has that abundance to where they could be grazing all day as they need to so there are different types of grasses that your horse will eat and some grasses have more sugar than others that's just something if you want to know more you can research some horses can get super fat off of grass these horses are called easy keepers meaning they don't need that much sustenance in order to stay a healthy weight tucker here is an easy keeper he stays pretty much the same no matter what he's on so that's pretty nice so the next main thing your horse may eat is hay so hay is basically just dried grass and there are many different types of hay there's alfalfa hay timothy grass and the list goes on so you can sustain your horse's diet with hay we feed it in the winter just because the grass dies off and so the horses need that forage if you are stalling your horse or maybe your horse is injured so they have to be kept in a stall you will want to provide the horse with hay and this way they can just have that food because you know horses are used to eating all day and so hay gives them the opportunity to constantly be munching instead of just eating grain which they eat in you know five minutes and then they're done if you're going to be purchasing hay it's important that you purchase horse quality hay horses and cows are different so they can digest different things cows can pretty much eat anything and they're fine horses on the other hand there are a few things they can't digest as well as cows so you want to make sure you're getting horse quality hay we one time got hay and it unfortunately wasn't the best quality and it had this thing called fox tail in it and the fox tail is like a thistle almost and it completely ripped up tucker's mouth and so that's just one example of how you need the horse quality hay and you need to even check that horse quality hay for things like foxtail and other weeds that may damage your horse's mouth or not be good for them to digest so many people also like to feed their horses grain when it comes to feeding grain it's important to feed grain that will benefit your horse's diet and your horse's overall health so in my personal opinion not every horse needs grain grain can be high in sugar and it's just unnatural for the horse to digest because horses are used to getting natural sugars from grass compared to grain that has a high amount of sugar that being said some horses do need to sustain their weight with grain it just is up to really the horse's needs so this is a great thing to talk to your vet about and they'll be happy to guide you in the direction of what your horse needs to eat so your horse might not even need grain for the longest time i didn't feed my horse any grain and they stayed fat and happy just off of grass so if you're working your horse hard every day or you have a rigorous routine supplementing their diet with grain may be beneficial and there's also supplements you can give them with that like electrolytes that can help them you know retain their water and things like that so my horse tucker keeps his weight well he is an easy keeper that's what we call him so he just gets really imbalanced here that balances out minerals in his body and that just helps him be more healthy and so if you have a fat horse that's one option you can choose but like i said always talk to your vet and they'll be happy to guide you in the direction you need to go when it comes to feeding your horse so another thing your horse is going to need in order to survive is water so horses need between 5 to 10 gallons of water a day so you want to make sure that they have enough water to get them through their day if your horse is out in the field with other horses you want to make sure you have a water bin that will be able to hold enough water for all of them so one thing to note is in the winter water buckets can freeze even the water buckets kept installed so it's important that you make sure the water is staying unfrozen you can get water heaters for these or you can even try some things like there's a bunch of different home remedies and natural remedies you can try to keep the water from freezing over that aside it's just very important that your horse stays hydrated if they're not hydrated they can colic and that can lead to more health issues and even death sadly so it's important that you make sure your horse has adequate water and that they have access to it and they know where it is so we've talked about what to feed your horse now let's talk about some options for where to keep them so naturally horses are out in the wild and they're free to roam wherever they go and they are constantly moving throughout the day even if you sit and watch a horse race you'll notice that they're never really standing still for too long they're always moving and so naturally a horse needs to be out and able to move this is why it's important that they have a turnout so that they're not kept in a style 24 7. so for me personally i like my horses to be out in the field 24 7 just so they can move as they need to and that they can graze the whole day and that they can eat hay and all that stuff if your horse is out 24 7 it's important that they have adequate shelter from the elements just like a running shed or you can even bring them into a stall if there's going to be really bad weather i feel like this is a really tall stall door yeah you do too so the next option is you can keep your horse in a stall stalls can provide your horse with good shelter out of the elements on days where there's bad weather and it can also just be a way they can stand inside and get a fan blown on them or something like that when it comes to deciding whether or not you want to keep your horse in the stall it's important to remember that a horse's natural habitat is out in the wild where they can roam so keeping them in a stall is kind of the opposite of what they're used to this is just important to remember because some horses can get stocked up legs if they're standing for too long in a stall or it can cause their joints to lock up so this is just a very important thing to be aware of and to know when it comes to deciding where you want to keep your horse you can always consult a vet and get guidance from them about this as well if your horse does live in a stall it's important that they get turnout at least once a day a lot of people rotate their horses so the horse will be in the stall for 12 hours a day and then turned out for the other 12 hours like at night or something but it's important that that horse does get exercise and get movement to maintain their health if your horse is in a stall because they're injured you can hand walk your horse so just lead them around so they can get that exercise and be moving so another thing to note is if you're keeping your horse in a stall it's important that the stall gets cleaned out at least once a day and the reason for this is if your horse is standing in their own waist for too long that can cause some serious health problems with their feet so that's something to know and it's important to keep your horse's stall clean and nice for them to live in so the next thing we're going to talk about is making sure your horse is getting exercise so if your horse has turnout that's a great way for them to get just natural exercise by moving throughout their day but there are other ways you can make sure your horse is staying healthy and getting the exercise they need so one way by doing this is the most obvious is by riding them riding is great exercise for your horse another thing you can do is lunge them and this is a great way to work them without having to ride so maybe if the weather's bad for whatever reason if you can't ride this is a great option for working your horse so just some things to remember there if your horse isn't getting good exercise this can cause you know their joints to get stiff or their legs to stock up and just some bad health problems they're getting fat and stuff like that so you want to make sure your horse does have good exercise so there are certain things about your horse's health that will need daily attention and one of those aspects is your horse's feet so the horse's feet are very important to your horse's body not only is your horse walking on them 24 7 but they also help with your horse circulating things through their body so you want to make sure your horse's feet are staying healthy because it can really be bad for them if their hoof is injured or something goes bad and they're not able to stand on it or put weight on it or it's not able to help with the circulation of the horse's blood so the best way to care for your horse's feet is just to simply clean them out on a daily basis this allows you to check for rocks or other debris that may be stuck in their hooves you can also check your horse's hooves for damage or maybe something that doesn't look quite right uh like thrush or maybe an abscess so you can just tell that they're sore so we actually have a whole video about how to clean a horse's hoof so we'll put the link in the description just so you can see how to do it and you can use that information if you need it so just how we need our fingernails clipped on a regular basis horses need their hooves trimmed on a regular basis so this is one important thing to know is if you own a horse this is something that you're also going to have to invest in how often you need your horse's hoofs trimmed can vary just depending on the climate you live in and also the specific time of year so where i live in the winter it gets dry and so the horse's hose won't grow as fast and they're not stumping the way it flies so then they can go a longer period of time without needing their hooves trimmed in the summer when it's really wet and they're constantly stomping at flies they're going to need their feet trimmed more often just because the hooves are going through more trauma and they're also absorbing all that water which is going to help them grow faster with all this in mind horses usually need their hose trimmed every four to eight weeks so if it's a particularly bad summer where it's raining a ton the horses are just absorbing water into their feet they're stomping it flies i'll get tucker looked at every four weeks on the other hand in the winter if it's dry and it's slowed down it'll be about every eight weeks another thing to note when it comes to the farrier is whether or not your horse will need shoes so i personally don't put shoes on my horse unless i absolutely need to like if they need corrective shoeing or something like that however there are times where the horse will just need shoes they may have really soft and fragile feet or they may be competing a lot and so they need that extra support so that their hoof isn't constantly you know being traumatized when it hits the ground so that's something you need to talk to your farrier about or talk to your vet about and they'll be able to guide you in the right direction so let's talk about the equipment you'll need to perform basic horse care for your horse so the first thing you're going to need and most obvious is a halter that goes on your horse's head and a lead rope this is just so you can catch them and lead them around tie them up all that good stuff so another thing you're going to need is brushes and this is just to keep your horse clean and a hoof pick to pick out their hooves and brushing your horse is something you'll probably do on a daily basis so it's important that you have this stuff so if you want a rundown of all the different brushes you can have for a horse we have a video on how to groom a horse where we go through all of that so i'll put the link in the description so some other stuff you may want to have on hand when it comes to owning a horse is just basic medical supplies this can include like leg bandages gauze certain ointments and medications now for some optional things that you may want but your horse doesn't necessarily need a fly spray a fly mask any fly products to keep the flies off of your horse flies can be such a nuisance to your horse and so just to keep your horse comfortable you can use those pieces of equipment another thing i highly recommend getting for your horse even if you don't plan on blanketing them in the winter is a horse blanket so something that would cover them in the winter if they get cold there's a lot of controversy about whether or not you should blanket your horse in the winter and to me it really just depends on the horse so tucker here i've seen him in like the worst weather possible and he's fine he's just like okay whatever on the other hand i had another horse so it would be like 50 degrees and rainy and she would be shivering so for example she would get blanketed basically once it hit 50 because she would she was kind of a wimp about the cold it's important that you watch your horse and see how they handle the cold to decide whether or not they need a blanket i do have my blanket on hand so if there is going to be really bad weather i will put the blanket on him just for peace of mind and also just to give him that protection so if you plan on riding the horse you're going to own it's important that you have tax to do so so you're going to want a saddle a girth a helmet saddle blankets you know a bridle all that stuff so you can ride your horse and have fun it's also important to remember when you go to purchase your horse purchasing your horse isn't the only expense you're going to have you're going to need to buy that tag and tech can sometimes be expensive so once you buy tack it's also important that you keep it maintained so it can last a long time this means you can clean and shampoo your leather pieces of tack and this will help you know make their life last longer and also make them more flexible so that they can deal with stress a lot more if your saddle or your girth or something like that gets wet it can dry out the leather and it can become cracked it can also be a potential safety hazard if you don't keep your tack maintained strip leathers can break pieces of the bridle can break if you want to maintain your safety as a rider it's very important that you check your tack on your regular basis and also take care of it properly so now that we've covered all the essential and optional supplies for caring for your horse i've linked some down in the description so go check those out as a horse owner it's also important to stay on top of your horse's medical needs so this means having a vet's contact info on hand if you need it it also means being able to recognize when your horse does need medical attention so this means being able to recognize out of the ordinary behavior from your horse that may demonstrate that they need attention right now so this can look like a horse being a little bit more frantic than usual lying down standing up laying down standing up maybe your horse has a running nose and they just seem down so just being able to recognize things like this and when your horse may need medical attention another thing to stay on top of is your horse's regular medical needs this means shots they'll need shots deworming teeth floating and getting their coggins test so all these things are stuff that they're going to need done regularly usually on a biannual or an annual basis so for more specifics on this i've linked an article in the description below that you can check out when it comes to getting a new horse it's important that you have an experienced horse person that you can trust and go to if you need help one of the most frustrating and overwhelming things about having a horse is that the horse world is so vast that you don't know everything and so it can be really stressful if you're in a situation and you don't know what to do so having that experienced horse person whether it's your instructor or your trainer that you can go to and talk to can help you work through that situation i want to thank you guys for watching if you found this video helpful please be sure to give it a thumbs up and subscribe to our channel for more weekly horse videos you

  Top Comments:
  1. @MaddietheFutureNurse [1 likes]: I keep my horses in their stall from 10:00 p.m. to 5:30 a.m. because we have predators that attacked one of my horses. The rest of the them they have 12 acres of fenced pasture to graze
  2. @Kromekick: why he moving his leg?
  3. @amelian.millions: I do petsittings and this guy has 4 horses
  4. @_dont.fw.sam_: Can someone explain to me what turnout means 🥹
  5. @joydharan3860: Hi ! yes I am planning to buy a horse and I want to learn deeply how to care them . Please do a video about how a stable made most comfortable and healthy for my sweet kid horse
  6. @Dreamcat202: I need help on knowing on what to buy for the horse I’m getting because I’m going to be boreding them
  7. @LeahOConnor29: I work at a barn and I just want to learn about general signs of health and general information on horses overall health and what to look for
  8. @JakeCharlieGames: Just started watching love the videos they help a lot
  9. @seanpavani8251: How long is it ok to leave a wet blanket on my horse
  10. @albibennett5735: My horse is in a stable at night and in the morning he goes outside because our stable is outside so we just have to open  the door and then he can do out but we leave the stable door open so he can go in if he wantsv❤
  11. @kilIstation: How to care for a horse: 

Have money
  12. @RawTangerine: my gf played umamusume once, and now i am here
  13. @Jesuslives770: I been feeding my neighbors horses for over a year now. The owners are elderly and don't get  out much! And I'm attached to the horse now 💝and they need attention and friendship. I don't know exactly what to do besides talk to them a few minutes feed and go. Can you help me?? 3:16
  14. @EricaBoisvert-h3s: Thank you!  My husband surprised me with a sweet quarter horse, he’s 16 and was a Texas Prison horse. Plan to trail ride and ride the dirt roads around our land. This is super helpful, thank you!
  15. @homegrownjourney: Considering a mare we can milk since I have two family members with dairy allergies. Ive been around horses some growing up because I’ve always dreamed of having one but never owned my own!
  16. @JimmyThee.Ticklemonster: Umamusume has brought me to strange places
  17. @rocusyalie274: Damn you are pretty too
  18. @jodiedeane9253: I'm getting a horse that my cousin had called lenghy
  19. @santhosh.m9660: 9:04  hero entry right there
  20. @BevStrickland-e7t: Good job, girl!!!!

- Groundwork for Horses - The First Thing I Teach: Kind: captions Language: en Hi it's Josie and I'm here today to show you one thing that you need to teach your horse to get him to do anything for you and by the end of this video I'm going to give you 3 exercises to put this into place that will help you have a horse that is a lot more responsive and a lot more respectful when you are handling him. After starting nearly 200 horses under saddle I can tell you that this is the one thing that I start every horse with be it a young foal or an old horse or a problem horse coming here and it's something I use if I get horses coming for re-education just to check to see I where I can start and are they responsive. So if you like my advice please subscribe to the channel, and hit the bell so you notified every Friday when I post a new video. Let's get on with it So The first thing I teach a horse is how to give to pressure now stay with me here no eye-rolling there it really is the one thing that you need and you can get your horse to do absolutely anything for you if he understands that. Horses in the very beginning will often push into pressure not move away from pressure that is just nature and in the very beginning working with a horse that I'm starting under saddle in the round yard the pressure is just my body pressure on the horse in the round yard but that moves on to be rope pressure as the training progresses and that's where I want to start today so you need to get yourself a good rope halter, webbing halters will not cut it here I'm sorry it's like trying to knot with crowbars ok the horse learns, and this is the other thing and I will repeat this through it, the horse actually learns from the release of the pressure it's not what you put it on that you are putting it on it's when you release it that your horse learns OK so webbing halters are just, they don't have the finesse that a rope halter does so if you would like to have a look up here I will link you with my rope halter demo so you can get in and make sure that that's ok I want this horse to give to pressure it's the first thing I'm going to teach him (laughing) sorry, Spider! is to drop his head so the horse has a very soft spot up here on the poll ok and that is where the pressure of the top of the halter here is going to go and all you need to do with your horse is get some get your rope and just put some downward pressure and he should follow the feel of the pressure. I'm sorry he wants to play with my hand Spider stop it Spider you are not the best model for this because you keep playing with my hand so downward, Stop Kabooby, so downward pressure and he will just drop his head My horses have all been trained to do this, OK So I want you to think about being like fence post I was talking to a girl I was teaching today If I tied this rope onto a fence post and Spider pulled back on it the second he let go the rope is given, the pressure is given. If he put, If I tied him onto a fence post that could pull, he was pulling and the fence was pulling when he gives the see the rope isn't given when if it's a fence post the rope is given so they talk about timing and feel and that's all good but you can just remember not to pull but to be a fence post you won't have to worry about timing and feel the horses have it. If you have a difficult horse your horse is pulling back against the pressure when you are trying to put downward pressure just try and hold I lock my elbow into myself and set my core and I just hold until the horse gives OK even if he lifts you up try and keep the pressure on until the split second he gives some horses that are stubborn not so much pulling back but that they won't give you actually can rock your hand a bit and the horse will give as you use a bit of rhythm. So that's just, you can use that to get your horses head down here when I'm plaiting Spiders mane, if I want to trim his ears up a bit, if I want to put my bridle on my halter on ok so that is one way that you can use the horse to give to pressure another way is to get him to walk backwards so I'm just going to put my hand on here and he he's actually pretty good at going backwards yes there's hardly, there is a slight feel on the but you can see that there is hardly any Spider is a sensitive soul anyway so he is one of those horses that I have to be a little bit gentle with. You can also use pressure as I said in the round yard on a young horse for me I teach them with myself in the round yard I can just use my pressure of my body and because he stepped backward I stopped and released the pressure Ok so it's the release of the pressure that lets the horse learn he has done the right thing so so I will just use this and if he doesn't get out of my way I will increase the pressure and the minute he is out of the way I relax and I will just ask him to go back and because he did I release the pressure I hope you can actually see that in the video. One other way that you can use this is to teach your horse to follow the feel of the rope OK or to give to pressure in because you will see in a minute I will take the rope and be pulling forward, he needs to follow it this is a way I can teach young horses to lunge when you don't have a round yard actually. I take this rope and take the feel of it this way he needs to follow the feel I"m going to go out of view here for a minute but that's ok So I want him to give to pressure so the pressure is coming forward and he's just giving and staying in front of it This is absolutely how you can teach a horse to start your horse under saddle. So my horses are all trained in this so it is quite difficult to show you one that doesn't want to do it but see just a tiny bit of pressure and my and he drops his head but I will just go through the same work because there are some things going back with Rebel see there already I've got pressure on and he hasn't given at all he is just leaning on that so I hold the pressure there because he has to go back if I want to teach him I might use a bit of that and then release so that was just a bit of a thumb into the chest. He needs to yeah that's better he just needs a gentle reminder sometimes, he's like that naughty kid that just goes " I don't want to do it" but now yeah there's just pressure release, pressure release, pressure release and I watch their feet I don't watch the horse OK I don't care what he is doing with his head I want him to move his feet cause this is going backwards so we will try again pressure release ok so I didn't release that until he picked up this right front and left hind pressure release pressure release Ok so it's all remember the release is what teaches the horse he's not as he couldn't care about my body language so and I just did a naughty thing then I stepped back after he didn't move so I cause I want my rope cause I'm going to ask him to go back because I would like him to go back from a bit of body pressure. good boy. That feels to me personally too much pressure like I want him to be softer than that. Following the feel of the rope he should be, I was going to say he should be quite good because I do lunge him so he's just following a light feel there Woah there you go two different horses OK I will pop under this video a link to a short guide I've written with three principles that I keep in mind whenever I'm training a horse (horse snorts) Thank you, and it doesn't matter if it's a young horse old horse well trained or a beginner horse they are very good basic principles and I would love to share it with you. It's free just click on the link, download it and I'd love for you to let me know in the comments what you think of what we've done today. Don't forget if you like my video give us a thumbs up hit the subscribe button and hit the bell so that you get notified every Friday when I put out a new video See you next week

  Top Comments:
  1. @dchris7885 [21 likes]: I liked that you showed Spider goofing off with his mouth. It's realistic with what so many of us deal with.
  2. @rodolfolassalle1907 [1 likes]: Hi great tips. I love your video and your recommendations.  Thanks
  3. @PinayinUSA2024: This looks so simple. I hope my Horse will listen and not kick me. I worry about the kick.
  4. @Leikur5: My barn owner taught me 2:30  this and can now go into trot without high head and he struggles a lot with the head so it works!😄
  5. @shahntellebotha1542: Your training really helped me a lot. keep up the good work!!!!🎉❤
  6. @shahntellebotha1542: Wow! Thank you!
  7. @KingsMom831: Back for more Spider content.🥹
Really missing this guy. 😔
Josie, I hope your kitty is feeling better.
  8. @davidcatchpole2227: yes, you need to show us with a difficult course. Personally, I teach to stand still before I do pressure and release exercises
  9. @jstar9819: Trainer: I'll make sure you be a good boy and do all the tricks
Horse: All I care about is nibbling your hand and annoy you
  10. @kimberlysmiley316: Thank you, he is so adorable by the way❤❤❤
  11. @tothrenata9817: Doesn't work any of this pressure and realise with my 2 y old colt he doesn't understand "pressure" can someone help me please?
  12. @roxanne7157: You make everything very clear and understandable.
  13. @cindyf3664: My horse is trained to ride his ground manners are not there which I didn't know before purchase long story. He drags me on the ground even in rope halter when he wants to and I don't have a round pen
  14. @crinanthethane9386: The audio is abrasive to my ears.
  15. @Freemelon07: I don't even own a horse, why am I watching this?

I just love horses. Playing Red Dead Redemption 2 has made me love them even more. I have no problem killing enemies, but NEVER their horse.
  16. @blubbclips: the end had me rolling
  17. @NickoyLawrence-u4n: Thanks alot this was very helpful.
  18. @mahmudaharis9946: That is not a horse.. it just pretend to be horse lol
  19. @hannahbananah7178: I’ve been training my first horse (grew up riding but never trained) and I’ve been enjoying your videos so much. Extremely detailed and informative. Thank you!!
  20. @KatjaKillingsworth: why does everyone use trained horses to show training. So useless!

- How to Manage a Young, Green Horse at the Horse Show: Junior's First Show!: Kind: captions Language: en hi guys Amelia Newcomb here thank you so much for watching please don't forget to give me a thumbs up if you like this video and also subscribe today I am giving you some tips for how to deal with a young or a green horse in a new situation so whether it's at a horse show or at a clinic or the first trip away from home it can be like really unnerving when you take your horse away from home the first time and you have no idea how they're gonna be so comment below let me know if you have this experience sometimes they're good away from home and sometimes they're worse I would say most of the time they're a little bit worse and it because they are tense and nervous in a new situation their bad habits can be exacerbated so last weekend I was at the California judge Society championships up in Rancho Murieta which was super fun I also got to meet a lot of you guys a lot of my viewers which was super fun I had a bunch of people come up and tell me how much they enjoyed the videos and I'm just so grateful to all of you it's so nice to hear that the videos are helping you guys and inspiring you and giving you information not just like it makes me so happy I can't even tell you so let's get into it also please if you haven't yet sign up for my email list I have really good emails that kind of just supplement these videos I'll put the link down below there I took my two kind of seasoned show horses Harvey and Gatsby and they were in the FBI levels and then I also took a young horse that actually belongs to my mom and put him in the four year old fraternity so we called him too near and it was his actually his first horse show ever and I was a little uncertain how it was gonna go you know I was kind of like well it could go either way either he's gonna be really good he's gonna be really bad you just don't know how you go so I'm gonna give you a few tips for how I handled this young horse in a new situation so my first tip is to keep to the same routine that you have with your horse at home so with jr. because he's a young horse and he's for usually I lunge him before I get on him so I did the same thing at the horse show I got him out I put the sirens on and when I lunge him you know it's about working it's about getting him in a working frame of mind so I put him to work I put the side reins on like yes I wanted to get his bucks and his plays out but I also don't want him to get totally worked up so I put the side reins on I kept him focused with me I also do like a little yielding turn on the forehand kind of work from the ground before I get on him then once I get on him again I stick to the same routine that I have at home so and the other thing that's super important is right away I was putting him to work it wasn't like I was just like walking around on a loose rein letting him look around and see everything right away I put him to work I got him on the bit got him forward and moving around the arena I usually try to especially with a green horse like him because he doesn't always steer that well I tried to find kind of like a quieter place where there wasn't so much traffic where I could at least get started and kind of see what I had going for me so that's the first tip is just to stick to your routine your normal routine the second tip I have is to just really try to even though you're nervous like everyone's gonna be nervous when they're on a young horse or a horse that they've never taken away from home and you just you have no idea if they're gonna keep it together if they're gonna completely explode and like try and dump you you just don't know so I consciously am like reminding myself okay sit back take a deep breath pet him like even when I was in the test in the show ring I was him I was rewarding him I was telling him good boy when he was doing the right thing because he was he was such a good boy at the show but you know I could feel he was a little bit like what are we doing here you know he's a little bit nervous there's a lot going on so just to remember to calm yourself down and also give your horse confidence so another thing that I do with the horses that I have that are young or nervous and you know I'm all about like yes you need to expose your horses and they need to get used to everything and you don't want to over protect them but I found that sometimes the the soundproofing ear bonnets can be really really helpful for horses at horse shows especially if your horse is noise sensitive so these are this is an example this is what they look at this one's made by equestrian Stockholm but a lot of companies make them so basically what they are is like the ear is padded with this material so it kind of just like muffles the sounds I mean the horse can still hear but it just makes everything a little bit less shocking to them so at the show with Junior I had those um these soundproofing bonnet on him and it just kind of helped to like mellow everything out so that there weren't such sharp sharp sounds that could startle him and again it's not something that you want to like get used to as a crutch you definitely want to expose your horse and get your horse calm but if you watch the like the upper FBI levels a lot of those horses and the freestyles they have these bonnets on because I think it just helps the horses stay a little bit more relaxed and not be so overstimulated by the sounds at the horse show another tip which is like more specific to showing is that it's really hard when you're have a young horse or a horse that you haven't shown a lot to know how much time you need to warm up so how I kind of try to gauge this is I try and gauge with um how much time I normally ride the horse at home so for junior because he's four and he's green and he's doing training level I really usually have only on him for thirty minutes at the most so at the show I didn't really want to ride him for longer than that basically I tried to figure in that I was gonna lunge him for about ten minutes and then warm him up for about 15 to 20 minutes and then go in and show him like the worst thing is with a young horse if you have too much time and either one of two things happens either you're walking around for a long time and you totally lose their focus and they're like what are we doing here and then they can get naughty just because you're not doing anything or you end up being just having no horse by the time you get in the ring so this is a really hard thing is to kind of gauge that right like where you have your horse relaxed enough at your Showtime but not overly tired and so with junior obviously this was his first show the first day he did two classes and the second test he was like perfect the second day he had one class and by the time I got in the ring he was a little tired so I'll show you a little clip in here he like in one of my Kanner's he picked it up late because like I asked for canter and it was just I could feel like he was hind and was tired he didn't want to do it and then also the second time I asked for canter again he was a little not quite with me and I actually put in an extra circle so another thing that I think is really important with your horses when you take them away for the first time is you want to make it a positive experience like that's so important and for junior at this show you know my biggest goal in the show ring was to give him confidence and to make it a good experience so yeah comment below let me know what strategies you guys use if you have any tips that you can share with people for how to handle the horse at a new situation or away from home but definitely you know the more that when you take your horse away from home the more the you're able to just stick to the same routine ride the same like you do at home and you know certainly at home make sure that your you've got your ducks in a row that you've got your horse on the ADEs and listening and with you before you go away from home because it will be worse when you go away from home but it's also really good to get your horse on a new property at a show and kind of in a new situation so that you can build that confidence and get out there and show I hope this video helped you guys again please like and leave me a comment it really helps me and thanks so much for watching we had a great weekend I'll put in some clips here of my older horses Harvey and Gatsby Gatsby is eight this year he did the precinct George and the I won and Harvey is seven he did the fourth level both of these horses I've had since they were four and you know the first season of showing them was a little rough you know because you just they're unpredictable young horses you don't really know how they're gonna handle it but you know just keep at it keep taking them to shelves because now that Gatsby and Harvey are seven and eight like I trust them they trust me we have a good relationship away from home I can take them in a new ring and they're with me so you know do you've just got to kind of like get through those first few ventures away from home and get your confidence get your horses confidence and really just get your horse understanding that when you go to the show it's the same thing as at home that they have to stay on the ADEs they stay with you they stay focused the same routine and sometimes like at least I find that my horses are actually better away from home because they trust me and they look to me for that support in a new and uncomfortable situation so thanks so much for watching guys I really appreciate it all your support [Music] Wow [Applause] you

  Top Comments:
  1. @AmeliaNewcombDressage [5 likes]: What strategies do you use with your horse at a new place? Has your horse surprised you with being better (or worse 😩) than you expected away from home?
  2. @lynking0419 [5 likes]: hi.. I'm jayden.
 I am also learning horseback riding and your explanation is helpful.
Where are you? I'm in Korea.
If I have a chance, I want to get an education from you.

I have a competition, so I am taking training in jumping these days
I will watch your video well.
 I hope your YouTube will prosper, too.
  3. @elizabethengland3197 [1 likes]: Thank you Amelia - another wonderful video.  You are always so generous with your honesty and proving really helpful tips.  Having that trust with my horse is everything.  I found that practicing good breathing techniques and patterns is hugely helpful.  I recommend the book "Breath, New Science of a Lost Art" by James Nestor.  What an amazing read, specifically about the importance of nasal vs. mouth breathing.  Always so happy when an email/video from you pops up!
  4. @suetye9850 [1 likes]: So nice to hear all your tips and what you are dealing with and sharing this with your followers. Makes so much sense and is very helpful as I go through the same.
  5. @patriciasaul9544 [1 likes]: THANKS!!!!!
  6. @laurawetaski3186 [1 likes]: Super advise.  Very timely at this time of year!
  7. @cindynoble2037 [1 likes]: The bonnet with ear muffling is great...first time seeing that...thank you, Amelia xo
  8. @mercedessilverberg1907 [1 likes]: Amelia you are my inspiration! Thank you for all you do.
  9. @gg3596 [1 likes]: Amelia’s equitation is impeccable!
  10. @patsmythe [1 likes]: Super informative and lovely riding, thank you.
  11. @bettybeebe6785 [1 likes]: Beautiful riding, Amelia!
  12. @shirleybroady [1 likes]: This video was cheerful and positive and gave me the lift I needed to put things in perspective.  Keep in mind the diversity of age and lifestyle of your viewers.  For instance, you bet, I want that 5 mil, but I also need another 40 years so the money wouldn't solve the problem. And if you develop that one-tempi serum, the dressage world will beat a path to your door.  Thanks for your advice and feedback.  Always welcome.
  13. @jeniferrinehart1107 [1 likes]: Beautiful horses, beautiful rider!!
  14. @samanthabohlman9100 [1 likes]: Do you have any tips/tricks/theories when it comes to lunging your horses? Specifically how do you keep track of what you’ve done on each lead? Do you track the time or count the circles? I.e. walk 1 minute vs walk two circles or another example would be trot canter transitions for 3 minutes vs doing six trot canter transitions. I hope that makes sense lol
  15. @terriedwards4820: Thank you for your tips 😊
  16. @kathrynshaw4711: Thanks Amelia,. I am travelling wth my young horse. He is so well behaved, and robably better than at home. I am very trict with his ground work and I am sure that is one of the important keys. I work him exactly the same as you do.  Yes it can be scary, as E was cut late, Anda chestnut tb..that's how the cookie  crumbled. I'm 71, not old but bold.  I love what you do for dressage people. Best wishes from Australia
  17. @lilleke013: October 2019 was our first show, for my four year old mare. It was her first trailer ride. She went in and came off the trailer like she's done it a million times. Result, one first place (70,8%) and one third place. She behaved like experienced show horse.
  18. @cindymitchell6525: I always  appreciate  your videos.
  19. @beckyfoster4428: These videos are helping so much I have started to send money.  Each video has touched on topics helpful to me with my mare.   I am going to try the ear bonnet.  Thank you for sharing your expertise.
  20. @mizmae0890: With my OTTB, when I'm getting ready for a rodeo what helps him the best is letting him eat before we perform. I think him having his head down and thinking about food helps calm and distract him. With my younger gelding, hand walking when we first arrive and moving this feet helps calm him.

- 5 Life-Saving Habits for Motorcycle Riders: Kind: captions Language: en oh hi i didn't see you there so canadians are told to cover their levers in traffic also near the timmy's drive-through and in moose country the idea is that when bullwinkle charges which he always will as far as a rider is concerned we're ready to brake fast but that can also backfire see better than covering your levers is pre-loading them take up the free play hold it on the cusp of pads touching rotors and you can save a crash but how ah funny you should ask i was just passing time by listing the waze rubber grips adhesion hysteresis viscosity and cohesion this is mostly relevant for long-term tire wear this is mostly irrelevant unless there's a thick intermediary on the road oil maple syrup etc so let's focus on the first two adhesion is the friction we know and love more grip when the tires in asphalt are sticky more again when your vehicle is heavy hence wanting weight transfer to the front wheel heavier normal force more adhesion more grip the kicker is that your suspension is damped it takes a while for the spring to compress and allow the weight transfer so when i brake fast i'm asking for adhesion that my tire doesn't yet have the normal force to achieve put simply of course most gents find it not impossible to resist jerking their lever panic breaking is by definition panicked but every reaction starts at zero if you merely cover the break your hand will be moving too fast by the time it hits the engagement point whereas if you preload to the engagement point your initial braking is physically bound to be progressive even a hand jerk reaction has to build up to its force but we haven't mentioned hysteresis and a wiser writer wouldn't because it's complex and redundant now i can't resist that let's do it rubber compresses and rebounds as it rolls over stuff like an elastic like a spring but the force you put into a tire making all the energy below this line comes back kinda sluggish like a deflated sex doll you get less out than you put in because we lose all this heat to the internal friction of the tire yay imagine rolling over the road we force compression at contact then sometime later we get the weaker rebound more goes into slowing the tire then kicking it off again which a fuel economist would call rolling resistance eraser would call it friction or grip and a physicist calls this laggy system hysteretic you see the problem when you slam the brakes we're stacking up stress faster than the rubber can shed it there's a term for when an elastic system can't get itself back to equilibrium it's it's called the glass transition your physically becomes glassy that's why our bikes can handle a load of braking force but not so much rate of force so we ease into full braking power and preloading your levers is a hacky way to do it or at least to help you do it now most of us scan left first then center then right the rationale being that if both tick-tock failed to notice a red light the one on the left would hit first fine though not if you drive on the wrong side of the road and recent scholarships suggest it's even more complicated see we always thought humans acquire targets faster in their left field of view and are more likely to miss observations on the right it's called pseudoneglect but typical scientists they only ran a few experiments in the western world before pronouncing this is how people are okay [Music] um i don't i don't i'm not it turns out that readers of right to left languages arabic hebrew have the opposite bias the university of saskatchewan ryder pride found that bilingual bi-directional readers can scan right to left as fast as they scan left to right and on top of lower search times they rarely miss anything in either field of view so the habit to make is this scan left center right then right center left first we're giving ourselves twice as long to find threats on the right as left to right readers we need that and second we're training our brains to scan in both directions thus building faster and more effective perception just like bi-directional readers and how much difference can that make well search times in that study were up to 200 milliseconds faster for bi-directional folks highway speed you're covering 33 meters per second so we're talking about stopping over six meters shorter over 20 feet over two lane widths could definitely save a crash or two now the habit for cold weather is so counter-intuitive i never thought of it this was told to me by an old motorcycle messenger in london a guy who rode all night all weather the trick when it's cold is to get colder see in wind and rain we naturally close up hunch back tighten shoulders to guard our warmth from the elements that works great for homo erectus huddling in a cave less so for homo motor cyclists the truth is that wind has little effect on modern aerodynamic bikes but when it blows the rider whose tense body translates that gus to the bars you get motorcyclists blowing off the road similarly your tires have sufficient grip on rain even snow i've written plenty and it does not immediately chuck a motorcycle to the ground only when a rider makes tight jerky inputs does a bike start sliding so in wind and rain and cold sit up loose open your chest and get colder the safest riding stance is come hither monivare so habituate that and stop frequently for hot tea how to spot a new rider watch them stop this looks shakier than alex mark has his future but this has all the false stability of jada smith's marriage and this is a whole other entanglement the habit is to bias your head leftward so you always fall onto the left foot the correct foot it keeps our brake light on via the rear brake which is safer if we get rear ended for fast collisions it makes dick all difference but consider a slow one no brake means i'm shunting forward into traffic bad front brake means the bike will immediately tuck my grip on the bar is dragging me down in front of the car very bad when a second crash is looming holding the rear gives you the best chance of the best outcome staying on your bike a bonus is that stable stops and hill starts just look smoother when dragging the rear your left foot also plants outside the car track go right foot down and you're landing in oil drip slip drop central okay the accordion effect and i saved this habit for last because its flip side is so often fatal say you and a buddy are out for a ride buddy decides to pick up the pace but it'll take you a half second to see that and follow suit so you'll need to reach a higher speed than your friend did just to catch him and if buddy then breaks you will again be breaking a half second later and from that higher velocity to those that study traffic jams it's the accordion effect unfortunately to motorcyclists here it's deadly two drivers driving pretty fast that's according to the driver that captured all of this you can see that the two bikes they bump each other tough to quantify just how dangerous this is but i tried and say rider a is doing 15 meters per second he accelerates to 30 meters per second in three seconds then sees a corner so decelerates as fast as he can from 30 back to 15 in two seconds those are reasonable accelerations for a sport bike and about 50 and 100 kph respectively so it's all very plausible and do the kinematics it works out the rider a is going to need 45 meters breaking distance before he's ready to take that corner but rider b remember his acceleration times are t not minus 0.5 since he takes a half second to see what his friend does and follows suit so he's going to hit 39 meters per second or 140 kilometers an hour just to catch up and assuming his bike can't break any faster it'll be 86 meters before he's ready to take that corner almost double almost definitely rider b is sliding through that turn this is why group riding can be incredibly dangerous those struggling to keep up are those that physics is working against i'd tell everyone to ride their own ride but we're competitive bastards so that's easier said than done a more practical habit is this when forming a group put faster riders at the back it sounds odd but the accordion effect means we can protect new motorcyclists by letting them lead thanks this is tom tom has a friend who was always inclined to be reckless as they grew up their mode of transport changed but the careless driving of tom's friend didn't improve if anything it seemed to get worse

  Top Comments:
  1. @meangreen3386 [1 likes]: deflated sex doll has me rolling.  damn
  2. @linchpin6761: Alberta plate LOL
  3. @avinashmaurya3625: You are Jeff Nippard of bike riding but funnier
  4. @FaithisKey792: Maple syrup on the road, Ryan that sh.. too funny.  Great videos.
  5. @martymartmusic: I highly do not recommend these videos for somebody starting out on a motorcycle. This kid take something simple and makes it complicated.
  6. @soulless_biker: 5:04 An additional point to perception / looking L-C-R / R-C-L i learned when i worked in a bank. When counting money, do it twice in opposite directions because you are more likely to miss the same mistake in the same direction due to your brain prioritizing "new" info over "old" info. Basically looking twice in the same pattern your brain sees most of it as "old" info and keeps looking for only "new" info, but breaking up that pattern forces your brain to create all "new" info like if that blue car driver is looking down instead of up now, or the truck in the turn lane put their tires into a U-turn position instead of just a turn, ive caught gravel in the road like that myself a few times
  7. @jasonmeadors3524: Late viewer here, but thank you for affirming why 99.5% of my riding years were spent in non-group piloting. And thank you for being hilarious.
  8. @babyyteo: very useful
  9. @ddavies1992: This comment probably wont be seen but its crazy to me as a biker from the UK that your "safety" tips are either very basic and some of them, wouldn't be reccomended by a trainer worth their salt over here.
  10. @WesOlsen-uy7ni: Love the threat display...
  11. @Catt2142: This makes me glad that I like to read Japanese manga because it's trained my eyes to read right to left.
  12. @fishfuxors: As soon as you start riding, you become invisible to drivers.
  13. @EleanoraFernanders: The best rule to stay alive on a bike  is "Everyone 's an idiot".
  14. @jimmykelly2809: Homomotorcyclist?…. Harley riders?
  15. @fido0825: Ride as though you are invisible. Have a bright colored bike, wear bright marked riding apparel, but DO NOT drag your brakes! "Pre-loading" your brakes sounds logical...except few are going to have the feel for just where that contact point begins and the result is overheated brakes & pad/disks wearing at an alarming rate! Be sure your brakes are "pumped up" (all slack taken up with fluid) & then cover the handle.
  16. @EleanoraFernanders: Ryan and  FortNine Team, you are the reason that i didnt crash in my first year of motorcycling!  
Im 35 y/o and from germany. I work in surgery with focus on trauma so i´ve seen a fair bit of bad outcomes regarding car/motorcycle crashes. 
Even tho im driving a car for over 17 years , entering traffic on a motorcycle openend a hole new set of dangerous situations (internal and external)
Prior to getting my license last year i started watching youtube videos on the topic and found this channel and boy what a goldmine of valueable and lifesaving information this is. 

Thanks to you i started motocycling with the right gear, the right mindset and with a metric ton of information and experience on how to spot/avoid situations that could have easily overwhelmed my beinnger skills and lead to desaster!
Finding a youtuber these days who is completely unbiased by any corporation is more than rare (sadly) so shine bright as one of the last beacons of true journalism :)

Thank you.
  17. @EleanoraFernanders: Does Ryan have a PHD in literally everything motorcycle related?
  18. @amisfitpuivk: I think I learned something new today. I usually think of progressive braking only for your suspension so it won’t instantly bottom out and spring you up and off traction. I forget about the damn hysteresis of the rubber. Makes sense. That tire is basically another spring to think about. Grabbing brake is gonna jam the tire down flat and it’ll want to spring back
  19. @CharleyHolland: Great advice here. I'm always on the lookout for Alberta drivers... and I live in Australia.
  20. @cartphilvalencia9459: Were competitive Basterds

- Top 7 Beginner Rider Habits to BREAK in 2024: Kind: captions Language: en everyone has bad habits biting your nails leaving the toilet seat up or mindlessly Doom scrolling social media but as motorcyclists being cognizant of your bad habits and making a concerted effort to mitigate them is crucial for Success because when riding a bike a bad habit won't just annoy your friends and family it can make the difference between a joyous ride or one destined to end in disaster having good riding habits is synchronous with having a proper Foundation upon which to build your repertoire of skills and to grow as a rider So today we're going to talk about seven beginner bike habits that are crucial to break let's get into it the first habit that is crucial for New Riders to break is improper use of the rear brake some Riders rely too heavily on the rear brake While others completely forget that it exists while it is true that your front brake is responsible for 70% of your motorcycle stopping power using the rear brake effectively can increase your overall braking ability and reduce the time it takes you to bring your motorcycle to a stop I'm a big Advocate that beginner Riders just focus on the front brake for now when riding on on the road rear brakes are nice for slow speed stuff and you can balance both of them in an emergency situation but truthfully stopping on the rear brake is a quick way to slide by using the rear brake in conjunction with the front you add stability to the motorcycle when the rear brake bites onto the brake rotor effectively slowing the rotation of the tire less momentum is forced onto the front of the motorcycle preventing front end dive and helping to keep the rear tire in contact with the pavement it's why when you come up to a stop sign you can blend front and rear brake and notice that if you do it correctly you basically get no front-end dive it's kind of cool try it out next time dragging the rear brake while slipping the clutch can all to operate your bike very smoothly at low speeds which is really helpful in parking lots and tight slow speed turns alternatively when Riders rely too heavily on the rear brake they're losing out on all of the stopping power that comes from the front this is more common amongst Cruiser riders or people that come from the dirt bike World Cruiser Riders have been known to disseminate a ton of antiquated and inaccurate information based solely on the vague anecdotes of someone who knows someone who did something one time for instance a cruiser Rider thinks that using the front brake in an emergency situation will immediately cause them to go down because someone they knew was riding out or raked out Harley and crashed after emergency breaking while trying to avoid a deer when in reality for a properly built motorcycle with normal geometry from the factory using the front brake and rear brake at the same time is best practice relying too heavily on the rear brake which cannot stop a motorcycle anywhere near as fast as the front which provides a majority of the stopping power increases your risk of locking up the back wheel as well because when exclusively using the rear braak the window of progressive braking is as follows not slowing down not slowing down not slowing down barely slowing down locked up beginners must learn to use both the front and the rear brake appropriately and in the correct situations but when in doubt the front brake is going to be your friend that's the one you should really be thinking about and be using especially in emergency situations a bad habit that many beginner Riders have is poor throttle control there are many downsides to having poor throttle control there is of course extreme examples like looping your B or losing control or whiskey throttling but those situations usually come from a complete lack of respect for the throttle and perhaps a splash of hubris but unless you weigh only 100 lb and you're riding something with over 120 horsepower it takes a lot of throttle input to have a bike just completely come out from underneath you that isn't to say it never happens or is completely impossible for a new Rider but it is an extreme outcome it is far more likely that a new Rider with bad throttle control are just going to have choppy and imprecise movements especially in low speed situations or in stop Ando traffic begin to familiarize yourself with your motorcycle's throttle response in a controlled environment some new fuel injected motorcycles can have odd quirks in the throttle response and power delivery low down so it's best to Fu these out in a lows speed situation as opposed to on a busy roadway when you start to feel comfortable with the throttle response you'll be able to more quickly increase or decrease your throttle input to change your speed and mastering your throttle goes hand in hand which using your clutch I mean literally hand in hand anyways many New Riders can have bad habits when using the clutch I recently saw this video of this guy that was riding and the shifting with the clutch was so atrociously awful it literally made me physically sick we're going to clip it here just for a little bit I just really want to show you guys this is what you don't want to do with the clutch some bad clutch habits can include not mastering the friction Zone a failure to fully engage the clutch when shifting unintentionally leaving the clutch partially engaged and coasting with the clutch pulled in using the clutch is imperative for slow speed Maneuvers where slipping the clutch in the friction Zone allows you to apply very minimal but smooth amounts of power to the rear wheel New Riders can be unfamiliar with this practice and have difficulty with low speed Maneuvers but if you have the clutch pulled in too far you won't be putting any power to the wheel and you won't move the bike if you have the clutch lever too far out you'll either risk stalling or move forward too quickly depending on your throttle input and having a strong familiarity with your clutch is also crucial when shifting gears if your clutch is not fully engaged when shifting gears your bike will shift roughly or not at all as well as put unnecessary wear on your transmission conversely accidentally leaving the clutch partially engaged for too long is going to put unnecessary wear on the clutch and reduce the power delivered to the rear excessive clutch wear can cause your clutch to slip under high power loads and will untimely require the replacement of clutch plates after shifting gears releasing the clutch too quickly can also lead to choppy power delivery and even possibly an unwanted wheelie but again kind of rare lastly a bad habit that New Riders have is to Coast with the clutch lever pulled in coasting like this prevents you from being able to make adjustments to your speed decreases your traction on the road and there's no force from the engine or brakes being put on the wheels and will not allow you to engine break the clutch should be used when changing gears and slipped using the friction Zone during low speeds otherwise the clutch lever remains untouched a bad habit that is super common amongst beginner Riders and really imperative to break for your safety on the road is having Target fixation ation Target fixation occurs when a motorcyclist looks at an obstacle that they're trying to avoid and unintentionally ends up steering right towards it when you're riding a bike it moves in the direction your body tells it to you look where you want to go it works every time and almost always whether intentional or not your body is going to direct your motorcycle in the direction of the object you're looking at that is why it's really important that you always look where you want to go by doing so your body is going to instinctually Usher your motorcycle in the right direction so if you stare at the pothole you're trying to avoid you're likely going to ride right into it Target fixation can be catastrophic in instances when you come into a turn too quick and fixate at the outside edge of the curve instead of the exit or even worse fix it on a tree a car or some other immovable object that you don't want to ride into this can be a tough habit to break as you instinctively want to stare at the thing you're trying to avoid but by doing so you're much more likely to ride right into it instead of avoiding it as you become aware of the moment you have Target fixation it becomes easier and easier to look instead where you want to go not where you're trying to avoid and remember while turning always look at the exit it's much easier to avoid Target fixation if you're riding within your limits if you're riding way outside of your limits or close to your limits you're way more likely to Target fix a it's also common for beginner Riders to fail to understand counter steering and instead be in the habit of trying to turn at speed only by leaning when controlling a motorcycle at slow speeds turning the handlebars moves the bike the way you would expect turning to the left will make the bike go left and turning to the right will make it always go right but as you increase the the speed the physics of your bike require counter steering to initiate lean and move the bike in the direction you wish to go but one thing to note here is that counter steering actually happens at all speeds if you think about it when you look at a bicycle the way it turns it always falls into the corner in the direction of the wheel opposite of the way it wants to go so counter steering works at all speeds it's just that it slow speeds it's a little less noticeable when moving at speed you're approaching a left- hand curve you will not pull the left hand grip towards you as you would when you're turning in a parking lot but instead push the left grip forward when you push the handlebar in the the direction you want to turn it causes a slight fall of the motorcycle in that direction initiating lean to make quick and control turns especially at higher speeds you must counter steer first but the thing is motorcycles can only turn by counter steering so you'll always counter steer once the bike starts to lean you can maintain the turn by adjusting your body position and using throttle control turning a motorcycle at high speeds is very different than turning at slow speeds and counter steering is an obvious and great skill to improve your maneuverability of your bike it becomes intuitive to experienc Riders but will take some practice for beginner as they start to break their old habits motorcycles are as safe as they've ever been there are countless constantly evolving safety features that can help keep Riders safe under hazardous situations and while a lot of this Tech was originally designed for top-of-the-line super bikes over the years it has trickled down into more beginner-friendly models as well and while rid raids like ABS traction control and adjustable ride modes are great for when you really need them there's always the threat that a beginner Rider who's only exposed to riding bikes with such fail safes may become overly Reliant instead of mastering proper throttle control or optimal braking Tech techniques for instance you'll often see Riders talk about how they started on a motorcycle that may not normally be advised for new Rider due to power output but they said they kept it in Rain mode for the first few months the issue being that because rain mode reduces the sensitivity of the throttle the rider is not actually learning proper throttle control but having the ECU do it for them often times these different ride modes all retain the same max power number but they just modulate the throttle sensitivity and the torque curve so a beginner that starts on a big bike in Rain mode is still going to have too much max power at their disposal and will ultimately be worse off when they take it out of rain mode where the throttle response is no longer neutered similarly a new Rider may take greater risks with their braking knowing that ABS will kick in should they be too aggressive with their braking in a way that risks locking up their wheels obviously ABS is awesome to have should you need it but it's still important for beginner Rider to master Progressive braking and try to avoid any chance of locking up their wheels even when riding on a bike with abs they're great when you need it but those Rider raats are no substitute for good riding habits and the last bad habit beginner riders need to break is riding without the proper gear I see it a lot yall want to look cool on Tik Tok and Instagram and here I am your papa yam on YouTube crusty as I am telling you to wear your gear but I'm going to say it once again beginner Riders are often trying to spend as little money as possible to start their motorcycling Journey so they think hey I'm just a beginner I'm not going to be going that fast or taking any crazy long rides anytime soon I can make do with just a helmet and gloves for now and get more gear later unfortunately many riders will be forced to learn learn this lesson the hard way no matter what speed you're going or how short of a ride you're taking there's always a chance of a crash whether it be due to poor riding habits an unforeseen obstacle or other vehicles on the road there are ways to mitigate risk on a motorcycle and one of the easiest and most Paramount ways to reduce the chance of severe bodily harm on a motorcycle is by wearing proper gear look motorcycles are as safe as they've ever been and gear is as safe as it's ever been standards materials manufacturing processes continue to elevate year-over-year and there's more options for affordable safety rated gear GE than there's ever been there's also gear for every riding style so you can find stuff that won't break the bank will match your ride and will be comfortable enough for everyday riding you don't have to look dorky or like you're wearing all the safety gear there's tons of stealth cool stuff that you can wear that's going to keep you safe a dotin ECA rated helmet is a must as are motorcycle boots a jacket gloves and riding pants real safety rated riding pants not rebranded alib Baba Chinese riding pants you can see links to the Gear I personally wear in the description of the video you can also go back and find the video I did a few months ago outlining the gear that I trust free of any paid or endorsed products or you can watch the video where I expose the social media riding pants scam either way you got to get proper riding gear it's as imperative as getting your motorcycle endorsement or purchasing Insurance thanks for making it to the end of the video how many of these bad habits are you guilty of having how long did it take for you to overcome Target fixation are you really still wearing those Chinese pants be sure to subscribe if you want the latest and greatest motorcycle content I'm going to see you all later fact the world's largest butterfly Queen Alexandra's birdwing has a Wings span of about 10 in that's a big bug goodbye keep watching YY nerd [Applause]

  Top Comments:
  1. @yammienoob [9 likes]: Go to https://yammienoob.co for a chance to win our giveaway motorcycles!
  2. @b0u1derd4sh9: I think the problem is not knowing, its more about reacting controled in the moment, what is not happening in such cases!
  3. @robertgregor3657: What about keeping the clutch in while shifting all the way down for a complete stop while braking?
  4. @King.Juliaann: The counter steering at high speed tip was very helpful!
  5. @natesofamerica: In the US and Canada the motorcycle is a hobby, everywhere else it's our only mode of transportation. We wear our gear usually if we aren't just going 1km away to the store or 2km into town. It's also SUPER hot outside now if you haven't noticed the consequences of carbon pollution the US is exacerbating with its shitty car dependent infrastructure (where a trip to the grocery store for you is a long ride down a high speed interstate but for us is a short, low speed kilometer down a one lane road), fossil fuel oligarchs and globe spanning imperialism... so wearing gear every time we go out is not about looking cool it's about staying cool, especially when walking around the central market.
  6. @772amanda237: 10:02 I was waiting for this one. Dress for the slide, not the ride. Many years ago I participated in a rap video shoot with hundreds of other bikers. All the female riders wore out matching tanks and white shorts (and fullface helmet). A less experienced female rider fixated on me and hit me so hard between my exhaust and rear tire that she sent me into a death wobble that I miraculously recovered on my newer to me 2006 Yamaha R6s. That was the first time without full gear and never rode without full gear ever again
  7. @brenton2561: Steering, counter steering, leaning, counter leaning. Engine braking, front and rear brakes. Suspension loading, preloading, and of course unloading. 

You gotta think about these things without overthinking these things but these things need to be reflexive and not require thinking.

Riding bikes is an artform. Mastery is an enigma.

Throttle go brap brap!
  8. @keyzze6068: Outside of emergency situations, you can use engine braking more than active breaking (just keep in mind that it doesn't activate the brake lights so lightly tapping or using breaks at night is recommended.). This helps you learn the throttle and clutch control at the same time. Just make sure to actually let go of the clutch once you have the needed throttle (different for each bike but generally minimal throttle if going up a gear and slightly lower throttle for going down a gear)
  9. @roki4343: No technique will help, if you ain't got a situational awareness.
  10. @Bobbob-vb9df: The thing about safety gear is I can barely afford the bike
  11. @StolenCoins: I think i got them all in check except the gear. ... i feel like need to work on that now
  12. @Uncanny_Silence: I think the people who are wiping out in your video were trying to swerve and stop at the same time.
  13. @virulence12: I am so glad I didn't listen to my friends and get a large bike. Was a BMX rider my entire life and my first motorcycle is a CBR 500R. Took a 3 day motorcycle safety course. Spent as much money on my gear as I did my bike. To this day I still check back and watch videos to refresh myself on safety advice. This was a good one thank you
  14. @gregsimonds8225: Helping lots of people get into biking, and I always tell them my mantra 'all the gear, all the time', and no, just because your on a low displacement automatic (scooter) doesn't mean you don't need the gear.  Hitting the pavement at 60 miles an hour on a scooter is the same as hitting the pavement at 60 mph on a big bike, it doesn't matter.
  15. @SheaDailey-x4n: Randal almost ran over Billies head when he crashed 😂
  16. @Kal3id0sc0pe91: Checked the links for the gear and they all say "discontinued". I know it has been a year since posting this video, but you might wanna update the links so peeps aren't mislead! 😊
  17. @nickgunner1646: Your clutch comments are backwards. When a clutch is engaged the pressure plate is clamped on the disc and the machine moves. When the clutch is disengaged the machine can't move.
  18. @chrisduncan2626: Ill continue riding in my t shirt thanks lol
  19. @nateemory3994: The only bad habit from this list I really have is wearing black jeans and vans when I ride. I have good gear above the waist, but I ride to work and just wear black jeans and vans cause it’s easier to wear all day at work
  20. @SquarePizza: Thanks. Dont forget to check the tyre health at every appropriate interval because that way, you can help prevent tyre blowout from happening which is super dangerous.

- 7 Habits New Motorcycle Riders Must Develop: Kind: captions Language: en any experienced motorcyclists can attest that controlling a motorcycle becomes automatic and instinctual years of practice set you up to be able to freely and safely ride your bike without expending too much brain power on what it is that you're actually doing you just ride and flow and your instincts keep you safe and in control that is why it is very important to develop good habits early on in your riding career so without further Ado here are 7 Habits New Riders must develop the first habit every motorcyclist must develop is to always be aware of your surroundings also known as riding as if you're invisible also known as riding as if every car on the road might try to kill you that is a bit of a broad statement so let's break it down a little bit if you're fresh out of your msf course you probably still have the echo of the expression ride like your invisible bouncing around in your Noggin and if your msf was anything like mine was your instructor just said ride like you're invisible over and over and then had you waddling around on a motorcycle in a parking lot like a toddler with a diaper full of freshly metabolized sized peas and carrots so what does riding like your invisible mean cars are big motorcycles are small car drivers are easily distracted by the car load of screaming goblins in the back seat the digital gateway to the entire universe in their pocket or the invasive thoughts of how truly unfulfilling their life actually is so the last thing on their radar is the person on a motorcycle in their blind spot beside them when you're on your motorcycle in traffic you should assume you are always in someone's blind spot and that other cars on the road do not recognize your existence just like your father on your fifth birthday when he was too busy betting all of your presents down at the dog track and if these cars can't see you you need to make sure you see them all of them not just the cars in your lane but the cars cross in the intersection ahead of you or the car is about to merge onto the freeway you can't assume that a car's smart features like blind spot detection will notice you because it seems most companies that manufacture automobile safety Tech features had a brain fart and forgot that cars aren't the only vehicles on the Road and didn't fine-tune these sensors to always recognize motorcycles as well I wanted to put this habit at the top as many other habits are extensions of this mentality another good habit to develop on your motorcycle is trying to always visualize multiple Escape paths in case a car decides to kill you are you catching on yet when you're riding on the road it is good to think about where you will go in the instance that the normal path straight ahead of you becomes impassable like when the brakes go out on a fire truck and sends it plummeting full speed into the roadway a few car lengths ahead of you will you a crash head first into it B jump over it in the empty car hauler that happens to be parked perfectly on the side of the road with its ramp down like you're in Grand Theft Auto or C speed up into the furthest Lane and pass the intersection before the fire truck crashes through Jokes Aside an accident or unforeseen situation can Arise at any moment while you're on your motorcycle and is good to get into the habit of knowing where you can safely ride to evade a dangerous situation this includes no knowing the best Lane position to be in being aware of the speed of the cars around you and detecting potential dangers before they become an emergency is there a Dodge Hellcat riding everyone's ass during rush hour where traffic can come to a screeching halt at any second if you find yourself in a situation like this make sure to see what possible path you can take if an emergency situation were to take place on the same topic it is a good idea to practice emergency braking in a safe space like a parking lot so you can determine how much pressure you'd be able to put on your brakes before they lock up especially if your motorcycle did not come equipped with ABS and the last tip relating to other people on the road is to make a habit of keeping yourself cool allowing yourself to get heated by other drivers acting egregiously is only going to put yourself further at risk when you're in a state of heightened emotions you are more likely to ride aggressively and potentially unsafely or beyond your means yet can be incredibly frustrating that a car cuts you off but just take a breath think about how you can avoid that situation in the future and move on if you get angry try to speed up and pass him or are too distracted shouting and giving some artistic hand gestures you're losing focus on what you're actually doing on the road and when push comes to shove if you put an angry car up against an angry motorcycle that car is gonna win every time so don't even try there is no sense in spending all this time practicing and learning how to be a good motorcyclist if the moment a car driver does Annoying car driver crap it all goes out the window because any new Rider will quickly learn that there is no shortage of opportunities for car drivers to show you how Reckless impatient selfish and straight up dumb that they are on the road so if Karen pulls out in front of you on her Warner Bros Edition Chevy minivan give her the benefit of the doubt and assume she couldn't see past the 10 different family stick figure decals she has on her window because it is a responsibility of motorcyclists to do the seeing and thinking for everyone on the road because car drivers just can't seem to be trusted to do so on their own now guys we have a super special giveaway bike coming later this week it is a truly legendary bike that I think you guys are gonna go bananas over can you guess what it is here's a hint other than the Triumph Daytona 675R it was my dream bike before I started riding motorcycles almost 10 years ago maybe it's the namesake of the channel anyways if you want to find out what our new modern classic giveaway is going to be head over to yamanube.com and become a member get 10 off on all purchases on our store and you'll also get access to the Discord server where you can get behind the scenes looks on everything that's going on here at yammy noob if you want to find out what the next giveaway bike is that's the way to do it head over to yamanube.com select one of our most popular bundles and join up speaking of seeing it's also important to stay looking ahead on a motorcycle this is an essential habit for multiple reasons firstly you need to be able to anticipate the road conditions is there traffic an accident a Dodge Hellcat tailgating every other car on the road wait did I already make that joke you need to be able to anticipate these situation by looking ahead secondly and just as important you need to look ahead when turning this is also something you are hopefully taught in your msf course but it is super important when writing if you aren't looking through a turn you won't have a good read of the angle of the turn and be able to judge appropriate lean angle or speed and you'll actually be fighting against your own subconscious your body and motorcycle will naturally follow in the direction that you are looking so if you are looking through the turn your body and motorcycle will be easier to guide through whereas if you're looking at the middle of the turn or at the edge of the road as you rapidly get closer and closer to the edge worrying that you misjudge your entry speed you are even more likely to ride right towards it a common cause of crashing during a turn is Target fixation like if you're in approaching a turn and you see a car waiting to enter the road after you pass and you look at this car instead of looking at the exit of the turn you're more likely to turn wide and end up sliding off right into the road or possibly right into the object that you wanted to avoid in the first place so when you're turning look where you want to go keep your eyes on the exit and your body is going to be far more likely to steer the bike to the right place the next habit that is important for New Riders is to be smooth and purposeful with the controls developing the proper finesse for motorcycle controls takes time and that is why it is recommended that New Riders begin on a beginner bike that is not too powerful as choppy or misguided operation of the motorcycle controls on a powerful bike can lead to Whiskey throttle where you eat yourself into infinity and you're not going to be able to fit into your furry costume for furry con if you're in a full body cast this can be in reference to the relationship between your clutch and throttle if you aren't smooth on either and haven't become well acquainted with fingering your bike's friction Zone you won't be able to smoothly direct power to the rear wheel too much throttle and then quickly releasing the clutch can cause you to wheelie or spin the back tire or lose track which sure can be fun if it's done intentionally or safely but it can really mess up your day if it happens when you're not expecting it or while the motorcycle isn't completely upright or in a straight line you also want your shifting to be smooth which requires a proper timing and manipulation of the clutch and throttle as you change up or down gears you also need to learn how to be smooth on the brakes especially in regards to emergency braking you do not I repeat do not want to be going 65 miles per hour and have your front brake lock up because there's an old lady in a Babushka shuffling across the road with her walker 20 years ahead of you you'll want to learn to progressively add pressure to your brake so you can stop safely and effectively it's also imperative to ride the back brake during slow speed Maneuvers if you're really good at working the friction Zone and riding the back brake you can inch along so slowly you can practically track stand your motorcycle which means you won't have to water your bike around parking lots like a total Noob it's a lot easier to be smooth on the throttle if you're not holding yourself up with all of your weight on your hands this habit is pretty specific to sport bike riding but that is holding yourself up with your legs by squeezing the tank one of the earliest mods a lot of sport bike riders do is install tank grips on their motorcycle so they can easily grab under the tank with their legs and keep their weight off their hands holding yourself in position by squeezing your tank makes it so much easier to have smooth control of your motorcycle by keeping weight off your hands you're able to make much smaller and purposeful movements that way if you run into some bumpy roads or ride your R6 on some single track you won't be accidentally moving the throttle as you soak up the bumps with your arms similarly it is a good habit to stop holding onto the throttle all ham fisted like a Harley Rider holds onto a beer bottle and instead hold on to it like you would hold a screwdriver this allows for improved throttle articulation and less herky-jerky power delivery and the last good habit to develop on a motorcycle is to familiarize yourself with the bike and how to tell if anything is a miss or out of the ordinary this means regularly giving your bike a once over to check the brakes lights tire pressure and tired drift and fluids it is not uncommon for a lot of people to neglect their car until they're given a warning light or an outright just dies and they can Coast it off to the side to the road or they call AAA and have it taken to a shop whereas if something go seriously a Miss on your motorcycle you're a lot more likely to crash than if you have a car experiencing mechanical failures so also become familiar with your bike and the way it sounds and be able to recognize you should probably pull over and check everything out instead of just turning up the radio to drown out the bad sounds like car drivers do I think it's important to make New Riders aware that it is far more important to maintain their motorcycles than they have previously done on a car because if something goes wrong on a bike like blowing out a tire on the freeway or having a sudden loss of power you're far more likely to get hurt than if the same thing would happen in a car then you would have a motorcycle repair Bill and a hospital bill thanks for making it to the end of the video be sure to subscribe for more new Rider insights fact there are over 200 artificial languages that have been invented for books television and movies goodbye foreign [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @CallMeMONGOOSE [1 likes]: 7:31 I feel called out lol
  2. @charlesjackson5304: Useless
  3. @KnightOfSerbia1: I recommend Yamaha Virago 250 fo beginners
  4. @WoodlandK: 10:45 those languages are called conlangs (constructed languages)
  5. @pewterpirate4560: As a rider and also a CDL holder, alot of the habits apply to both vehicles. I know, sounds weird. Given the size difference.  Recommend looking up the Smith System. It helps with all vehicles 👍
  6. @briansteele2723: Great advice mostly, but in first 30 seconds no gloves no eye protection and basic light boots.   Yeah I know we in Europe have more rules about minimum equipment as despite good healthcare repairs to hands are costly for the overall community and insurers
  7. @Aimless1337: „In a safe space like a parking lot“ proceeds to show someone wheelieing in the back…
  8. @jeremyknappe1128: 6:36 what/how did this spill happen?
  9. @mrrchh: 6:35 how/why did the bike fall?
  10. @mrrchh: Love the commentary
  11. @kharl92: I feel attacked by the invasive thought of how unfulfilling my life actually is 😅
  12. @sistaf3500: Propper gear when you ride, you dont need the greatest lid and leathers but flip-flops T-shirt and no gloves is just dumb - shit happens when you least expect it
Always remember in any collision Bike riders dont do so well, so watch them but check yourself.
  13. @Nikk9o-SOS: Practicacing
  14. @eytandallal: Great narration and funny. But dude, you have unresolved issues. Seek therapy.
  15. @WiscoBoundTrucker: 2:31 B!!!!
  16. @johnmetsis1997: 4:15 not every time ... i think cars ''need'' mirrors to opperate :)
  17. @DahBibleGuy: Bro the dancing. Bro the dancing at the end... Fantastic!!! 😂
  18. @dabsu.: The stock footage of angry people is way funnier than it needs to be 😂
  19. @HeyoShinra: Putting a car up agasint a motorcycle is like putting mike tyson up against a 6 year old with a sock'em bopper. The child aint doing shit.
  20. @sharonlee9441: Do you do videos for bikers who’ve been riding for years, any extra tips we might of forgotten over the years

- Top Tips For Beginner Motorcycle Riders: Kind: captions Language: en All right, everyone. Here's an extremely useful tip for all riders, but especially new riders. So, whenever you're doing anything with the clutch, if you want something dramatic to happen, if you want to lose control of your bike pretty quickly, you want the bike to do something unpredictable, you just want the bike to behave in a way at which you don't want it to, start releasing the clutch like this. Just letting go of it. Ease out the clutch. So, like 1 second, like ease out. Whenever you're shifting gears, whenever you're taking off, whenever you're coming to a stop, like just be easing in and out. You don't have to go super slow motion like this. Like that's too slow, right? But, you don't want to let go. So, just like 1 1,000. Whenever you're shifting gears or doing anything with the clutch, just slowly in slowly out. You don't have to do anything crazy. The bike will be very predictable. It'll never freak you out. Your chances of stalling the bike is going to be extremely low, especially if you're a new rider. Just ease out the clutch. Nothing fast. Slow your hands down. Same thing with the throttle. Whenever you roll on the throttle, just 5 10 20 25 30 type You don't want to go 0 to 100. You want the bike to respond very quickly, very abruptly, and kind of freak you out, maybe whiskey throttle. Ah. So, start off first, flat wrist. Don't start like this because you're able to give it way too much gas and it'll pull you back and then give you more gas and more pull you back and now you're whiskey throttle right into the wall. So, start off with the low wrist. That's the first tip, not high. Don't ride around like this. Start off with the low flat wrist and just slowly on and slowly off the throttle. On and off. Nothing crazy, nothing twitchy. This is what happens. This is how people ride. Like, "Oh, my bike is really twitchy. This bike is really sensitive." No, you're moving your throttle way too fast. Slowly on, slowly off, like a hill. Nice and easy. Stop riding around like a heartbeat. Next, the brakes. Same thing. You want something dramatic to happen very quickly, start going like Hard on the brakes, grabbing the brakes, and then also letting go of the brakes. Don't do that. Reach up, 0% throttle, squeeze the brakes, and unsqueeze the brakes. Back to the throttle, accelerate, roll off the throttle, reach up, squeeze, and unsqueeze. Again, especially for new riders, you're in the beginner course, you're just starting to learn how to ride, you got your first bike, you're riding around. If you just slow your hands down, you'll be a very happy rider. The bike will be predictable, easier to ride, and it won't freak you out. Just slow your hands down. Everything else will be so much easier if you do this simple thing.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MotoJitsu [51 likes]: This will help out a lot if you pay a bit more attention to what you're doing and how the bike is responding. SLOW THOSE HANDS DOWN! Slow hands, happy riders :) https://linktr.ee/GregWidmar
  2. @juanvargas211 [6 likes]: Bro I'm loving these older videos, they're like refresher courses
  3. @davidledford3522 [1 likes]: The flat wrist thing helps a lot i almost wrecked in some really soupy mud im new at it but i got on and rode the first time
  4. @christopherberry8519: Jitsu - thanks for your public service. I'm 50 and about to venture back onto 2 wheels and so much has changed. You're motivating me to take relearning or learning the skills so much more seriously and develop proficiency in low speed, avoidance and proper braking, trail breaking etc before trusting myself for longer periods.
I'm a little torn though on the bike purchase side though and maybe your viewers can also help out here. The best I can find round here with good support is the Kove 800x pro. It's too powerful but it's extremely light so the dealer suggested a remap. Looking into it, I could have it throttled back to a smoother aprilia tuareg style map - lower smoother torque that will be more forgiving and extend engine life. Where I live, we don't have highways, lots of dirt roads and lower speed limits (90kmh). Tourists are the biggest problems on the roads - and pensionners that should no longer be driving (I know them personally).
A tuareg that's 40lbs lighter with cheaper plastics and parts for learning on with suspension that can take my 220lbs? for under 10k?  Leaving me more cash for better gear? 
Anyway kudos for inspiring a huge learning period after I pass my Moto license at 50 and sharpening those skills. Doodle and yourself are helping education traction, proper planning and preparation.
  5. @harryhachins2910: I'm a New Ride... Thanks Man ❤
  6. @michaelmccarter7303: Hallo. New rider. How do I get used to relaxing my throttle hand more when riding?
  7. @petermartin7065: Hi Greg, Just discovered your channel. Great videos! I will watch each of your clips several times. Take care.
  8. @ssteverogerss: Smooth
  9. @cwells7285: whys it so hard to be gentle
  10. @mrmbr: Man this was the vid for me which I will practice.. When I was in my 20s and 30s and riding motorcycles, riding seemed natural as a mountain bike racer. Now after 15 years off, everything is foreign. I have to get practicing and get the feel back.
  11. @elsaint7657: beautiful ❤
  12. @bbzacwc1978: 😂👍💯great content
  13. @hfaria80: Another amazing video with simple but important tips. Thanks!
  14. @ArataKyou: it's been a year and its still helping thank you
  15. @tonyquintanilla1021: Thanks for the beginner tips brother!👍
  16. @TheCipita: this feels like a guided meditation.. but for motorcycle..
  17. @McubeLonsundu-r1u: It's  helped ❤
  18. @paulmcb9070: Motorcycles are not for you if you're a new rider and you don't already understand this concept.
  19. @BrewsterBrooklyn: Thanks for the tips im getting a bike in a few days gonna try to practice some of these into my rulebook
  20. @Lillyfox.social: You explained this so bad.

- Road Cycling Tips - Nobody talks about this.: Kind: captions Language: en hey do you know there's cycling tips that nobody talks about things are not always as they appear so I'm here today to help you with three secret not spoken about cycling tips and uh let's get right into it tip number one this is probably the most underrated tip on all of them turning around looking behind you without swerving this is super crucial as far as safety and awareness goes there's two ways of turning the head backwards without swerving first one would be basically relaxing your elbows and the opposite side of the way you're turning your head that shoulder has to drop down and rotate a little bit this will allow your head to turn without moving your hands and your handlebars that way you can stay in a straight line and not weave into traffic being able to turn your head without weaving all over the place will give you more confidence and also it'll allow you to participate in traffic without being a liability I mean you can see what's coming from behind who's next to you if you can't have a mirror on your helmet or on your bars that is the most crucial skill that we can teach yourself the second way my preferred way is to start out with both hands closest to the stem if you're turning to the left take your left hand off The Handlebar and let your whole upper body rotate with your head this will also keep your handlebars from turning too much especially if you have that right hand closest to the stem this is kind of what track racers do in Madison when you swing somebody you have it really close to the stem if you have your hands too far away from the stem you have too much Leverage the second not talked about cycling tip is how to get your chain back on without getting dirty hands oh just dropped a chain well that stinks here's two chances of getting your chain back up without getting dirty hands you gotta act quickly on the first one while you're still rolling and coasting you've got to downshift and soft pedal while up shifting and if the chain is not wedged it most likely will go back up foreign well if that didn't work you have one more chance of getting the chain back on without getting dirty hands uh you want to lift the bike with your neck by the seat I know it sounds silly uh grab one pedal downshift and then slowly soft pedal boil up Shifting the chain back onto a big chain ring uh if you derailleur is adjusted properly it should work uh if it's wedged you're gonna have to touch it but that's your last chance and finally the third not talked about cycling tip is group right etiquette nobody talks about this but if you do it once wrong I bet you lose a lot of cycling friends and you might not get invited to that group right again so when you're in front of the group think of the guy in the back before you start throwing boogers and snot Rockets because there's a guy in the back he's not happy so if you're in the front of the pack and you need to blow that booger or spit he might want to wait until you're in the back oh he has a bonus one that's not maybe a tip that's just my opinion the new bike that you want to buy is it worth it the keeping up with the Joneses in the bike world is a real thing and you might want to think about it twice is it really worth it will you write more because of that bike maybe but if you're losing sleep because you can't afford it here's my top tip on what is the best bike for you so your bike's old doesn't have the newest Technologies you don't want to ride it the choices are endless what is the best bike for you this breaks Rim brakes brake lever shifter down tube shifter electronic shifting so the best bike for you is the one you already own this video is sponsored by nobody in a bike industry and remember friends don't let friends buy bikes on credit so listen I make videos like this once in a while it's free of charge I would appreciate a like or subscribe and I'll see you on the other side yes what the [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @cyclingskills [38 likes]: Hi there 🖐️Before you add another comment about using a mirror (like the other hundreds of riders) please watch me testing mirrors and a radar. https://youtu.be/tN-bq2RkDtw?si=ic8FO3bfQm8GhhJ0
  2. @dr.safousalami [2 likes]: The 3d tip 😮😂😂💦
  3. @Rubix-y7m [1 likes]: Such great cycling tips and I’m in tears with your humor. 😂 I instantly hit the “subscribe” button. 🚴🚴‍♀️🚴‍♂️
  4. @Heisen_95: why did you separate the audio channel left right ?
  5. @marfantabulous7743: 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 tip #3 had me laughing out loud
  6. @ColinMcInnes-i5n: Great video with very useful tips. 👏
  7. @user-Christina_0207: Just found your channel  love it
  8. @charlesbromberick4247: thanks
  9. @herbertsiegl7762: U swirled a Bit every time . Every vehicle must have mirrors...just get one for ur own safety
  10. @AandA697: First one was new to me, thanks
  11. @Brett33: The other way to get your chain on without getting your hands dirty  3) be a hot woman and you will get help
  12. @SAMYBG_OFFICIAL: Yeah also the sunglass is not 0:05
  13. @johnmiller6197: A company my wife worked for had a couple guys who rode motorcycles. One day after work they were racing and the guy in the lead looked over his shoulder to see where the other guy was, not realizing the guy was in the process of overtaking him. He swerved right into him causing them both to crash. They both died.
  14. @brianbassettnumber1: MIRRORS are far better than taking your eyes off the road in front of you; that's what makes you a liability.  Two words: Belt Drive. Ride in a group? I have ridden my bikes since I was 9 to get away from people.  Thanks for the tips, I guess.
  15. @Gribbo9999: One of the things  I've noticed is that the headturn wobble tends to get worse as I get older, especially after a bout of inner ear vertigo I suffered a few years ago. I now use an off-side mirror to view traffic coming up  behind, which saves a lot of head turning. But I still do turn my head for an actual look  just before I manoeuvre.
  16. @ColinMoffat: Add a mirror, no brainer. I have used one for 40 years. Saved me once from a truck hitting me. I would be dead if I didnt have it.
  17. @Bodkin_Ye_Pointy: Replacing the bike or not. The reason you replace a bike is because it is uneconomical to upgrade parts. For example, the hoods for my brakes were the same as the model number on the brakes. But the hoods are too big and my grip was sliding all over. The wheels now 10  years old are looking a little thin in the rims from the brake wear.  The group set probably is getting close to the end of its life at 12 years old.  Even the chain is a bit suss.  The same wheels alone would be about $1200 alone. My new bike cost $4.5k plus accessories and fit, (Fit was a mistake). So if you are thinking new bike, there is probably a reason. And if a person is buying a bike he can't afford, he is probably living beyond his means across the board.
  18. @user-nq9gz4xf7f: Nothing beats a mirror, you know whats behind you and you can bike relax even swerve for a pothole or an animal,  took me years but most of my fear of what might be behind me is gone.
  19. @1991SuperTrain: It pays to practice turning your head.
Important, when you practice, don’t snap your head back or you’re in for a very sore next for a couple of days.
Also, head goes down and back, don’t just try to turn your head around. 
Just as important, pay attention to sounds around and behind you.
  20. @galgappa: Great video… been on bicycles for 60 years (honest! I started at 3, apparently! I’m 63 now… never not had a bike) and the chain manoeuvre was a great tip. I have done it a couple of times… but I was lucky, I didn’t actually know what I was doing… just guessing… this makes it more obvious. Thanks.😊

- Exercises for Improving Equitation | ZL Equestrian Tips & Lessons: Kind: captions Language: en hey guys welcome back today i'm going to give you some helpful tips and exercises for improving your equitation [Music] so today i'm going to be riding checkers he is a 14 year old kwpn he's been with us for about three years now he was out on lease for a little bit he's a pretty unorthodox guy in the way he goes he doesn't have the most equitation suited jump shape i think he would be good for today because he's kind of a hard one to equitate on so i figured it would be good for me to challenge myself and come up with some good exercises for you guys that you can take home and use as well the exercise behind me is a set of two bounces it's three fences in total they're set between 10 and 11 feet apart so you have the option for either trotting in or cantering and very collected the perk of this exercise is once you get in you can really focus on solidity of your lower leg and also ab strength and core strength but it's also kind of a parallel benefit because the horse can really improve its jump shapes through something like this so i really love bounces um obviously there's a lot you can do with them as far as them all being cross rails or all being verticals or each one progressively getting bigger the middle one being the biggest these are all different exercises and different grids for different things it's really good for the rider to work on a grid like that because once they come into a grid you can really just focus on yourself the biggest things i think about with equitation on the flat is heel depth shoulders back and my hands always forward thinking even when over fences as well so now that we're all warmed up and ready to go i'm going to take some longer approaches and then i'm gonna go through the combo here um the biggest thing i always try and think about is like really stretching my lower leg into the ground pulling my upper body tall and just kind of locking everything into place i try to let the horse's motion um kind of persuade the way i give or the way i break over and and such so we'll do a couple long approaches and then i'll pop through this triple combo i go wrong i am again just to reiterate i like to do a lot of combinations and grids to work on lower leg strength just because i feel like it really stabilizes you having to get in and out of your two point there's also a lot of other flat exercises i do as well but we'll talk about that after i do this going around every day so one of the things i work on in the flat is a lot of no stirrup work so trotting posting trot with no stirrups sitting trot sitting the canner half seating the canner and even holding my two point with no straps which can be very difficult i also like to practice holding my two point with my stirrups and doing lots of transitions i think it's really beneficial for the heel and the lower leg let's go do a little bit of that and then checkers is definitely done for the day he's jumped enough so i'm going to sit my trout without straps i'm my two point as long as i can watch it burn so i hope that some of these were helpful for you guys um the biggest thing about equitation always is to always be very aware of things you're trying to work on i really believe in the one percent rule and if you really want to improve your shoulders or your heels set out to fix just that in one lesson really focus on it until it becomes muscle memory and then once you've accomplished that go on to something else so just remember that equitation is a tool and it's to try to help you be as an effective rider as possible so if there's something your horse likes or dislikes whether it be like a for example a full seated contact or a half seat even though you know technically equitation states that your seat really should be a sitting aid troy is a great example he really doesn't like a sitting seat he's more of a cold bath type horse and i know that so i'm not going to try and fit my equitation like a cookie cutter and make it fit to him if he likes to be ridden a certain way that's how i'm going to ride him but i hope some of these were helpful for you guys and we're going to go up now and ice in linnaman and wrap mr checkers and give him a nice little shower so let's head on up this will get you extra points in the equitation come on come here little buddy oh you want a tree do you want a treat you look like you're looking for a treat oh my word okay you gotta scribble up these they're dirty ah so this is mary's botanical mussel spray um it's just kind of like a natural liniment i use it on a lot of my horses daily so this is going to go primarily on his body and in this spray bottle i have a 50 50 of water and absorbing liniment which i tend to keep just on their legs uh that way i wrap over it and everything like that he's gonna get front wraps today but yeah then that's it huh and then you can go home so now you

  Top Comments:
  1. @rileypearse6295 [79 likes]: This is so helpful! Although I have jumping experience, I’ve never had a trainer work on MY position. My “position” over jumps was push hands forward and pray
  2. @HorsesandPorsches [10 likes]: Zoey, PLEASE do more vids like this!!!!
  3. @equestrianfeminist9097 [7 likes]: I loved this! Could you please make little eq tutorials  more into depth on individual techniques and what helped you develop strength doing those things? Like half seating the canter, sitting the canter, posting/sitting trot, ways of riding the canter and when to use them, and doing different exercises without stirrups? I’m so lost about what to even do with my body when I’m half seating and I can’t move fluidly and I just wind up flailing and I would really appreciate some guidance about the basics of how I move in half seat canter:)
  4. @Jazzy-kk4sk [5 likes]: I always struggle with not folding enough and straightening up too soon over the jump. Does anyone have any suggestions on how to work on this? (Also worth noting, I only jump for fun, I'm a dressage rider so I haven't gotten jumping lessons, I've jumped up to 1m but it was a single fence)
  5. @elizabethcorin [3 likes]: Any tips for not pinching with your knee when you drop your stirrups ?
  6. @suehelms906 [2 likes]: I have to be honest, everything you do with your horses brings back so many great memories of when I had horses... Just keep being you and sharing :-)
  7. @jeremy.perlinski8902 [1 likes]: Love this video. I’m just starting on couple jumps recently. I think watching videos like this and doing these on my own would help me.
  8. @liza-marivanniekerk3600 [1 likes]: The video is amazing!!
I wanted to ask you a question? When I approach the jump it's fine when I takeoff it's fine but when I land my bum goes almost behind the saddle even when my lower leg is in the correct place, why does that happen? Aren't I engaging my core enough, I'm totally clueless??
  9. @Mustangsinfinity [1 likes]: Thanks for this! How many feet between jumps per stride? (Thoroughbred)
  10. @briannamercedes4016 [1 likes]: Could you do a video on how to post the trot without stirrups? I've been riding for 14 years and I still can't figure out how to without gripping with the knees...
  11. @AG_Equines: Is there any exercises I can do when im not riding?
  12. @cup-of-char: I laughed a little too enthusiasticly at "This will get you extra points at equitation... abs...."
  13. @jaynfontain6635: lovely riding.
  14. @RosemarieSpurling: Right…. It’s all core and having an iron but effective leg.  Saying that I do t know how overweight riders expect to exceed in this sport.
  15. @F1983Jo: Clearly Checkers isn't easy. You just need to get used to him it seems. Sometimes he lobs, sometimes he jumps from really far, sometimes he doesn't change leads. Checkers seems to be a horse that does what he wants, how he wants and needs a lot of contact or little contact depending on how it feels on any given day. He's strong, brave- but I don't think he responds well if you overly try to collect him or make him round. He's the type of horse that's like, "Give me the mission, and I will do it- Don't tell me how to do it- I know how to do my job better than you, you hairless monkey. Just let me do my thing and get outta my way".
  16. @jaynepalmer4912: This was so helpful! Great tips and exercises. BTW, love your breeches Zoe - where are they from?? Thanks so much for all your useful vlogs🥰
  17. @lynseywitt118: what is the 1 percent rule??
  18. @MarkLSanford: I like the bounce exercise. He’s very handsome. Riding style looks stiff backed, so I am thinking this is California?? Position; shoulders, hips, heels good, but where is your release? Your elbows are out and you hands never come off neck or withers. it looks like there is a lot air between elbow and body. Why the stiff straight arms, and hands down….Curious?
  19. @marquettagunderson8820: No equitation related but what sunglasses are u wearing I have such a hard time with sunglasses
  20. @avikasixfour2362: The only reason I clicked on this video is bc that hack sits so low on the nose
It should be 2-3 fingers down from the cheekbone. Right now it sits on the fragile bone

- How to Choose a Hunter Jumper Horse: Kind: captions Language: en hi I'm Amanda Garcia a sponsored writer for riding Warehouse I have a hunter jumper training Barn here in San Luis Obispo California and we are going to talk about picking the right horse for the right ring today we're going to be discussing a show jumper a horse that you would take to the jumper rink [Music] in my opinion a horse that's best for show jumping or for the show rank is a horse guy like Samson something that's big bold and brave I love a horse that has a motor that's going to take you down to the fence get your stride and give you the confidence to finish the course that you have started when I am buying a horse or looking for a show jumper there are definitely qualities that stay the same if it's for an amateur a pro or a junior when I am looking for that overall animal I look for athletic ability that's going to out do what the amateur professional or Junior is looking for something with a lot of scope if I'm buying something for the pro I'm going to look for something that wants to be a little cleaner gonna jump away from the rails maybe you don't have to be as perfect about your placement if I'm going to buy something for an amateur or Junior I'm going to look for something that's very brave a huge heart I'm going to take them across the jump but is willing to have a rail if it's necessary to make the course carry on after having the rail they're not offended they carry on and you finish strong the temperament I prefer in a show jumping horse is something just like I'm sitting next to this is Samson as you can tell he's super mellow his personality is awesome his temperament is mellow kind but he really does know his job and that means a lot so the temperament of quiet and then show time or work time and when I get on Samson and pick up the reins he's all in temperament is a huge thing foreign when I am choosing a horse I definitely look at the confirmation I don't know that it makes that big of a decision for me but a young horse versus an older horse something that's been there done that I'm not going to be that worried about the confirmation a younger horse I'm going to look closer and be a little bit more concerned on how it looks hoping that it holds up for the job Samson confirmation is pretty good he's got big feet I always look for that they have to take a lot of work and a lot of impact big knees big hawks things that are there and able to take the work thank you for checking in I hope this information helps you pick your next horse for the show jumping rank go to writingwarehouse.com for more information and helpful videos

  Top Comments:
  1. @tayfan12 [1 likes]: I have my frame chestnut quarter gelding and we are doing hunter jumping

- Horse Show Tips - How do Hunter Judges Score a Round: Kind: captions Language: en Hi, there have you, ever wondered what the judge is looking for Well today i'm gonna go over the scores that a hunter judge could give you in the hunter ring so let's get started Hi, there, my, name is laura and welcome to another video if it's your first, time here hey How's it going, thanks for coming and if you'd like, to win more ribbons at. Your next horse show Improve your riding and training or generally like other horsey related, stuff then remember to subscribe to this channel And hit the bell icon so you, don't, miss anything What is a hunter anyway and if you think about it you have to think back in history to the Origins of the hunter and a field hunter or those hunters that used to ride with fox hounds field hunters would Gallop, and jump over Natural obstacles brick, walls fences coops whatever They, had in front of them. That's, why, when you get into the hunter ring that there's walls, brush Jumps. The solid poles, not the stripe jumps that you get in the jumping classes Hunters are judged on the performance of your horse Performance, way of going jumping style, manners and pace. If you, think of hunters versus jumpers jumpers are performance only So jumpers is the performance only it doesn't matter how You get to the other side of that jump so long as you leave the jump standing then that is a good thing. Hunters is Judging, the performance the style of the jump in movement the pace and the manners of the horse so it's the judging The way the horse is jumping over top of the jump the style of the top of the fence as, well? as the pace movement in manners Some judges when they judge, they use a numerical system. So this means a hundred percent Is the best you can have and then at the lower end of the scale 20 30 or zero no score if you get eliminated. Kind of like, when you were at school and if you got an a or an a+ you'd get a 90 or above and if you got D or an F that would be 20. So, what's a 90 anyway? A 90 is a Quality, horse putting it quality round and excellent performance with a superb Jumping, style excellent movement perfect Pace and a well-mannered horse so this is a quality horse putting in an excellent round and the jumping style is Superb that is it's got its knees up its rounding And best cooling very nicely over top of the fence gets to each and every jump at the perfect spot so that it can Lift its legs up and round over top of its back and put in a nice jump and 80% is a good round it's a good horse good quality with a good Jump, good pace good style over top of its fences a good movement good manners What's the best score that you ever got in your hunter round? Put in the comments, below i'd like to hear about it. A score it between 70 and 80 is satisfactory so this, means it says Okay, horse okay round didn't do anything, bad but it just didn't have, that punch in that real Wow factor an 80 round or a 90 round, would have it's an ok Horse doing in a good round or it might be a really quality horse that missed Somewhere it got a little too close to one jump somewhere or had a fence where he just kind of dropped one of his legs a little bit So a 70 round is an okay horse doing a great job Sometimes you get horses that are not the best movers and not the best jumpers and on that's very best, day might be a 71% round just because of the way the horse moves with, the way the horse jumps and Just the way the horse the quality of the horse it may not be the best mover Or, may not be the nicest jumper but it's Putting its best round in on that day it might be a 70 and a 60 round is a Yeah, yeah, okay it's an okay round and for me this, is might be where there might be some Errors coming in for example it may have a dish united canada around the end of the ring or it may add in a stride along The line somewhere may have missed a lead or a late lead or some other type of errors for example getting a Little close to a job or just off the pace a little bit somewhere and if you get a 50 you know That you've made a mistake somewhere So you can have an exceptional horse That should be in the 80s or 90s and if it misses a spot, chips in it blows the lead Somewhere you're gonna get a 50-50 s are reserved, for major problems trotting on course Missing a jump, by missing i mean getting into close or a dangerous Jump stepping, off way too far, away From the jump and the horse swims over top of the jump i reserved a 40 mark for horses that have a knockdown knock a rail down, for me, that's gonna be a 40 and if you have a refusal that's gonna be a 30 Sometimes however you don't even get a mark, and those are that's where you get eliminated either for refusals or if you have a fall You know this stuff it shouldn't be a secret you should know How to get your best score that you can there's a rundown of the scores that you can have when you're one hunter class 90 80 70 60 50 40 What are you gonna get new next hunter class? My name is Laura. If you'd like, to win more ribbons at. Your next horse show Improve your riding and training or just like other horse related, stuff remember to subscribe thanks, now bye Now, go, use this stuff go, hug, your horse go, use this stuff thanks now, bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @ZNS_Eventing [10 likes]: this helped a lot! I have my first away show in April. do you have any tips for calming my horse down in shows? and any tips for her getting really fast and yanking her head up for flying changes? ❤
  2. @equinechlo [5 likes]: These are so helpful! I've recently got a new horse and am hoping to make her into a hunter jumper (after she gains some more muscle) and I'm not exactly sure what I need to work on with her to achieve that and how to go about it. any tips?
  3. @heatherlea5411 [5 likes]: I enjoy your videos. Your calm, in-depth explanations. I am new to this (starting at age 40, haven't ridden since teens and that was western/playdays) so I am learning the terminology. I appreciate how you break things down. I have been to two shows so far, a local HJ association. One was a last minute ground poles division after I had only 6 rides in lol We did well. In the ribbons each class including a first. Kuddos to my mount! Second show was Crossrails division. My next show is this coming weekend at a larger show series event, showing two days. I appreciate you putting out these kinds of videos.
I am hoping for some videos and pictures of my rides since my hubby will be there and I would love to send them to you. Again, thank you for your time!
  4. @mado11373 [3 likes]: I’m a long time eventer riding in my first ever hunter show next weekend, so I appreciate this!
  5. @EmmaEq [2 likes]: For the question: I’ve scored a 94 on my hunter pony and a 97 on my moms ex hunter (he’s partially retired now) but my mom got a 110 on him - it was a hunter derby. I’ve only received a 85 in my equitation class tho 😅
This was super helpful as I’m showing a new horse and our biggest problem is lines and my equitation on him as he is 18hh with a 14 foot step. I constantly get jumped out of the tack on him or I come out of my two point early. Any tips for managing a massive stride and 2 pointing?
  6. @christy65578 [1 likes]: I’ve never been told a score
  7. @Happydogue [1 likes]: Could you show examples?
  8. @skywonderly1768 [1 likes]: I’m an eventer but my daughter just started riding Hunter.  She rides 2ft junior and rode phenomenal.  The pony is green fast and keeps her head up not a good hunter pony and it’s so hard to convince my daughter she’s doing everything right it’s the pony going to fast we just need to teach the pony to slow down and get her head down.
  9. @robyn_shepherd24 [1 likes]: The best score I ever got in a Working Hunter was 98%
  10. @daphnelynn7325 [1 likes]: Is there any way you're able to tell if your horse is a hunter jumper
  11. @joanpauley3783 [1 likes]: You are so right! Folks should know. I started riding lessons, and jumped,but never was taught the difference between a hunt class and a jumper class. I was even thrown into a horse show at age 14 knowing nothing other than to get over the fences. I was first in so I didn't know what I should look like.
  12. @daniellecardella6174 [1 likes]: Love your videos!! Do you accept videos to review/critique?
  13. @Inthebarn2 [1 likes]: 90😂
  14. @trixieandsallyandmidnight [1 likes]: Like 60% or 70%
  15. @darkhoundnight [1 likes]: good vid!!
  16. @sabrinamccaig5779 [1 likes]: I have my first show coming up and now I’m terrified because of this video
  17. @Phoebesmith_6 [1 likes]: I think the highest score I’ve gotten in a hunter DERBY was an 89
  18. @fosteredbysunlight: What is the difference between hunters in the US and working hunters in the UK?
  19. @JordenH395: what are your thoughts on simple lead changes in an AMATEUR hunter division? would that still place below a horse that knocks a rail down, are you hard on a well executed simple change in the amateurs?
  20. @leestevens3702: 85

- Archie Cox: Standing Out in the Flat Class: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] what do you use to get your horse to show off the best that's what we really want and that's what i want you to know cleanliness tidiness showing the horse making that ring now make the ring even a little bit more like a diamond on the side with the bushes on the far side so that you can see where an angle looks a little bit better than just a straight line now the palomino's growing on me he's starting to relax down he's dropping his head down a little bit more her size she's a little bit big small pony looks like a young rider suitability is important if it affects the movement or the horse's jumping now the palomino looks great in the turn she's coming on a little angle and that's better this bay in front of me that's fantastic the bay on the far side again beautiful you guys can walk and then you change direction you make a change of direction the palomino immediately shifted her number card all three of them have you're making my job easier and i appreciate it these are small details that add up to a big picture and they add up to success now you go right to a canter please and right away the first stride you go forward the pony made a circle to get the best use of space 732 wanted to get away from the pony now they're a little sharper this direction they're all staying in the sun make it easy for me to judge you make it easy cleanliness tidiness number placement this is a good group now i'd like to see maybe the pony little kids make the circle smaller and smaller you can ride the ring like a diamond but the diamond should stay pretty big when available go out go out in the turn and then come in group lessons help produce a better sense of timing and a better sense of spacing in my group lessons people have to stay behind the same rider the entire time that way they learn spacing they learn eye level presentation all of those factors come into play when you're showing it all becomes second nature you're looking around now hand gallop now a little hand gallop you're out of the saddle further now right here she's in great form 724 she looks like she wants to win she's flying right along and now taking your time back down to your walk a gradual smooth transition is important the the test is movement in this class it's canner to walk kaner to i would like to see canner to walk gradually comfortably in a relaxed way your horse is strong it happens remember emotions remain outside the arena as a judge amen i may not i could overlook or miss a horse that was strong or misbehaved a poor transition i make a note god that kid just ripped that pony's mouth off hmm that's going to the bottom i don't like that there's no there's none of that in writing there's none of that in the show ring it's a gradual transition taking your time appreciating your partner horses want to do it right the more relaxed we stay in the show ring the more relaxed and fluid a stride you'll have and that will produce a better class

  Top Comments:
  1. @natashafrankie187 [25 likes]: love his voice, could literally listen to it all day haha
  2. @glo-gy9zb [20 likes]: As an ex dressage rider now in the hunters, I adore a horse that is collected/working throughout the body. Too often I see these beautiful warmbloods ridden hollow in the back with zero harmony! Number 724 had my eye the whole time, soft hands, small adjustments! her horse not an inch behind the vertical, just a gorgeous, classic frame. 732 was a little handsy to the trained eye, but again, not behind the vertical, both wonderful with engaged contact and eye catching movements.
  3. @emma-eventing [17 likes]: great tips! love the focus on relaxation
  4. @StormGSD [6 likes]: wHy do u put the number away from the judge? i don't understand that.
  5. @amalieeq1256 [6 likes]: These videos are life savers
  6. @torias.113 [3 likes]: Hi I'm form Switzerland and we don't have any kind of class in english riding, that is similar to this. Could somebody explain what's the idea behind a flat class? Why are they not simply starting in a low level dressage class? Wouldn't they get a more accurate judgement about the pro and cons of their equitation by riding a proper dressage test?
I'm not criticizing  anything, just trying to understand it.
Thanks for any answers :)
  7. @Kelly_Ben [3 likes]: Useful, thanks!
  8. @M._.P. [3 likes]: :) was this a clinic or an official class in the ring?? its soooo different here in Aus!
  9. @giovannalepore5946: Nice fluidity and happy horses excellent equitation -refreshing -group lessons -yeah !!! Just like the old days

- How To Handle Team Members with Bad Attitudes - 6 Tried & Tested Steps: Kind: captions Language: en how to handle team members with bad attitudes disruptive team members is a problem we've all faced either when managing a team ourselves or working in a team other team members bad attitudes can quickly affect your own attitude and performance and the team's attitude and performance and dealing with negative employees is energy draining at the best of times for all those around them i'm going to take you through six steps to take to improve this situation as a manager of that team and if you are a co-worker these steps will be just as useful for you to follow as well this is what we're going to cover bad attitudes can be more disruptive than poor performance on teen dynamics happiness and overall team performance it is in no one's interest to allow team members to continue with a bad attitude [Music] my name is jess coles and i've had a 25-year management career in innocent drinks fosters ey peer consulting and many other less well-known companies i've also won best team prizes at national and company level i've had to learn how to handle team members with bad attitudes early in my career the worst thing to do is do nothing even though ignoring the problem appears to be the easiest like many new managers i learnt this the hard way if you're new to this channel enhance.training provides online business courses to help you improve your personal performance and that of your team and business and if you like this video please give it a thumbs up and subscribe so let's go through six key steps to take for the benefit of all when you're thinking about how to handle team members with bad attitudes the first and most important step is not to ignore the problem a team member with a bad attitude can quickly infect others with negative behaviors and you can easily see team morale and motivation heading downwards it is your job as a manager to handle this problem to do your job you cannot ignore the situation you must take action all the other team members are looking at you to see how you will react and your reactions are going to be setting the rules not what you say if you take no action you are effectively signaling to the team that it is perfectly fine to have bad attitudes through your lack of action if team motivation and happiness drop then team performance is likely to follow fairly soon afterwards and then you'll have your manager worried about your performance so take action as quickly as practical after you become aware that a person in the team has a bad attitude and if you're not the manager of the team then your role is to make the manager aware of the bad attitude of a team member and before you speak to your manager take the time to gather some examples note down what is said by the person and when start the conversation with your manager along the lines of peter i'm worried that something is wrong with bob he seems very down and is being very negative at the moment some of the examples of what he is saying to colleagues is and then go on to a couple of your examples if your manager is not aware of the problem they will not be able to take action and successfully manage disruptive employees so don't ignore the problem or hope somebody else will say something take the second step when planning how to handle team members with bad attitudes is to find out exactly why the employee has a bad attitude there can be huge range of reasons and until you know why the behavior is happening it is very hard to decide what action to take when planning how to handle employees with bad attitudes you know some examples of the reasons could be firstly the team member is really upset at how they're being treated at work colleagues might be causing them problems they might have a problem with what you as their manager is doing or the actions that you've taken or they may have recently missed a promotion etc there can be a whole range of reasons secondly the team member has problems at home or in their personal lives which is impacting their outlook and behavior at work third the employee is a negative or a glass half full person you know they're always looking for faults or what could go wrong fourth the employee might have you know low self-esteem or low confidence and is trying to bring others down to make themselves feel better these are only some of the many reasons before you start dealing with the negative employee speak to other team members you know is the bad attitude being experienced by all or many of the team members or is it just being experienced by one person collate a number of different examples from several team members so you can provide examples to the individual rather than just your opinion this creates a much stronger impact and is much harder for the team member with a bad attitude to just brush off then have a private meeting with the individual with a bad attitude use the examples to highlight the issues and ask what is causing this behavior then stop talking and actively listen to their answer give them plenty of space and time to respond don't take the next steps until you understand what is causing the bad attitude and disruptive behavior the third step when planning how to is to decide if the bad attitude is likely to be temporary or a more permanent feature for example if you have a team member who's worked at the company for years and until recently has had a good or reasonable attitude then there is a good chance of being able to improve their attitude if you have a new starter and they seem to be just selling discord within their team already then there is a good chance this might be a personality issue and a more permanent aspect to their behaviour and personality so after understanding the reasons for the bad attitude use your judgment to weigh up the effort of supporting the person to change their attitude and the likelihood of that support being successful against the time and effort you'll have to put in for what appears to be a temporary bad attitude then the effort is like to be very worthwhile if it appears a more permanent feature of their approach and behaviour providing support and coaching is a lot less likely to be successful you will not be able to change the behavior and attitude of the other person unless they understand the problem their bad attitude is causing and they want to change their approach the disruptive employee has to choose to change you can't make them change or choose for them the fourth step when planning how to is to decide the best course of action there are a wide range of actions that you could consider and it is important you choose the right approach for the given situation the surer you are that the individual is having a temporary period of bad attitude then the more it is in yours and the company's interests to support them to get back to a more constructive and positive attitude this saves the time and cost of hiring a new person and training them etc plus you're going to build loyalty in your team and with that person all good reasons for investing the time to see if you can help them change their attitude the more permanent the bad attitude appears to be or the less evidence that the person has been more positive in the past then the stronger i advise you to take steps to remove this person from the team and the company you know for example if the person has recently joined and is demonstrating a bad attitude when they should be on their best behavior what will they be like when they are more established in the business you know why take the risk and keep them in the business use your judgment as to how temporary or permanent the bad attitude is consider this when planning what course of action to take the fifth step when planning how to is to set out your expectations in writing in most scenarios i would suggest that you set out a personal improvement plan with the individual this is a written document that you put together setting out your expectations of their behaviour with examples of what good behaviour or attitude looks like a very important step is to get the individual to contribute and give them the opportunity to negotiate points that they feel are unfair or unreasonable if you have gathered sufficient examples in step two then this process will get to mutually agreed goals that you need by improving their behavior and attitude even if the individual is being difficult give the individual a time frame to improve their attitude you know three months is long enough to see significant improvement to a bad attitude if there is no or little improvement you can always take more formal actions sooner than three months set measurable milestones where possible so both you and the other party know when they have reached acceptable attitudes and behaviors this step is not as easy to do for attitude issues as it is before for performance issues an example might be you know team members no longer experiencing negative behavior and to measure this you could use several people's opinions rather than just your own you know this is fairer and is seen to be fairer and therefore less disputable then set up fortnightly or monthly progress meetings and capturing writing the progress or the lack of it with the individual try to avoid a situation which has your opinion pitted against theirs use factual evidence or third-party opinion as much as possible coach and support the individual as much as possible or get another person to undertake this role assuming you've decided that improving the individual's attitude is beneficial for the team and the business this is a really important step so do put the time and effort to do this the sixth step when planning how to is to make the change happen as a manager or leader learning how to manage disruptive employees to a successful conclusion is important as discussed bad attitudes can create a lot of problems for you the team and the business so one way or another you need to help the person's attitude to a much more positive place or move the person from the team and the i believe in giving team members a good chance spending time coaching listening and supporting them can make a huge difference to their attitude helping them remove the problem that is causing their bad attitude will also make a huge difference with valued employees that have added a lot to the team then making the time to support them is a no-brainer keep a documented framework of the support you provide and keep monitoring their progress against agreed expectations if you have listened supported and coached yet there is no or very little change to the team members bad attitude then you need to take sensible steps to remove them from your team before they do further damage or if the team member with a bad attitude is a new person on probation or early in their career with your company then it is your judgment call whether you move much more quickly to remove them from the business do not shy away from taking steps to remove disruptive employees with bad attitudes from your business good luck in how you go about dealing with negative employees by taking positive action you are signaling to the individual and your team that you will not put up with bad be as supportive and as fair as possible and if that doesn't work take alternative action remember the most important action to take in how to deal with an employee with a bad attitude is to start the process that i've taken you through the sooner the better do visit us and take a look at our online business courses and resources to help you lead and manage your team more effectively thanks for watching and i look forward to speaking to you again soon you

  Top Comments:
  1. @Joshua.M.Florez [19 likes]: I like how a bad attitude is being  addressed so seriously as like an organizational boogie man. But Its real! One bad attitude can kill a whole teams morale.
  2. @DreamWizard9 [6 likes]: In the first example, you threw Bob under the bus! That is what I call the most toxic behaviour of all: going to tell the manager about someone else, behind their back. Just talk to Bob first!
  3. @KennethPullins [1 likes]: Have you ever stopped  and put yourself in that guy's shoe's.  Bet you change your tune then.
  4. @traceygarton8621 [1 likes]: There are SO many people on my team with a bad attitude, lack of interest, negative/defeatist and no accountable team leadership members - it’s killing me as a new team member with an experience in leadership myself. I know I have so much to offer and I enjoy the job itself (not my team), don’t know how I am going to last in my role
  5. @jayee2134 [1 likes]: Great videos, I'm a leader myself with years of experience and had these types of employees that doesn't know how to appreciate that things that you do to support them instead they only sees your mistake and take ir against you. Most content creators only focuses on attacking leaders and putting them down looking terrible to some people. Why don't they try putting themselve in a leaders shoe and share their thoughts how did it went after.
  6. @Dusty338 [1 likes]: Do you consider an employee quiet quitting due to a toxic work environment as having a bad attitude? This is my personal situation, and while I still perform all of the core aspects of my job, I refuse to go "above and beyond." This is being framed as an attitude problem by my supervisor, who also refuses to hear my concerns.
  7. @susanhenderson2322 [1 likes]: A bad attitude is better than no attitude,
  8. @Thinking_Ape_Plus_Clothes: I wish I had this video six months ago.

I was working on a large engagement with approximately 10 people. I was the engagement manager, and I had two managers reporting into me. One of them was new to the team and to our line of work. Naturally they were great with clients and hard working (was always working late and putting in extra graft). I think they also excelled in coaching and could probably been a strong manager. However, they were negative, rude, arrogant, obnoxious. The worst issue was that they spoke negatively about the engagement both within and outside of the engagement. Morale was low, others started speaking negatively and the issue spiralled.

In the end I pushed to get them off the engagement rather than trying to deal with the issue directly.

If I’m being honest with myself, I feel like I was being a coward and shying away from having a challenging conversation. They didn’t get what they probably deserved from me and now they’re paying the price.

The lesson is clear. It sounds simple but don’t shy away from trying to tackle this. It’ll get worse and you’ll regret it. Going forward I will heed the advice in this video and resolve to do better!
  9. @Poopoopeepee6969: What if they have some sort of disorder and it’s hard to show behavior when others think it’s just the way they are.
  10. @Willzyxx: If you dont kiss ass your fired.
  11. @zendaebbe: Number one bullshitguy
  12. @Roostersride: PIP’s just inform the person that you are documenting their behavior to use against them later.
  13. @daisyfayewright: When having conversations with the employee, how do you name the bad attitude - do you quite literally say - in this specific scenario, you had a “bad attitude”? I would really appreciate your response, I have an informal meeting with a longstanding ‘issue’ employee I am newly managing on Friday.
  14. @m.fazlurrahman5854: No. Need as its hereditary. In-built. There is a saying attitudes are learnt or could be the result of something else!!
  15. @elchingonchoppers814: The real question is do they really have a bad attitude or does the rest of the team actually have a bad attitude.
  16. @RachelsBadAssJamz64: What to do when the manager doesnt do anything after you tell them
  17. @janethatfield5098: Sorry this is not fair as  people that do not have bad attitudes are portrayed . The bottom line is that others speak about them that way when its not true this is where the individual starts to be used harrassed and bullied .
  18. @PVertaeepw: Hi dear can I please ask your question.at coworker manager & employer only one work place that blamed me myself be Attitude person at work.at the kitchen.I,m new and work and learn quickly and becomfiden work well with the team members.learn quickly and thinking fast doing fast.speek up when others it treat me unfair 😂.they tell me you not around to speak and say anything to the team members just say yes only.can help and explain please.I,m keep do what the best for myself and for company.😅
  19. @MrNeckto: What do you do when the person refuses to be truthful about what their problem is?
  20. @MyDiscovery2021: Few examples of BAD attitude at work?

- How to Stop Fighting Intrusive or Negative Thoughts - Passengers on a Bus Exercise from ACT: Kind: captions Language: en Have you ever felt like your thoughts are running&nbsp; the show? Like, no matter how hard you try to push&nbsp;&nbsp; them away, they keep coming back louder than ever.&nbsp; Maybe you deal with intrusive thoughts that feel&nbsp;&nbsp; terrifying or you constantly overthink every&nbsp; decision or you beat yourself up with negative&nbsp;&nbsp; thoughts that tell you you're a waste of space.&nbsp; These thoughts can feel really overwhelming and&nbsp;&nbsp; can seem to stop you from moving forward in your&nbsp; life or from being happy or doing your work or&nbsp;&nbsp; building relationships. So if that sounds like&nbsp; you, then let me teach you an exercise that can&nbsp;&nbsp; help you break free from struggling with intrusive&nbsp; thoughts or overthinking. It's called the&nbsp;&nbsp; Passengers on the Bus Metaphor from Acceptance and&nbsp; Commitment Therapy. This metaphor was developed by&nbsp;&nbsp; Steven Hayes, the founder of ACT and it offers&nbsp; a simple but powerful shift. You are not your&nbsp;&nbsp; thoughts, you are the driver of your life. So&nbsp; imagine you're a bus driver. Everybody hold on!&nbsp;&nbsp; This bus represents your life and you&nbsp; get to decide where to go. Your job is&nbsp;&nbsp; to steer the bus toward your values. These&nbsp; are things like love, connection, growth,&nbsp;&nbsp; or purpose. But here's the catch. Just like&nbsp; your mind, your bus isn't empty. It's packed&nbsp;&nbsp; with passengers and these passengers are your&nbsp; thoughts. They're your emotions and they're&nbsp;&nbsp; your memories. Sometimes passengers get on and&nbsp; sometimes passengers get off. Right? Some of these&nbsp;&nbsp; passengers are friendly and encouraging. They say&nbsp; things like, "Thanks for picking me up!" "You're&nbsp;&nbsp; a great driver!" Right? Or you have thoughts&nbsp; like, I'm really grateful to have supportive&nbsp;&nbsp; friends and family or I'm getting better at&nbsp; things that used to be hard for me. But other&nbsp;&nbsp; thoughts are loud or critical or annoying or even&nbsp; threatening. They might yell things at you like,&nbsp;&nbsp; "You're a terrible driver!" "This is too scary!&nbsp; Turn back!" "You're never ever going to make&nbsp;&nbsp; it! So why even try?" Common intrusive thoughts&nbsp; include things like, what if I lose control and&nbsp;&nbsp; hurt someone? Did I say something offensive? What&nbsp; if my partner secretly doesn't love me? What if&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm a bad person? Okay. Let's imagine an example.&nbsp; Let's use Sarah. Sarah struggles with social&nbsp;&nbsp; anxiety. She values connection and meaningful&nbsp; friendships. But every time she thinks about going&nbsp;&nbsp; to a social event, passengers on her bus start&nbsp; yelling, "You're going to embarrass yourself!&nbsp;&nbsp; People will think you're awkward! You should just&nbsp; stay home where you're safe!" Now, in the past,&nbsp;&nbsp; Sarah listened to these passengers. She would&nbsp; cancel plans last minute. She would avoid meeting&nbsp;&nbsp; new people. She would distract herself with her&nbsp; phone. But this avoidance made her feel isolated,&nbsp;&nbsp; disconnected, and regretful. Now these thoughts&nbsp; can feel so real that they pull you off course.&nbsp;&nbsp; The passengers might demand that you stop the&nbsp; bus, that you take a detour, or even that you let&nbsp;&nbsp; them drive. These thoughts try to convince you&nbsp; that they're in control. But here's the power,&nbsp;&nbsp; they don't actually have the power to steer.&nbsp; Only you do, okay? Now on the other hand,&nbsp;&nbsp; sometimes we listen to these thoughts we believe&nbsp; them and we let them tell us what to do. But a lot&nbsp;&nbsp; of us also react to intrusive thoughts not&nbsp; by listening to them but by fighting them.&nbsp;&nbsp; So does your bus driver self ever argue with the&nbsp; passengers to try to prove them wrong? You might&nbsp;&nbsp; try anything to get rid of these thoughts, these&nbsp; passengers. You might yell at them and try and&nbsp;&nbsp; throw them off the bus. But to do that, you have&nbsp; to get up from your driver's seat and move away&nbsp;&nbsp; from driving in the direction you want to go. You&nbsp; might stop driving just to appease them. But the&nbsp;&nbsp; problem is the more you argue with these kinds&nbsp; of thoughts, the louder they get. For example,&nbsp;&nbsp; imagine a passenger might say, "Oh, you're a&nbsp; terrible person!" And if you start arguing,&nbsp;&nbsp; "No, I'm not! I do good things!" The&nbsp; passenger will probably remind you, "Oh,&nbsp;&nbsp; yeah? What about how you screwed up that&nbsp; thing at work yesterday?" And guess what?&nbsp;&nbsp; You're now sucked into a power struggle with&nbsp; your own mind. The more you fight the thought,&nbsp;&nbsp; the more power it has to hold you back. When we&nbsp; fight our thoughts, we usually lose track of where&nbsp;&nbsp; we were going in the first place. When we spend&nbsp; a lot of time trying to argue with our thoughts,&nbsp;&nbsp; then it generally doesn't help us live that rich,&nbsp; meaningful, purposeful life that we're trying to&nbsp;&nbsp; work towards with our day-to-day actions. Okay.&nbsp; So fighting with thoughts is just as harmful as&nbsp;&nbsp; listening to them. Oh, gosh! Okay. So you might&nbsp; wonder like but what if my thoughts are dangerous,&nbsp;&nbsp; right? Just like with this bus. Like, what if&nbsp; the passengers attack me if I don't listen to&nbsp;&nbsp; them? Shouldn't I force them off the bus? Okay.&nbsp; This is where we often stall out with intrusive&nbsp;&nbsp; thoughts. They seem so frightening that we get&nbsp; stuck trying to control them or even worse,&nbsp;&nbsp; we get stuck avoiding them. Okay. So intrusive&nbsp; thoughts like, "Oh my gosh! What if my partner&nbsp;&nbsp; doesn't love me? This is terrifying to me." Like,&nbsp; I have to check with them over and over and over&nbsp;&nbsp; again or you might have an intrusive thought like,&nbsp; what have I hurt my baby? This is a really common&nbsp;&nbsp; intrusive thought that comes after moms have&nbsp; babies. Now the truth is unlike actual passengers&nbsp;&nbsp; in a bus, our thoughts cannot hurt us. So, the&nbsp; goal of this exercise is to help us build up the&nbsp;&nbsp; skills to notice the thoughts and just say, "Thank&nbsp; you brain for coming up with another thought. That&nbsp;&nbsp; one's not helpful." Right? So in Acceptance&nbsp; Commitment Therapy this is called diffusion,&nbsp;&nbsp; getting unstuck from thoughts instead of fighting&nbsp; them. Trying to get rid of uncomfortable thoughts&nbsp;&nbsp; feelings often leads to us spinning our wheels,&nbsp; getting distracted getting out of our driver's&nbsp;&nbsp; seat, and getting quite stuck. So Sarah, for&nbsp; example with the social anxiety, Sarah would spend&nbsp;&nbsp; a lot of time trying to force herself to feel&nbsp; confident. Yeah! I have to be confident! Well,&nbsp;&nbsp; what if I'm not confident enough? Well, I'm fine!&nbsp; I'm fine! It'll be great! Everyone's going to like&nbsp;&nbsp; me. But what about Bob? I'm not sure he likes you,&nbsp; right? She tried to force herself to think and&nbsp;&nbsp; feel confident before going to the party and if&nbsp; she couldn't change her thinking, which sometimes&nbsp;&nbsp; happened, she wouldn't go to the party. Now&nbsp; if you're busy arguing with your thoughts&nbsp;&nbsp; or debating with your thoughts or listening to&nbsp; your thoughts, you might stop making decisions.&nbsp;&nbsp; You might avoid risks. You might withdraw from&nbsp; relationships or just give up on the things that&nbsp;&nbsp; matter to you to keep the passengers quiet. So&nbsp; they're like, "Hey! Don't go that way! That might&nbsp;&nbsp; be dangerous! You're going the wrong direction!&nbsp; What if something bad happens?" And you're like,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Fine! I'm going to park my bus. I'm going to stop&nbsp; going the way I wanted to go. I'm just going to&nbsp;&nbsp; look at Netflix all day and try not to be bothered&nbsp; by my thoughts." Right? But by doing that, you're&nbsp;&nbsp; letting those intrusive thoughts or negative&nbsp; thoughts decide what you do with your life. You're&nbsp;&nbsp; no longer able to pay attention to where you want&nbsp; your bus to go because you're so wrapped up in&nbsp;&nbsp; trying to make the passengers be quiet or to try&nbsp; to convince them to change. We're going to stick&nbsp;&nbsp; with this exercise because with practice you're&nbsp; going to learn that the passengers' thoughts and&nbsp;&nbsp; emotions, they can't actually hurt you. They just&nbsp; can get really loud at times. Okay. So instead of&nbsp;&nbsp; stopping the bus to argue with the passengers&nbsp; or pulling over so that they don't yell at you,&nbsp;&nbsp; we're going to take a different approach. Instead&nbsp; of fighting the passengers, fighting our thoughts,&nbsp;&nbsp; trying to control them, what if rather than trying&nbsp; to kick them off or arguing, you just acknowledge&nbsp;&nbsp; their presence and you keep driving anyway. Okay.&nbsp; So this doesn't mean that you like the thoughts.&nbsp;&nbsp; It doesn't mean that you agree with them. It just&nbsp; means that you recognize that they don't have to&nbsp;&nbsp; stop you. So when a self-doubt passenger pipes up&nbsp; with, "I don't think you can pull this off!" You&nbsp;&nbsp; would say, "Thanks for your input but I'm still&nbsp; driving toward what matters to me." "What if your&nbsp;&nbsp; husband doesn't love you?" "You know what? I'm&nbsp; just going to keep investing in my relationship.&nbsp;&nbsp; Thanks for popping up brain but I don't need to&nbsp; listen to you." Okay. Some of these passengers&nbsp;&nbsp; might always be on your bus, that's okay. You&nbsp; don't need them to leave before you can move&nbsp;&nbsp; forward. The goal isn't to get rid of them, it's&nbsp; to drive toward your values and that's where a&nbsp;&nbsp; lot of times we get distracted. You have to pull&nbsp; the bus over, stop going where you want to go, and&nbsp;&nbsp; spend all your energy trying to get rid of them or&nbsp; you can choose, "You know what? I'm just going to&nbsp;&nbsp; keep working toward building up my relationships."&nbsp; Right? So here's how you can use this metaphor in&nbsp;&nbsp; your own life to manage intrusive thoughts,&nbsp; negative thoughts, really loud overthinking&nbsp;&nbsp; thoughts. Right? Step number one, identify your&nbsp; passengers. So take a minute, if you're struggling&nbsp;&nbsp; with negative or intrusive thoughts, take a moment&nbsp; to write down some of the thoughts, emotions,&nbsp;&nbsp; or memories that tend to show up and derail you.&nbsp; What do they say? What do they try to convince&nbsp;&nbsp; you of? They might say things like, "No one likes&nbsp; you! You're never good enough! You shouldn't try!&nbsp;&nbsp; You might fail!" Right? Okay. Step two we're going&nbsp; to name and externalize the passengers. So we're&nbsp;&nbsp; going to give each of these types of thoughts a&nbsp; name like, "Hey! You're the Worry Wart! And this&nbsp;&nbsp; one is the Criticizer!" Right? And you externalize&nbsp; them and by doing that by giving them a name,&nbsp;&nbsp; this can help you see that these thoughts aren't&nbsp; you. You are not your thoughts. They're just&nbsp;&nbsp; passengers on the bus. So I often am like, "Oh,&nbsp; hey! There's my perfectionist mind speaking up&nbsp;&nbsp; again! You're sure loud today. But I don't have&nbsp; to listen to you!" Okay. Step three, you're going&nbsp;&nbsp; to acknowledge that they're there but you don't&nbsp; have to engage with them. So when these thoughts&nbsp;&nbsp; show up, you can practice saying, "I hear you but&nbsp; I'm still driving!" You notice them but you don't&nbsp;&nbsp; argue with them. Honestly, this is a skill like,&nbsp; the physical skill of driving while people say&nbsp;&nbsp; stuff is like, how you like actually get anywhere&nbsp; in a car as a parent. You're like, "Okay, my kids&nbsp;&nbsp; are saying all kinds of things, I'm just going&nbsp; to focus on like driving." When your thoughts&nbsp;&nbsp; are really persistent, you can imagine creating&nbsp; a little bit of space for them by imagining them&nbsp;&nbsp; sitting in the back of the bus rather than&nbsp; shouting from the front or you could just try&nbsp;&nbsp; like speaking to your thoughts by saying something&nbsp; like, "Wow! Self-doubt, like you're really loud&nbsp;&nbsp; today! Looks like you need to go to the back of&nbsp; the bus!" But even if they don't listen to you,&nbsp;&nbsp; it doesn't matter because you're driving the bus.&nbsp; Over time as you move toward your values, you'll&nbsp;&nbsp; probably find that some passengers quiet down&nbsp; or that you simply don't pay as much attention&nbsp;&nbsp; to them. Step four, this is the most important&nbsp; part, you keep your hands on the wheel. Right?&nbsp;&nbsp; You remind yourself where you want to go. What&nbsp; do you actually care about? What are your values?&nbsp;&nbsp; What kind of life do you want to create? Values&nbsp; are not the same as a destination. So destination&nbsp;&nbsp; might be like an actual concrete goal like, I want&nbsp; to get married. But the value is like, I value&nbsp;&nbsp; connection. I value closeness. I value commitment.&nbsp; Right? So for example, I value speaking up for my&nbsp;&nbsp; beliefs. I value serving and loving others. I&nbsp; value hard work. Values are about knowing what&nbsp;&nbsp; direction you're going in. I am traveling north.&nbsp; Now sometimes people wonder, "But what if I still&nbsp;&nbsp; have intrusive thoughts when I'm traveling north?&nbsp; What if the passengers keep yelling at me to turn&nbsp;&nbsp; around? What if my thoughts keep questioning my&nbsp; abilities? Shouldn't they be quieter?" Here's&nbsp;&nbsp; my answer: they don't matter. They're not the&nbsp; ones driving. Thoughts may seem to threaten&nbsp;&nbsp; you or others but as you practice defusion, as you&nbsp; practice this ACT skill of noticing your thoughts&nbsp;&nbsp; without listening to them or believing them or&nbsp; fighting with them, you'll learn that thoughts&nbsp;&nbsp; can't actually hurt you. When you focus your&nbsp; energy and attention on what you can control, they&nbsp;&nbsp; just won't matter as much. They'll probably quiet&nbsp; down. So no matter how loud the thoughts get,&nbsp;&nbsp; you keep driving in the direction that aligns with&nbsp; your goals. Okay. So back to Sarah. One day Sarah&nbsp;&nbsp; decides to handle things differently. She reminds&nbsp; herself, "I'm the driver of this bus. My values,&nbsp;&nbsp; not my fears, decide where to go." Her value is&nbsp; connection and that means showing up even if it's&nbsp;&nbsp; uncomfortable. So she goes to the party and the&nbsp; anxious passengers are still there. They whisper,&nbsp;&nbsp; "You're saying the wrong thing! Just leave!" But&nbsp; instead of arguing or trying to push them off,&nbsp;&nbsp; Sarah acknowledges them I hear you but I don't&nbsp; have to listen to you or fight you. I'm choosing&nbsp;&nbsp; connection. So she stays. She engages in small&nbsp; talk. She even enjoys herself and over time she&nbsp;&nbsp; realizes something. The more she drives toward her&nbsp; values, the less power the passengers have. They&nbsp;&nbsp; might come. They might go. Sometimes they're loud.&nbsp; Generally, they're quieter and most importantly&nbsp;&nbsp; they don't get to steer anymore. She starts to&nbsp; build better and deeper friendships and she starts&nbsp;&nbsp; to feel more comfortable being around people.&nbsp; Sometimes those passengers still yell at her. "Oh,&nbsp;&nbsp; my gosh! I can't believe you said that yesterday!"&nbsp; Right? But she just doesn't listen to them as&nbsp;&nbsp; much. This is how the Passengers on the Bus&nbsp; Exercise can help with social anxiety. You don't&nbsp;&nbsp; have to silence the fear. You just have to keep&nbsp; driving towards what matters and really the way&nbsp;&nbsp; our brains work is when we behaviorally act in&nbsp; a courageous way, it teaches our brain we don't&nbsp;&nbsp; have to be so scared and anxious anymore. Okay.&nbsp; Final thoughts. Maybe instead of anxiety, you're&nbsp;&nbsp; struggling with negative self-talk or emotion&nbsp; regulation or setting healthy boundaries. I have&nbsp;&nbsp; posted a lot of videos about those topics but I&nbsp; really like the Passengers on the Bus Metaphor as&nbsp;&nbsp; a tool for improving any of those things because&nbsp; when you see yourself as the driver, it's a really&nbsp;&nbsp; powerful way to shift your relationship with your&nbsp; thoughts and feelings. You really can coexist&nbsp;&nbsp; with those thoughts and those emotions or those&nbsp; physical sensations without letting them take&nbsp;&nbsp; control and this is the essence of psychological&nbsp; flexibility. You don't have to control all your&nbsp;&nbsp; thoughts to live a full and meaningful life, you&nbsp; just have to keep driving in the direction that&nbsp;&nbsp; matters to you. Okay, if this video was helpful&nbsp; for you and you'd like to get more tools for&nbsp;&nbsp; your mental health, you could sign up for my&nbsp; newsletter. Every week, I share a couple of&nbsp;&nbsp; videos and resources that can help you get better&nbsp; at feeling and the next time a negative thought&nbsp;&nbsp; or uncomfortable emotion tries to hijack you to&nbsp; your journey, remind yourself, "I'm the driver!&nbsp;&nbsp; The passengers don't get to decide where I go!"&nbsp; And then keep driving. Okay. Thanks for watching&nbsp;&nbsp; and take care. Hey! If you found any part of this&nbsp; video helpful, I'd really appreciate it if you&nbsp;&nbsp; could give it a thumbs up or comment below what&nbsp; you found was helpful. Also, if you can think of&nbsp;&nbsp; someone who might benefit from this video, if you&nbsp; could share it, that'll help them but all of these&nbsp;&nbsp; things help tell the algorithm that this content&nbsp; is helpful for people and then they'll show it to&nbsp;&nbsp; more people who it can help. So really appreciate&nbsp; it. Thank you so much for being here. Take care!

  Top Comments:
  1. @TherapyinaNutshell [100 likes]: Improve your mental health with the free course, https://courses.therapyinanutshell.com/grounding-skills-for-anxiety-stress-and-ptsd
  2. @scarletspade-c8k [5 likes]: You can't control your thoughts, but you can control how you respond.
  3. @gamingreversalpm4727 [1 likes]: I'll use this but with an airplane and the pilot who decides to leave the cockpit on its own to take care of unruly passengers (I'm an avgeek)
  4. @RelaxunoOfficial [1 likes]: A racing mind is exhausting, even when the body is still.
  5. @BradyPet [1 likes]: 10:50
  6. @suemitchel-runow3566: it took me a very long time to become aware of negative my thinking was...they ran my show in to the ground for decades ...but i m finally z
turning this around...better late than never
  7. @ireluke8816: Most of the time I don't  even realise that these thoughts are intrusive or negative. I don't see them at all. Only later maybe, but much much later. And damage is done.
  8. @MangaMihu: What an experience ❤
  9. @garnerjazz58: Loose the action clips. Intrusive and aggressive
  10. @JohnKlariti: This metaphor is so useful because it removes the pressure to “fix” every thought.

The passengers can be loud, annoying, and dramatic… but they don’t have to drive.

For me, that’s the real shift:
not fighting the thought, not becoming the thought, just noticing it and choosing the direction anyway.

The goal isn’t a quiet bus.
It’s keeping your hands on the wheel.
  11. @loves_all_races: I am the driver missing a good one
  12. @blessedhelper6787: This is great! 👍😸
  13. @danigarcia1025: My aunt got hit by a drunk driver right after my sisters wedding:/ my aunt and grandma were in the car and got pretty hurt :( now we have a game plan for what’s gonna happen next but I can’t stop these thoughts. I always find myself coming back to these videos and they make me feel better
  14. @jessicapankiw1067: You are so awesome! Thx for being so smart and helpful❤
  15. @RBMasterRB: No matter what the topic, I can't help but smile and feel better just hearing and seeing Emma.  Can you even imagine her as a MOM!  So cool!
  16. @PaulinaMalin4: Thank you soooo much for this

I wish you were my therapist
  17. @Melanotia07: I have one. The cynic. That one always doubts EVERYTHING.
  18. @bobma6775: I have them bad. I’m so scared that they’re going to take over or make me snap one day. It terrifies me.
  19. @17kitai: Super helpful and you speak with such a comforting, friendly tone. I really needed this right now. Thank you so much ❤
  20. @ThePatchworkBird: My values, not my fears, direct me where to go ❤

- How to Deal With Underperforming Team Members -Tried & Tested Approach: Kind: captions Language: en working out how to deal with an underperforming team member and then taking the right action is one of the bigger personal challenges any manager or leader faces at work i never liked dealing with underperformers yet i knew that procrastinating and doing nothing was the worst option i also learned that when dealing with underperformers as a manager you're very much on your own it is you that has to assess the situation have the difficult conversations decide on the action that needs to be taken and putting the time to deal with the situation your manager hr and official procedures etc usually offer limited support at best i'd like to take you through the approach that i've used successfully time and time again over the 25 years of managing teams there are six main steps or actions to take and towards the end of the video i share an example of improvement plans that i've successfully used in the past to show you how to document and monitor progress [Music] my name is jess coles and i've had a 25-year management career in innocent drinks fosters ey peer consulting and many other less well-known companies i had to learn what to do with a poor performer at work early in my career and i've successfully dealt with many underperforming employees since of the work i've done with underperforming employees i would say around 7 out of 10 have gone on to improve their performance and caught up with their peer group and i've had a few of these people go on to become star performers of the team i truly believe that helping an underperforming employee improve is the best result for all for them for you and the company if you're new to this channel enhance.training provides online business courses to help you improve personal performance and that of the team and business and if you like this video please give it a thumbs up and subscribe so the first must-do step in how to deal with an underperforming team member is don't ignore the problem by ignoring under performance you're effectively signaling through your actions to the individual and the whole team that it is okay to underperform you are saying underperform and nothing is going to happen if anything the performance of the individual is likely to get worse not better as you can imagine this impacts the performance of the other team members and quickly the team overall then your manager is going to be asking questions about your ability to manage teams the business will certainly be worse off this is the worst result for everyone your annoyance anger stress levels are all going to rise the longer you put off dealing with a poor performer at work so don't ignore the problem as a manager you must deal with an underperforming team member to resolve the underperformance the second action in how to deal with an underperforming employee is to talk to the underperformer and find out the reasons for the under performance talk to the individual earlier rather than later you know firstly set out the issues that you're having with their performance the reason why this is an issue for you the team or the business and provide specific examples do not talk in general terms be specific and use examples give them a chance to respond and then find out why they're underperforming there can be loads of reasons why until you speak to them and ask them you'll only be guessing i'm still really surprised about what comes out of these types of conversation be supportive care and most importantly actively listen to what they say ask what the problem is and then stop talking it's harder than it sounds particularly if the silence stretches into two or three minutes when you know what the problems are then you are in a much better place to help the individual some common reasons for underperformance include firstly boredom or lack of challenge or lack of development secondly not being capable enough to actually do the job third they lack vital skills or knowledge fourth they might have a poor attitude fifth there could be a big mismatch or gap between your expectations and theirs and six they might have personal issues going on outside of work seven they may be having problems with you as their manager or other members of staff and eight they may lack vital resources to do their role properly so speak to the individual about their performance be specific and use examples and then find out why they're not performing or delivering in their role once you understand why they are performing the third action in how to deal with an underperforming team member is to agree on expectations and a plan of action with the underperformer tell the individual what you think and tell them what you want i.e set out your expectations then get them to tell you what they think and what they think are reasonable expect to compromise on your expectations your aim is to get a set of expectations that both parties accept getting their input and compromising takes more time than just setting out your expectations the benefit you get is the other person has inputted into the expectations has been listened to and you have compromised all which means that they are a lot more likely to agree with and own the expectations and thus be motivated to achieve them next set measurable goals together once you've agreed the goals to be reached or what good looks like discuss how they're going to get from where they are now to meeting and beating those goals get the individual to provide input and ideas as to how they're going to improve their performance and what help they need the output you need is a joint plan with specific expectations and goals and these should be captured in a written document that you can both refer to make sure the goals are smart as much as possible anyway and neither of you want to be in any doubt when the goals have been reached i usually use a three-month time frame from the initial plan which gives enough time for the underperformer to improve performance but is short enough so you can take alternative action if the underperformer doesn't put in the effort it is useful to build in milestones into the plan where possible so there's a series of mini goals to achieve on the way to achieving the main goal it is so important that the underperformer has inputted into and agrees with the plan and goals that you have set out ideally you need them to willingly accept both the fourth action in how to deal with an underperforming team member is to coach and mentor them i think actively helping the individual to improve is a vital step by providing your time and support your actions are demonstrating that you want them to succeed and improve their performance you have to give them the tools to enable them to improve their performance provide the knowledge the benefit of your experience and coach them to improve their skills i have found that this increases their motivation and their effort levels and with this their chances of success also increase coaching and mentoring is a great way to pass on your knowledge and help the underperformer develop their skills of course this doesn't always work you can only coach or mentor a person effectively that accepts there is a problem and wants to improve their if the person doesn't want to improve then whatever you do will have a limited impact on their performance if you want to significantly increase the chances that the employer will improve their underperformance then invest a good amount of time in coaching and mentoring them you could also assign another team member to help them or individuals from other teams be conscious of maintaining confidentiality in this situation the fifth action in how to deal with an underperforming employee is to give honest feedback and monitor progress i recommend that you provide lots of open and honest feedback to the individual without specific feedback they are not going to know what they are doing well and what still needs to be improved leaving them guessing is not fair to them and it does not help improve their when giving feedback do your best to make it firstly open and honest secondly the feedback is as specific and detailed as possible use lots of examples by all means and third give feedback with their development in mind so you're always trying to improve what they're trying to do and fourth don't delay giving feedback because you want them to improve as quickly as possible if your joint improvement plan is running over three months say then i'd recommend that each month you have a formal meeting and share a written document which summarizes their progress allow them to make additions to this document if they feel that what you've written does not cover all aspects of their progress as a manager it is vital you monitor progress and measure the performance improvement in some way then you can discuss facts and data with the underperformer rather than it being just your opinion against their opinion facts and data are much less subjective and a lot fairer plus it is clear how much the individual has improved or not a couple of ideas of what you could measure include tracking sales generated against a set of targets or it could be cost savings gained against a set of targets or it could be any type of activity performed to an improved time frame or to improve quality level or it could be projects completed to agreed parameters or it could be scored feedback from colleagues customers or suppliers it is really hard to make all parts of the improvement plan measurable via data when you rely on opinion try to gather several other opinions rather than just putting forward your own this adds more weight to the feedback and is a lot fairer in most cases you will see plenty of improvements as the individual works through their plan make sure you give praise and encouragement for these improvements this is super important if you want to keep their improvement on track and their motivation high capture these improvements in your written document too there may be occasions when the improvements are so significant that a reward is appropriate your examples include maybe a small item such as bottle of champagne or it could be a public mention in the next team meeting or an achievement award etc use your imagination so give honest useful feedback throughout the period of support be as specific as possible feedback on what is going well and what is not and use data to prove a factual progress assessment where possible the sixth action in how to deal with an underperforming employee is to take formal action if there is no improvement if you're seeing no signs of improvement or not enough improvement then take more formal action to deal with the underperforming employee even if you're part way through the plan this may be a sensible step the work you put in to agree and document the plan and your monitoring of progress or lack of it can be used as part of a disciplinary process involve hr and move all the actions you take to a more formal footing it is painful to remove someone from the business for them for you and for your team and the business itself if the person is underperforming and not happy they are likely to be better off in a different job or in a different environment make the difficult choices and take action moving an underperforming employee who doesn't want to improve to another team or department may seem like an easier option but it will not be easier for the business overall the problem will remain and somebody else will have to deal with it passing the buck is likely to come back to haunt you when your managers are talking about who to promote and which managers to give more staff to not dealing with a problem may put you out of the running so work out how to deal with an underperforming team member and take action to resolve the problems one way or another so in summary by taking positive action you are signaling to the individual and your team that you are not going to put up with poor performance you will be as supportive and as fair as possible and if that doesn't work then you can take alternative action by taking action you'll find that the rest of your team and in particular the good performers will thank you their harder work is in effect being rewarded and you may well find that the below average performers in the team improve their performance level which can in turn push up everyone else's performance levels you get a better performing team as a result the effort you put in to be fair and reasonable throughout the process and support the underperformers will be well rewarded by the team in terms of their improved morale and motivation and if you're not fair and reasonable the rest of them will be thinking when is it my turn remember the most important action to take in how to deal with a poor performer at work is to start the process i've taken you through the sooner the better best of luck in dealing with your underperformers at work and if you have any comments please leave them below and i'll respond as thanks very much for watching and i look forward to speaking to you again soon you

  Top Comments:
  1. @Enhancetraining [13 likes]: ** FREE Webinar - Learn the #1 Change You Can Quickly Make That Will 10x The Improvement You Get From Every Underperformer
This webinar is essential viewing for any manager who is not getting much improvement from underperformers despite having conversations and asking for improvement
https://enhance.training/lm-lp/remove-people-problems-quickly-ulp043
  2. @laxmipatkar9424 [6 likes]: Hi. Yesterday had to discuss with  my teams underperformer who has been grossly disregarding my suggestions and pulled down business and also putting blame on me for her non performance. After new colleague joined in  and now doing well I decided to speak to her after listening to your video.thnq so much for the lovely tips. I went as per the complete sequence and within an hour I could share the mail with her without batting and eyelid. Kudos to you. Most spiritual gurus keep giving guidance to remain calm and understand people and all. But no one guides as to how to handle an underperformer which no business can sustain for long. God bless you
  3. @AlignedRewardsOfficial [2 likes]: Very practical and honest advice. Addressing underperformance early, with clarity and support, makes a huge difference for both the individual and the team. This approach reflects real leadership.
  4. @IronRodz26 [2 likes]: Here’s an idea train them instead of just saying here ya go figure it out. A lot of under performing employeee are not trained right.
  5. @zeroskell [1 likes]: Awesome breakdown and plan to follow. Appreciate the sharing of knowledge.
  6. @JasonFord-e8d [1 likes]: More under performing bosses then workers...
  7. @micheleele7299 [1 likes]: Stop making them feel like they are on probation without ever telling them they are on probation…watching their every move to catch them making mistakes or indicating they are stupid only keeps them from even trying to look for something else if you want them to leave…playing games instead of being direct…..not the way to go about it…..
  8. @mrs.becomes1234 [1 likes]: I will  say this i had started on a job and their were some people who were their before me,  a few months but i knew the job already been doing it for years, so i got signed off on my training, and i ended up training and helping some people, its not that they were under performers they just wasnt trained properly..and no one cared to show them....
  9. @RoccoNardoianni-pu5ts [1 likes]: Yes positive reinforcement is key.  Being patient with slower learners is constructive up to a point and then only serves to “normalize” poor performance and set lower precedents throughout the workplace.  We all have specific roles but everyone should be fluent in the fundamentals…like operating the xerox machine for example.  We all need to be well motivated and ready to “work” when we are at work.  Laziness can be quite contagious and this should be frowned upon.
  10. @neilkod [1 likes]: This video is terrific. Thank you.
  11. @hallhv01: I've run into people with mental disabilities many times.  They take an entire team down as they blame others for their failures.  It's a nightmare.
  12. @perrywebb5833: So another words, kiss his or her ass for 3 months and when they quit actually screwing up,  buy them alcohol?? Hahaha jezzus christ wtf. No wonder the world is twisted
  13. @XxclownPrincexX: Ridiculous I'm watching this and not my manager.
  14. @TheOdum000: I’ve been a leader for a few years now. Listen the most problematic thing I’ve ever seen in the work place is PERFORMANCE DOCUMENTATION!!! If you have to  document their performance it means you have failed as a leader!!!! I have found instead of documentation, you do a 1 on 1, and you talk to them and you show you care, you will win and they will not do the problem anymore. The more you are showing you are disciplining them the more they rebel and don’t do what you say
  15. @florianadaflo5936: My unperformer team are the main chef and the Hr. 
Let me better explain the executive chef is great in delivery and producing food, however is never punctual neither proactive in prepare menu, add ingredient or list in our CRm, following our process and this create a lot of stress in me and in the other members performing well, the Hr which is more a recruiter tried to work with him to improve his day by day and planning calendar however it ended up he was in charge of the HR . I do t know what to do
  16. @strategygalactic: Answer: Treat him how you treat the overachiever, give him the modest score.😂😂😂😂😂
  17. @jemszter: How do you work with a toxic team and their behavior which is hard to be facts and data about. Without it becoming accusatory.
  18. @averaj: Problem is the person dont want to work o ly excuses
  19. @Andria950: Um sometimes it is intentional andcthey just want to get rid of you..just remember sgreements are esentially what u sgree to...dontlikeit.better change it before signing
  20. @lindalu8565: Does the undeformer realize they underperform?

- First-Time Managers Success Guide: 15 Essential Tips Uncovered!: Kind: captions Language: en it can be a real challenge to go from being a great individual contributor to a manager who must continue to do the work themselves and now lead others as well it's a defining moment in your career for many this is where you get to prove that you can rise to the challenge for some it's incredibly rewarding and energizing for others it can be stressful and demoralizing the good news is if you're a new manager or about to become a manager for the first time then you've come to the right place because this video will set you on the path to absolutely knock it out of the pack foreign [Music] welcome to Riser where my mission is to help you go further faster in your career let's begin with a few quick facts 87 is the proportion of managers who wish they had received more training as a first-time manager according to a study conducted by The Firm grovo this aligns with a report from Forbes that said 98 of managers feel they need more Management training and consulting firm Deloitte reports that 90 of companies have an urgent challenge in developing strong leaders so chances are even if your company acknowledges that there's a need there's a very high probability that you won't receive the management training you need or deserve in fact the average manager goes 10 years that's 10 years into their career without any formal Management training and I can tell you from my own personal experience having managed hundreds of people including managers and managers of managers that unless you're lucky enough to have your boss show you the ropes and Coach you you're likely not to get any guidance on how to become an effective leader and it's a real shame because time and time again I've seen the most amazing individual contributors who are incredibly talented absolutely crash and burn when they're promoted into management in all probability you were promoted into management precisely because you did a great job as an individual contributor but being a manager is a completely different animal now you'll have to manage a group of individual contributors and this is a far more complex Arrangement it requires a combination of new skills and experiences it's a very long list and at the end of that long list importantly you'll need to look after your own well-being combine this with that lack of training and this is the challenge that you're probably facing as a first time manager now there'll be many videos to come on this topic but I've designed this particular episode to cover the basics to really kick start your management journey and I've broken it up into three parts five tips that are more focused around what you need to do as a new manager five tips that are focused around your team and what they need and the final five tips are General tips like power tips so here are my top 15 tips starting with the ones focused on you as a new manager number one leave your old job behind if you've been promoted there might still be things to finish off in your old role your company might not even have replaced your old role yet also stakeholders might still be coming to you for advice or guidance especially if you're a subject matter expert and worst case they might still be asking to do special favors all of which will take time and focus away from what you're supposed to be doing now so as soon as you in the new role you need to create a separation between what you used to do and what you do now so that you can focus 100 of your effort on your new role as soon as possible now leaving your old role behind also means dealing with changes in relationships if you were someone's peer or even their friend and you're now their boss you'll need to ensure that doesn't influence your business decisions or it'll undermine your Authority with the rest of your team if the way you treat them at work is different to the rest of the team it can give the impression that you're playing favorites and this will quickly lose the respect and Trust of your people number two becomes super clear on your role and your deliverables as well as the deliverables of your team what are the expected outcomes how will your performance be judged clarify what aspects of the role are going to really drive your results the most and make those ones your top priorities make sure that you're 100 aligned with your manager on all of this and make sure that you have regular one-on-ones with your manager so that you can continue to be aligned and also so that they can help you navigate various challenges that come up just as you need to be clear on your own role and your own deliverables you'll need to do the same with your team and you'll need to assure that their priorities also align with yours and also make sure that you connect with your stakeholders that includes your fellow managers in other areas and understand and agree on both their expectations of you and your team and your expectations of them and their team tip number three is to understand your key processes and how success is measured across these processes it's extremely important to understand stand not only what your team does but also how they do it just at a high level to start with you'll need to firstly understand what happens Upstream of your team all the places they get their work from and how the work is received by them so that they can action it when your team receives their work who does what and how do they do it and then as a result of the work that they performed how does it make it to the next step of the process Downstream from your team if you're unsure where to start then I suggest checking out my previous video on the cypok method for drawing a simple process overview now in terms of measuring success become very familiar with any metrics and service level agreements that are already in place and find out if your boss is happy with the current results importantly are they expecting something different from you and finally don't ignore risks or compliance issues get on top of these as soon as possible and stay on top of them always make these ones a priority as a manager you'll need to be a reliable safe Pair of Hands tip number four improve your Effectiveness as a new manager you're going to wish you had more time lots more time so get to understand the basics of time management for more on this you can watch my video on the Eisenhower Matrix which is a simple and effective time management tool I've been using for many years now secondly bring structure to what you do get organized plan things out and break problems down at the very least have a to-do list and get in the habit of prioritizing your work and the work of your team and finishing work off don't underestimate the power of small regular accomplishments not only do they add up pretty quickly but getting runs on the board will give you instant credibility and it'll also energize your team personally I prioritize my own work based on impact and effort another link down below for you to check out and the third part of this is to improve your communication be clear and specific using simple language choose a format and tool to best fit each of the messages that come from you make sure that you're including all the relevant stakeholders and listen always get feedback to make sure the message is well understood tip number five is a first time manager is to establish your Authority as a manager just because your title is now manager doesn't automatically mean that your team is going to respect and trust you as their leader you're going to need to earn this firstly your people are looking to you you're the Guiding Light they get their cues from you and they'll feed off your energy so be very aware of how you're being perceived by them at all times if you're cool calm and collected under pressure and you'll come across as resilient and strong if your behavior is negative and you're being panicky micromanaging and you're short-tempered it'll probably do the opposite and undermine your Authority secondly don't feel the need to over explain yourself something that new managers often do they can actually make you look indecisive and undermine your Authority be comfortable allowing people the time to digest what you're saying even if that means remaining silent while they absorb new information silence can be quite powerful so don't be afraid to embrace it and use it to your advantage and thirdly this one's actually the most important of all get to know your team in fact this one's important enough to be a whole new tip so tip number six and the first of the five tips Focus around your team is get to know your team if you're new to the team or to the organization then don't forget to introduce yourself just remember to keep it simple and Light secondly interact with your team in different ways you've got your formal settings like meetings but also don't forget to mix it up by popping by their desks or checking in with them on chat or video call just have everyday conversations and really get to know them which will help create trust between you thirdly have regular one-on-one meetings with your team the purpose of one-on-ones is to build empathy to give feedback coach and guide and also to gather feedback for your team member it's their opportunity to be seen and heard and it's an opportunity for you to clarify your expectations of them to reinforce habits and behaviors and address any issues or opportunities as they come up okay on to tip number seven observe your team this is all about something called Team Dynamics now this one might be a New Concept for you but it's about how your team thinks and behaves as a group of individuals and how they interact with and influence each other it's a really important aspect of being a manager because it'll give you insight into what makes them tick and how you can help them perform even better as a team when you start observing your team you'll start to become aware of things you probably never even really noticed before such as how the team communicates with each other how they handle different situations and how they behave Under Pressure how they go about solving problems as a team if there's a strong team culture or any noticeable team culture at all how they behave towards one another do they help each other do they motivate each other do they blame each other for their own mistakes are they highly competitive do they seem to care about each other enough to step in and help when problems come up what seems to be influencing their behavior and decisions is it fear Pride are the team members is there someone they all look up to or an in-group or a group of high performers that sets the tone these are just a few random examples but just like the coach of a sports team you'll find there are lots of Clues and interesting insights when you start to look at your team in this way tip number eight communicate your expectations firstly be clear and structured and make sure that your team knows exactly what's expected of them and what they can expect of you there are proven links between setting expectations and improvements in Employee Engagement in productivity and retention in other words the clearer you are the more likely your people will be happy contributors who stick around longer secondly remember to communicate the reason behind those expectations the why that I've talked about before give your people a reason to care and in order to do that you might need to find your why as well and thirdly inspect what you expect it means checking in to see how things are going and if your expectations are being met it doesn't mean micromanaging this is not about macro managing this is about checking in with your people to make sure they're on track and supported without waiting until there's an issue or a missed deadline it's actually about supporting your people to achieve what they're supposed to be achieving so inspect what you expect tip number nine is something that's not talked about very much but I really think it should be it's about using leverage Leverage is all about making the most impact you can with a limited time that you have you're leveraging your time and your expertise to make the biggest difference that you can you can start by prioritizing your deliverables and your tasks as I mentioned earlier I do this based on the amount of effort required versus the expected impact that they're going to have combine this with that time management tool that I mentioned earlier called the Eisenhower Matrix and you'll start seeing some big differences in these two videos I talk about some specific things that you can do to leverage your time better my top three are probably doing time blocking setting aside time in your diary to do the things that you should be doing which takes your intention to do something and brings it to Life by committing actual time to do it secondly learning to say no to tasks that don't add value such as initiatives that are high effort and low impact why would you spend time on those and tasks that are neither urgent nor important why would you spend time on those and thirdly learning to delegate really really well this one can actually be tricky for a first time manager because this means letting go placing trust in your people and empowering them to contribute but if you nail these three aspects time management prioritization and delegating you'll experience the awesome power of Leverage and how one person you can make a huge difference within a normal working day and tip number 10 is start to learn about the art of leadership as a manager you really should feel a great sense of responsibility you have the power to literally change things for the better and the worse including your people yep you're now amongst other things in the changing lives business leadership is a set of skills and experiences attained over a lifetime I'm still learning every single day this is the mother of all topics so where do you start well firstly try to understand what kind of leader you are what is your natural leadership style and how can you exploit the advantages of that style and also be aware of the potential pitfalls that come along with it in addition especially as a first-time manager I think it's really important to get to know how to act and react in different circumstances at least to have a framework that you can refer to and I highly recommend looking into something called situational leadership I think it'll make you go much further much faster as a first-time manager and it's something that I personally practice so check out situational leadership I think it'll help you a lot on to tip number 11. my advice is not to make any big changes to your team or to their processes until you rarely have a good handle on things and until you're well settled into the role why because this will all take time you have time but if you screw up anything that's working well that's a less than ideal way to start your life as a manager tip number 12 don't speak badly about the previous manager the person who is in the job before you even if they've done a really really crappy job and left things in a mess for everyone even if your own team and other managers are openly talking badly about them my advice is to lead with strength and confidence in the knowledge that you'll make your own Mark and you'll prove whatever needs to be proven number 13. don't become an a-hole I'm not saying that you are an a-hole or anything like that but just be very conscious of your position and how your behavior and actions might be perceived because perception is very much reality especially for those that you lead just be aware that we often will react differently to our normal cells when we put under a bit of pressure and you'll be under a bit of pressure so don't forget to treat others how you'd like to be treated at all times and just in case it ever enters your head that you need to become an a-hole to succeed as a manager and I only mentioned this because I've known people who believe this to be true spoiler alert you don't and while you're busy not being an a-hole tip number 14 is remember to have fun enjoy the journey and that also means making work more enjoyable for your team if your team enjoys their time at work it'll energize them and they'll back you when the chips are down that doesn't mean just letting them do whatever they want and it's not even necessarily about doing fun things but put some effort into making everyday work more enjoyable even if it's just little things and your team will really appreciate you for it and following on from this the last tip tip number 15 is look after yourself if you're feeling overwhelmed at any point take a breath it's okay you have plenty of time as I mentioned before this one's more of a marathon than a Sprint it really is a lifelong journey so look after yourself don't let a job draw you away from the positive things in your life whether that's nutrition or exercise your relationships sleep an activity that's important to you or anything else that's important for your well-being because you'll end up in a vicious cycle look after yourself so that you can look after your team hit like subscribe and press the notification Bell so that you don't miss out on future episodes when they're released don't forget to share this episode with a friend or a colleague helping them to go further faster as well till next time keep Rising

  Top Comments:
  1. @itsnikhilrajput [122 likes]: This is the best video on whole YouTube about management for beginners. 🎉
  2. @chaseKYT [38 likes]: About to start Monday as a new manager for the first time, wish me luck guys
  3. @eikofurukawa2688 [2 likes]: This is really useful. I become a management role which is very first time in my life and I already got in a pit hole because of my behaviour towards our team so the company gave me a warning that I never want it! I wanted to know this video before the thing happened 😢
  4. @saadjsayed [2 likes]: 1:25 I am at Deloitte trying to transition to a manager. I can assure that there is no formal training and you have to learn things by getting pushed around.
  5. @KSagan [2 likes]: It’s my first day as a manager, very clear and helpful. Thank you!🙏
  6. @shanayamthembu9157 [1 likes]: I just got promoted as a manager,and I’m the youngest of them all .I’m kinda nervous but don’t wanna be any advice??
  7. @EricWiggins-s5g: Wow great information, I have gone into self employment to a roll of manager n a oil company locally, a small team and 6 reps on the road, but luckily the owner will guide me through the position.
  8. @antonyaiken: Im 41 and have crashed and burned as an assistant manager about 18 years ago. 
Ive since had years and years of experience in the raf, as Senior Supervisor, engineer and have just got though to final stages of electrical engineering manager role at another company. And im bricking it.
  9. @DavidPruitt-nd4ve: I just got hired as a pipe superientendent and homestly learning as much and taking advice and wisdom to be successful
  10. @mg_linbay6571: thanks you so learn
  11. @redeclipseprojects674: רונן תפסיק להציק לסשה
  12. @SaSa-d9t9v: This was unbelievably satisfying to watch!
  13. @SotaTanaka-y2h: 😢
  14. @josiehoward1325: Thank you so much. This really helps!
  15. @watcherdreamstudio: This probably the best video! it will helps me a lot to start my new journey as a Training and development Manager! Thank You Sir!
  16. @vrchannel4622: FYP
  17. @MydogistheAussiebabe: Too much jibberish and dancing around the point rather than making it cut and clear.
  18. @CameriqueTV: Having a Caucasian employee with huge dreads would be a challenge for me to deal with. Cultural appropriation in a liberal... oh, the irony.
  19. @Sifat-d9z: Appreciate the straightforward approach.
  20. @RosannaSipes: Really enjoyed watching this.

- The Cart - The 4 Types of Team Members You Can Hire: Kind: captions Language: en Copyright (C) 2008 Performia International. All Rights Reserved. Based in part on the works of L. Ron Hubbard

  Top Comments:
  1. @marylangenfeld1965 [1 likes]: I'm going to use this for my Social Skills class,
  2. @MuhammadRafi-l6f [1 likes]: Proved asman s gira khajoor m atka😅😂
  3. @plsimmm [1 likes]: This greatly demonstrates teamwork, it's so easy to point out others in your team as to who is which but I believe this also provides an opportunity to self govern ourselves and check the parts of ourselves that don't work in alignment with the team.
  4. @rammohanram75 [1 likes]: Any meesho Gang🌝🙃
From Kadapa Warehouse
  5. @TamandeepSingh-tx7bd [1 likes]: Nothing is more destroyable than when team leader try to disrespect and try to destroy that employee every time
  6. @mrsikendrakumaryadav5343 [1 likes]: ❤❤❤बहुत बहुत बधाई हो💐💐💐
  7. @isuru12: මොඩ වීඩියො මේවා😂 අපි හම්බකරනවා අපිම හොයන්නව අනිත් උන්ගෙන් වැඩක් නෑ😅
  8. @andreweugene5894: Very good example to the team and everyone should focus on what they do🤝
  9. @seulyakter5640: team work  easy way
  10. @NakamaTV26: ACCURATE !
  11. @ajay22boss: Best video ever..❤
  12. @tallkekepink95: Agile Team
  13. @MarukoChan_266: Khidir hadir
  14. @m.khattab87: Nice video 💕. My friend asked me to translate it to Arabic. Can you provide scripts to do it?
  15. @brazilbeyondtheheadlines: This is great and timeless!
  16. @ZoeW-h3p: Where is the diversity?..
  17. @aisanka6043: 👍👍👍👍👍
  18. @Bicouv: 2:16
  19. @MussieMolla: It is realy refelct the fact. i am facing such kind of scenarious in my company. due these non value added and dragers, our company KPI is down.  i want to open this video in our comapny venue  to image who are them.
  20. @princeoyetayo2766: Great

- 10 Things We Wish We Knew When We Started Horse Riding!: Kind: captions Language: en learning to ride is so exciting and it opens up a whole new world of opportunities but as with any new sport or hobby there's always going to be things you hoped you'd known at the beginning and so to save you from facing any of the same mistakes here's 10 things we wished we'd known when we started riding one of the most useful things to know when you start riding is that confidence is your friend it's completely normal to be a little nervous to have some nerves but you don't want those to be at the expense of you enjoying your riding you want to build your confidence so that you can do that you want to find ways to combat any nerves so find a horse that's steady and go at a pace that suits you find an instructor who builds your confidence and be aware if nerves appear horses can pick up on your nerves and it might even make them nervous themselves if you can sit up in the saddle without gripping onto your reins or with your legs you'll find your balance quicker and be able to communicate more effectively with the horse if the horse isn't doing what you think you're asking him then you're probably not asking him in a way that he understands and this is one of the reasons why it's so important to have a good instructor so keep training refine your AIDS ask quietly and you'll get what you want when you ask him in the right way for example if you think you're asking your horse to move forwards then you're squeezing with your legs but at the same time you're hanging onto his mouth you're sending him mixed messages don't just kick harder think why is he not understanding what I think I'm asking him is there a clearer way I could be asking him all horses are different and just because you can ride one doesn't mean you can ride them all you could Master the rising Trot on one and then struggle with a different movement on another you can find yourself perfectly at home on one horse but then getting on another one worries you that's completely normal you shouldn't feel deflated and riding lots of different types of horses will make you a better Rider the best Riders can ride all sorts of horses riding lots of different horses will really develop you as a rider and you never ever stop learning you might take two steps forwards and then three steps back that's completely normal ride to spend their whole lives trying to perfect the way they ride and communicate better and better with their horses the best riders in the world are still training and perfecting their craft so sure you can learn to walk Trot Canter and jump on a variety of horses but it never stops there there's always more to learn there's going to be good days there's going to be bad days but be curious watch the best riders in the world learn from them and learn from the best instructors that you can find but most importantly enjoy it riding is a risk sport falling off is part of that and if you want to ride but never fall off you're going to be disappointed the best riders in the world fall off too horses are unpredictable but there are steps you can take to help keep yourself safe and in the saddle however there can be times when as we said horses are unpredictable and things can happen it could be spooked by something they might stop jumping and you might find yourself hitting the dag that's part of riding and that's why we recommend that you wear a properly fitted up to standard hat and body protector horse management develops all the time as research progresses and Veterinary experts learn more and more about how horse functions and what he needs mids are busted all the time and we are always learning being open-minded to changes and management is key as is taking the time to read up on the latest thinking from reputable sources and experts there is a lot of misleading advice on social media you need to avoid that like anything take your advice from reputable sources and experts different horses have different strengths and so do different Riders like anything it's meant to be fun so find the thing that you and your horse enjoy doing if you're not keen on leaving the ground then cross country might not be the thing for you and if your horse has got nice paces and you enjoy dressage then why not try that often we humans build really strong bonds to their horses and we don't want to sell them or to move on to another but that can be in our own and our horse's best interests if we're just not the right match be that in temperament size or ambition horses and riding are addictive and once you fall in love you might find it's very hard to stop with that comes big commitments both in terms of time and finances if you go as far as to buy yourself a horse you have a dependent whose Health well-being you are responsible for right until the end that might sound extreme but you don't want to end up with more than you can cope with manage or afford while your friends are saving for housing deposits or potentially paying off their mortgages you might find yourself paying equivalent amounts in liver each month that's fine if it's what you love but it's best to go into these things with your eyes open horse owners are rich in life but not necessarily in other areas the benefits of being involved with and around horses are immeasurable Beyond teaching accountability and a great work ethic they often become their Riders therapy they are a listening ear exercise and escape from the world and a community and a link to the wonderful Outdoors you can't overstate how good horses are for people but many take it up for granted when they're just starting out what have you learned from your time with horses and what advice would you give to others just starting out let us know in the comments below and don't forget to like And subscribe for more content [Music] thank you foreign

  Top Comments:
  1. @Handleinthewind123 [3 likes]: Horses are family members once under our care. It’s about partnership first and foremost. If or when things go wrong in or out of the saddle, it is never the horse’s fault - we riders just haven’t found the best way to care for / communicate with / explain to the horse what is going on. It is the rider’s responsibility to patiently tweak and fine tune things until trust and harmony are established. This doesn’t only happen from the saddle.
  2. @lovebunnykaz: I need to loose 2 stone before starting horse riding. 😅😢
  3. @ShaikhaAlsuwaidi-rc1ur: Slow and steady

- How To Pet A Horse Correctly... DON'T Do It Wrong!: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hey guys welcome back to another video today I'm talking about how to pet a horse this seems like a pretty basic subject but there's a lot of people that actually do this wrong and there's some very key elements to petting a horse correctly that everyone should know a lot of people when they go to pet their horse they'll put their fingers out like this and they'll go directly towards the horse and it's actually pretty instinctively scary for a horse when you do this because it resembles a lion's claws or some other animal trying to scratch them or go towards them so the best way to do it is to keep your fingers all together you don't want to be doing this instead you want to be doing this you'll see sometimes after a show or something the owner will go ahead and slap on their horse because they've done such a great job yay let's slap the horse well to be honest that never feels good to slap the horse they don't respond to it in a positive way their body usually gets tense and if you do it continually they'll actually begin to be scared of you slapping towards them so it's not going to be a good thing to do instead just run your hand gently down there neck and do it in Rhythm what a lot of people do is they'll stroke their horse once or twice and just stop what you actually want to do if you can is stroke them at least 10 times three four five six seven eight nine ten and the reason you want to do that is because when you do it in Rhythm and you do it 10 times it relaxes the horse to a totally different level and it resembles their mother licking them so they actually get comforted on a whole new level and it's very much better than if you just go ahead and stroke your horse a couple times or rub them back and forth like this that's not comfortable to them and that's not necessarily A positive experience for them whenever you pet them make sure you pet them the same direction as the hair and make sure you do it at least 10 times in Rhythm if at all possible so a couple places that are good to pet your horse so right here between his eyes also right on his neck so those are two places you can keep in mind that you can actually pet them and that's going to be comforting to them it's going to feel good a few places to avoid petting your horse would be places like his elbow right here and under his belly right here at the back as well as his legs and under his belly those are places that could cause a negative reaction from your horse unless he's very tame already so if he's very tame you can pet him all over his body if he's not very tame and you're working with him still you need to only pet him on his neck and on his face those are just a few tips to keep in mind when you're petting your horse I hope that helps some of you guys out thanks so much for watching we'll see you next time foreign

  Top Comments:
  1. @Altair_Ibn_La_Ahad [11 likes]: Because of the umazing game, I am here to watch how to pet a horse
  2. @axivele_previous [5 likes]: Playing Red Dead Redemption 2 made me want to have a horse so bad
  3. @liateapot2313 [4 likes]: Umazing!
  4. @maclac48 [2 likes]: You learn something every day, thanks for sharing, & Happy New Year!
  5. @faridapetiwala3014 [2 likes]: I use to wonder how to make then feel good with our presence just like we feel good when we ride on them.Sometimes I have a fear because I don't know how to understand them.Like to gage and make them feel equally happy when we are riding on them. Especially when we get the opportunity to ride on them rarely
  6. @battlefields2mine [2 likes]: Im not gonna lie. I search this video thanks to RDR2. In case one day i might encounter a real one I could know what to do.
  7. @alextotheroh8071 [1 likes]: I've been spending countless hours preparing for the first time I meet a horse. Just in case, you know. Thank you for this indispensable guide.
  8. @WickedScott [1 likes]: Thank you for helping me not look like a doofus around my friend's horses.   I did have to stop myself from patting.  I think pop culture must have ingrained that behavior or something.  With horses as they are, it makes perfect sense why that is not a good idea.
  9. @BlitzDemonGamer3032 [1 likes]: I volunteer at horse ranch good tips though
  10. @Peter_1986 [1 likes]: I live in an area with lots of fields and trees etc — basically the same kind of environment as in this video — and several of my neighbours sometimes have horses walking around, and I pretty much just walk up slowly to the enclosure and stand there, and maybe hold some grass for them.
They will often come walking towards me and eat the grass, and I will just be like "hello", and then they walk away after a while.
  11. @schismprismmm [1 likes]: Is the horse putting its head down towards the front of its body in that kind of twitchy motion a positive response? Or is it unrelated to the petting? I was petting a horse the other day and noticed this and started wondering
  12. @krunchchch [1 likes]: now i know how to horse
  13. @Calbeck [1 likes]: Concise, well-explained, and helpful!
  14. @darkxwolf17_X3 [1 likes]: That’s such a bombproof horse 😭😭
  15. @MdAlom-m5p3e: G😢😢😢😢
  16. @KoDiaKuL: Hey, I live in an apartment block in Bucharest, which is the Capital of Romania. I have the intention to leave the "big city life" and move to the mountainside/countryside. I would like to own at least 2 horses, not for work or riding but as my companions, my friends. I haven't had any interaction with horses before 3 years ago, when I volunteered to take care of horses in an equine rescue shelter. Now, I see horses in everything I do, especially online, and the algorithm keeps "feeding" me more and more horsey content. I would like to add, that before interacting with horses 3 years ago, I was keeping my distance from them, not knowing much about them. Once I've seen how magnificent these creatures are, I've began studying the equine ethology in order to improve my communication with them. And in order to add some practical value to this video, I would like to contribute with some of my experiences: interacting with about 40-50 horses, some of them abused, suffering from wounds, malnutrition or other medical issues (arthrosis, blindness etc) a good place to scratch your horse is under their tails, between their butt cheeks and the mare's udders. They would absolutely love that, but do it with caution, only if you know and trust your horse, it might tickle them and have dangerous reactions. I am first testing them new horses with the stick, touching some areas that are prone to dangerous reactions, then rub the stick to that specific areas of their body and watch their reaction. If they would give signs that they enjoy it, you can continue with your hand. A bad thing from this would be that your horse would start following you and rear into you for more, at first it would seem awkward and uncomfy but, they will do that goofy face with their upper lip, strecthing their hole body and neck and head into an almost arrow position. Be safe and love the horses!
  17. @TruckerWife: I love patting my horse. I have cats, and I just pat my horse like a cat or give him scratches like a cat. The scratches either go over aweseome or like a turd in a cereal bowl if hes not itchy. 🤷🏻‍♀️
  18. @MarLindaPerez-s1i: Interesting! I've never herd anyone mention these things. Thank you for sharing.😊
  19. @prawnstar9213: You just show your horse love. If you don’t build love with horses you’ll never be a rider. Just wait until you find your horses scratch spot.. their lips will quiver and their head goes out like “oh.. oh yes” sometimes like a dog one foot will raise like a dog.. and quiver a little. It’s the best
  20. @TheHare-rv3hj: The blind leading the blind again.

- HOW TO RIDE A HORSE (EASY BEGINNERS GUIDE): Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hey everyone so i'm getting ready to go out to the barn and i thought that today what i would cover is how to ride a horse so let's get ready to go bye traco bye traco so i haven't seen tucker in two weeks because i've been on vacation so i'm excited to see him today oh it's cold and muddy hi buddy hi hi buddy i've missed you so before i get on my horse i'm gonna first brush them just to remove any dirt and also make sure they're not sore anywhere and to scratch the scratches i'm also going to just pick out the feet to make sure there's no rocks that can cause some discomfort when he's being ridden well now i'm going to tack up i'm going to put on my saddle and everything i need to ride and i'm going to use this lovely new saddle pad i just got yeah so i got my saddle on and now i'm going to tighten my girth so the girth holds your saddle in place and it kind of is like a belt that it wraps around your horse all right and now i'm just going to put the bridle on and the bridle is basically to give you some control and help you steer your horse so tucker is all groomed and tacked up and ready to go so if you need a more in-depth look at those things before you hop on your horse you can check out the links in the descriptions below so before you go to get on your horse you want to make sure you unroll your stirrups and also check your girth to make sure it's tight enough you want to be able to fit four fingers in your girth so now it's time to actually get on your horse and you can do this the same way either from a mounting block or from the ground i use a mounting block because it's easier on their backs so i'm up on my mounting block now and i'm going to make sure i'm mounting from the left side of my horse so when you go to get on your horse you want to make sure that you gather your reins up so you still have control so i'm going to hold my reins and if you're mounting from the left you're going to put your left foot in the stirrup so now i can push off with my left foot and use my hands on the saddle and the horse's neck to help lift myself up and then swing my right leg over and sit down lightly and then i can reach down and put my right foot in the stirrup so now that i'm on my horse let me show you how you would control this thing so i'm going to be sharing how to ride your horse in the most simplest terms as if this is your first riding lesson ever this is what you would be told first things first is you're gonna need to know how to hold your reins correctly so to hold your reins correctly what you're gonna do is put your rein in between your pinky and your ring finger and then you can shut your hands around it and then put your thumb on top so now let's cover riding position you want to turn your thumbs up towards the sky and you want to look forward and in front of your horse next i'm going to make sure that i'm rolling my shoulders back to help me sit up straight and i'm going to bend my elbows to be at my side i want to make sure that i'm loose through my thigh and my knee so i'm not gripping i want to make sure the stirrup is on the ball of my foot my heels are down and my foot is right under my hip so that was a lot we just covered but most importantly you just want to make sure you can draw a straight line through your head down through your hip and to your heel and that way you're sitting up tall and you have this linear line through you so now let's talk about how to move your horse forward so once again this is in the most simplest terms and what i'm going to do is first of all i want to make sure i'm not pulling on my horse's mouth with the rain so i can give with my hands a little bit and get out of their mouth and then i'm going to just squeeze with my lower leg to ask my horse to move forward and there he goes so if you're pulling on your horse's reins and squeezing this is what's going to happen they're going to back up instead of going forward so i want to make sure i'm giving with my hands to get my horse to go forward so you can use the same concept to go faster on your horse so i'll get out of my horse's mouth and squeeze with my lower leg and we can pick up a trot so you may be wondering how you stab your horse once you've gotten going so what you can do is sit up nice and tall put your weight down into your heels and then close your fingers around your reins and your horse will come to a stop so i'm going to actually show you what to do at a standstill when it comes to stopping your horse just because it's very small little nuances so what you're going to do first is sit up nice and tall and you can even kind of sit back on your pockets and so you're closing your hips and then you also just want to stretch down into your stirrups so forcing your weight down so once i've done those things the next thing i'm going to do is just kind of close my hand around my reins so as i'm riding my hands may be a little bit more loose so i can close my fingers and if that doesn't stop the horse i can slightly pull back until they halt so one thing i find super helpful especially if you're new to horseback riding is knowing how to do the one range stop so the one right stop is basically the emergency brake for your horse so if maybe you feel like you're out of control or your horse horses taken off you can do this to get them to stop quickly so to do one rain stop what you're going to do is reach your hand down one rain and then you're going to bring that rain back towards your hip asking the horse to turn its head towards your knee so what this does is it keeps the horse from moving forward and instead the only thing the horse can do is turn in a tight circle so let's talk about steering your horse so there's basically two types of steerings you'll come across one is plow raining and that's when you have two hands on the reins and this is done mostly by english riders or you're going to come across neck raining which is where you hold the reins with one hand and you'll see this more with western riding or if you go on a trail ride or something like that so when it comes to using plow reins like an english rider would how you're going to steer your horse is you're just going to open your hand in the direction you want to go so if i want to steer towards you guys i'm just going to open this hand and you'll see that his nose tips towards you and so from there what i can do is squeeze with my legs to get him to move towards you and even help him out some more i can use my opposite leg over here and i can squeeze my lower leg and he'll turn right towards you guys so if you guys see i can open my hand and he'll turn this way then i can open this other hand and he'll go back this way and so this is how you're going to use your reins if you're learning english or learning how to do the plow rain so the other way you're going to steer your horse is through neck raining so when it comes to neck raining what i'm going to do is i'll have both reins in one hand and if i want to steer towards you guys i'm going to lay my opposite rein against his neck and also use my opposite leg and squeeze with my lower leg to get him to turn towards you so i'll lay the rain squeeze my leg and see how he turns so with neck raining i can lay my rain use my leg and he'll go in that direction and likewise i'll change my direction here and so you're just going back and forth good pony so there's a lot more to carrying for your horse than just riding it and i made a video about everything you need to know about caring for your horse so i'll put the link in the description down below so you can check that out if you enjoyed this video please subscribe to our channel and give us a thumbs up you

  Top Comments:
  1. @melrosell316 [88 likes]: now I'm here because of this gasoline spike thing
  2. @J-Max-100 [2 likes]: Does this works on lion???
  3. @Shampuu54321 [2 likes]: Does anyone here beacuse the petroleum is very expensive
  4. @Laststar24 [2 likes]: Is this a JoJo reference?
  5. @bri.v96 [1 likes]: have you ever watched the saddle club series
  6. @indo_ytedit [1 likes]: Great tutorial gotta use this for my the steel ball run race
  7. @omarnakib704: Thanks 🙏🏻
  8. @erpapuhcbr: Nice video but wheres the turn signal?
  9. @Nyxol_KitANDIvory_doesQuadzz: Im here because im exhausted from it
  10. @Sanamkibaatein445: Nice
  11. @vakant-_-: Shout out to the horse use humans don’t deserve these beings
  12. @kellyh4617: I love this Video. Very helpful 👌
  13. @Pedroson001: THANK YOU.
  14. @Ninjagamer1980: Imagine humans used to fight on those, nowadays most cannot even properly approach one.
  15. @omonyfrancisakena4908: Yoo this gotta be the smartest animal, damn every mistake sends a message. But wait a minute so I have to trust that this beautiful animal by the way will do everything I want at all times ain't noway
  16. @Fluufffiii: How do i enter the first gear
  17. @DioBrando-8-8: I dont even have a horse , im just watching this cuz steel balls run is releasing in two days
  18. @LynXtoLynX1: Many thanks
  19. @c0nsci0us_studi0-u3e: just beat rdr2...im invested
  20. @Bbqjsmokey: What do horses think about that thing being in the back of their mouths???

- READING HORSE BODY LANGUAGE & BEHAVIOR: Kind: captions Language: en hey everyone so today we're going to be talking about something that a lot of you have actually requested and this is how to read horse behavior and body language before we get started why don't you tell us one notable way your horse communicates with you so tucker here i know i've mentioned this before he can be kind of silly if there's a bee or maybe something he doesn't like he'll go like this with his head and he does that over and over and over again and it's kind of funny but that's his little quirky way of communicating with me so let me know what your horse does in the comments down below so maybe we can't sit down and have a conversation with our horse but your horse will want to talk to you using their body language to communicate since horses are a thousand pound animals that can't actually speak to you it's important that you take the time to understand how they communicate with you in order to stay safe around them and have fun so what we're going to do in this video is talk about certain ways your horses demonstrate certain behaviors but before we do that what i want to do is go over the important body parts to look at to understand what your horse is communicating to you so horses will use many different parts of their body to communicate i'm just going to cover some of the few common areas that you're going to see the most action with so our first area is the horse's ears so the horse's ears are going to tell you where their attention is so tucker's looking that way and his ears are pointed that way so i can tell his attention is that way so the horse's ears are kind of like the radar for danger as herd animals horses need to be able to sense wherever there's danger so they're going to be listening really closely to see where the sounds are coming from so another really important part you can look at of your horse is the horse's eyes so we've all heard the saying that eyes are the window to the soul and this is true for your horse as well so horses can be very expressive with their eyes and it can be easy to understand what they're communicating with their eyes because it's much like with humans so if he's scared his eyes may be wide and so it's gonna be a lot like a human's expressions and i find that that's the easiest place to look to see what my horse is thinking or trying to say to me one thing i look at when i go to purchase a new horse is i look at their and i look to see whether they have kind of a soft and kind eye or maybe their eye is a little bit more beady and looks kind of like a little troublemaker and then i can tell what kind of horse i'm going to get so that's a good place to look to see what your horse is thinking and their expression and even their personality so another part we're gonna look at is the horse's head and neck position so what i mean by this is how high is the horse holding their head up so a horse can use their neck for a number of things first of all the head and the neck are kind of used to counteract the hind end so i can look at my horse's upper body to see how they're going to respond with their hind end so if my horse is getting ready to take off her bolts what they may look like is their head may be up and they're ready to make that motion and jump into that motion another thing the horse will do with its neck is try to protect itself so if there's a predator that's coming to take down the horse the predator is going to go for the neck this is kind of the sensitive part of the horse and the vulnerable spot so the horse is going to try and protect its neck by moving its head and blocking you or the predator either way from their neck so this could be what an untrusting horse looks like if i'm standing here and i want to walk to the side of the horse the horse might put its head up and kind of block me from going over here because they don't trust me yet that i can go over here and be next to their vulnerable part another thing the horse may do with their neck is they may use their height to assert their dominance i've seen this in the field watching tucker play with other horses what he'll do is he'll put his head up and really tall and run into them with his chest he may also the horses will start nipping at each other and whoever can get their head up the highest is considered the alpha so that's another way to look for it and to notice whether or not your horse is doing that with you because if they're using their head in that way that could show that they're trying to be more dominant over you so the next two body parts kind of go in conjunction with one another we're going to talk about the tail right and the horse's muzzle or their mouth so both of these body parts can be used to tension whether it's tension with pain or its tension like they're feeling nervous or anxious so that's two body parts to be aware of so the last body part we're going to be covering are the horse's legs and the horse's legs can be used to communicate a few different things number one since horses are prey animals their natural instinct is to flee from anything that they may find in danger so we're going to be looking at the horse's feet and seeing if they're moving their feet if a horse starts moving their feet that means they're getting ready they want to flee and they may be really suspicious of something so a horse may also use their feet as weapons and so that's another important thing to note so we can watch the horse's feet to start to see are they feeling safe around us or maybe they're a little less sure of who you are and what you're doing around them so now that we've talked about the body parts to be aware of when your horse is communicating now i want to go over certain behaviors your horse is going to try and communicate to you and how they may do that so the first behavior we're going to cover today is a relaxed horse so we'll just start with the head and work our way back as to what you can look for when your horse is communicating this so a relaxed horse they're going to have their ears relaxed tucker here thinks i have a treat so his ears are going to probably be turned out like this and they're just going to be relaxed so when his ears go forward i can feel there's tension in them but a relaxed horse will just have them no tension just kind of relax and sit in here so when a horse is relaxed their eye is going to look like they're enjoying themselves see how his eyes kind of closed there he's like ah this is a nice breeze i'm standing in the shade and it's kind of hot out and so their eyes gonna look kind of sleepy maybe half closed and they'll just look like they're resting and they feel good so i mentioned the muzzle earlier so when your horse is relaxed their muzzle is going to be relaxed so you may notice that their bottom lip is really droopy and it looks like they're trying to catch flies with it they'll be hanging down low and they may just be chewing that's another way your horse may show that they're relaxed or enjoying themselves is by chewing also a big sigh i hear a lot of horses do that so that's another way your horse may demonstrate that they're relaxed another clear indicator that your horse is relaxed is where they carry their head so a relaxed horse is probably going to carry their head pretty low and it's just going to kind of be even with their body i see it usually like this and then they'll be half sleeping and they'll have their head just kind of like this and that just shows that there's no tension throughout their top line they're just relaxed and they're just enjoying wherever they are when a horse is relaxed with their neck that's another way to show that the horse trusts you so especially if i'm standing right here and i'm near the neck which is a vulnerable part of the horse's body if a horse is willing to be relaxed and have their head low and just not really paying attention to me that shows that they're fine with me right here next to this vital piece of equipment so a horse that's relaxed is gonna have a nice and relaxed tail i should be able to grab it and it just move easily and it will wave like that and i can just easily go like this i can feel that there's no tension in his tail he's just letting me pick it up and be like this so if i just look at it i can see that it's more relaxed a tucked tail will look like it's pressed right up against the rump but this tail is nice and relaxed and he's just chilling so as we mentioned earlier since a horse is a herd animal and a prey animal their first instinct is to flee if there's any sign of danger so if your horse is relaxed their feet aren't going to be moving they're going to be relaxing their feet so usually a relaxed horse will have a cocked back leg where they're standing like this and that just shows that they're not worried there's no tension in them they're not have their feet planted or moving their feet like they're getting ready to bolt but they're just staining and they're chillaxing nothing's going to bug them if you're enjoying these tips so far please be sure to like this video and subscribe to our channel so now that we've talked about how to tell if your horse is relaxed let's talk about how to tell if your horse is anxious so if your horse's ears look like they're doing a beauty pageant wave they may be anxious so what i mean by that is that your horse's ears are just pointing everywhere that radar is trying to find something they're like there's something out there that's going to get me i need to be on high alert and they're just looking for what may be a danger so if your horse's ears are constantly moving or maybe they're just really dead locked on one thing that's a good sign that they're starting to get a little anxious so tucker here i can always tell when he's starting to get anxious because his eyes get super big so another way you can tell if your horse is starting to get a little nervous is that their eyes are going to be wide and you're probably going to be able to see the whites around their eyes a little bit and so they may also look like they just had too many espressos and they have a ton of caffeine in them and they're getting ready to just bounce off the walls so let's talk about this big muzzle here what's this going to be doing if your horse is anxious a good sign your horse is anxious is that their nostrils will be flared and sometimes i've heard anxious or excited horses they snort really loud through their nose and they kind of sound like a pig so as soon as the horse starts doing that i'm like well okay better get ready to fall off another thing to look for is that the horse's bottom lip is going to be really tight like we mentioned earlier horses tend to carry a lot of tension in their mouth and their tail so the first place i'm going to see that tension when they're anxious is in their lip it's going to look like they have that tight bottom lip so let's talk about the horse's neck and head position what is it going to be doing if your horse is anxious so the first way i can tell a horse is starting to get a little anxious is that they carry their head very up high and that shows that they're alert they're looking for things but that also shows that they're about to bolt and they're about to push off with their hind end it can also be used to protect them so if i'm untrusting or if my horse is starting to get anxious they may put their head up and start blocking me from getting to their neck so that's another thing to look for so if your horse is nervous their tail may be doing a number of different things first of all i'll look to see if the horse's tail is tucked a nervous horse may keep their tail tucked really close to their rump another thing to look for if your horse is getting really excited they may raise their tail really high and so look nice and flowy in the wind but it also means that your horse is probably about to take off what is an anxious horse going to be doing with their feet the last thing they're going to want to do is stand still so if a horse is starting to get anxious and they feel unsafe they're going to want to bolt or be moving because that way they know they can escape the predator so i've covered a horse's calm and we've covered a horse that's so let's now cover a horse that's mad oh that's a big yawn buddy he's like i'm not mad but if he were mad what he would look like is his ear would be flat against his head like that like we've talked about tension in the ear a mad horse is definitely going to have tension in that ear but it's going to be tension like this to where their ear is pointed back and laying flat on their head so as you can see when his ears are back his eyes kind of automatically get a perturbed look in them so that's a good indicator that he's mad so mad horse may also have their nostrils flared and that really tight lip and once again that's going to tell us about tension in the body it's kind of like the horse is kind of on edge and they're like don't come closer to me and so that's kind of how they're carrying that tension right in there so if a horse is kind of mad what they're going to do with their head is they're going to try and keep their head in between you and them and this is kind of like a protective maneuver they don't want you coming close to them and so they're going to try really hard to keep you from getting close to their body or their vulnerable parts so if i was to stand right here tucker is going to keep his head right here and he's not going to let me go to either side of him so he would kind of try and block me from getting over here so another thing a mad horse may do is try to establish their dominance with you and the way they're going to do that is using their head and neck so in the wild if you watch horses the more dominant horse will usually have their head up higher where they can push the other horses with their chest or they can get their head over the other horses so the horse will do the exact same thing with you they may put their head up and put it over you or they may put their neck up and kind of run into you with their chest so if your horse is getting mad or perturbed what they're going to do with their tail is they may swish it or flick it like that so they'll even do this when you're riding i can tell if a horse is mad or maybe in pain because they're flicking their tail and swishing it all over the place so they're going to have a lot of tension up here as they do that and that's just one thing to watch out if your horse is getting a little mad a tail can also indicate that they really don't want you by their hind end they may be flicking it at you so that's just something to watch for so what is a mad horse going to do with their feet so if your horse is mad and maybe they want to kick out they may be holding their feet up in the air like this like they're about to try and reach out and kick you so that's something to watch for another thing a mad horse may do is just plant their feet and refuse to move i've seen this a lot but it's kind of them trying to stand their ground and kind of be a little dominant and so when that happens you know that your horse is maybe getting a little perturbed or angry another behavior we're going to cover is a bored horse so what would a board horse communicate to you using their body language so the next behavior we're going to go over is a horse that's bored so what does a board horse using their body language so we've talked about how the ears show where the horse's interest and focus are so if your horse's ears are just kind of like hanging low and maybe a little flat that means they don't really have any interest or focus in anything so let's say you're out on the trail and your horse is having fun maybe you're jumping a log the horse's ears will be pricked forward and looking at that log that shows that they see where they're going they're focused on what you're pointing them at so if your horse is bored they're not going to have that personality in their ears so their ears will probably just be like this so how many of you have been in school and you're daydreaming and you lose focus and you just find yourself suddenly just staring off into the middle of nowhere i've definitely done that so horses do the exact same thing if they're bored and not engaged their eyes will kind of look a little glazed over and they'll just maybe be looking off in the distance but it doesn't look like they're actually seeing anything so if your horse is bored one thing they may do is carry tension in their mouth what this may look like is them playing with their bit and that's just giving them something to do because they're not really interested in what you're asking them to and so they may get tension up here and you may see them like chewing on the bit or sucking it up into their mouth so when it comes to being bored a horse isn't really going to do much with their neck they're not going to exert any energy they're not going to exert any stretch through here like you may see getting your horse to soften or on a frame they're just going to kind of have their neck flat they're not going to be carrying themselves properly and so if you feel like if you're riding and you feel like your horse just doesn't have any momentum or any like energy to their stride that may mean that they're bored so a board horse's tail may do one of two things one it may just hang here loosely kind of lifeless just like okay come on or i've also seen board horses kind of swish their tail too kind of like they're mad like they're kind of perturbed that they're doing the same thing over and over again so that's something to watch for with the tail so when it comes to your board horse's feet what you're really going to look for is if they have any energy to their stride so a board horse may be more willing to drag their feet and just kind of be like this you know they're not putting effort into their movements or their emotions or even what you're asking them to do so if your horse struggles with boredom it may be time to change up your routine so we just made an entire video about some fun and new interesting things you can do with your horse to make them have a little challenge and to maybe liven up their lives a little bit so we'll put the link in the description to that video so if you found this video helpful please do me a huge favor and give it a thumbs up this will give the video out to more people and also you can subscribe to our channel to watch our weekly horse videos [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @Mthouse222 [1 likes]: What breed is your horse?
  2. @leslieedwards-z5k [1 likes]: Rembrandt, who is a tobiano draft cross lowers his head so that I can take his fly mask off every time I see him.  When we are done for the day he lowers his head and points his ears forward to I can put it back on.  Awesome for a 16.3H horse
  3. @Mthouse222: https://youtu.be/I95J-kS7M0U?t=773 What should I do if this happens!?
  4. @Gayhorses: Using this to add details to my series about magic equines! Tysm for this helpful video, appreciate you and your handsome boyyy omg
  5. @foxbear87: this video is so useful !
  6. @iqrasafdar9386: Can you call me how to gain your horse like horse horses , trust
  7. @ooo_Kim_Chi_ooo: When my horse sees me he clacks. When he sees my wife his gets the zoomies.
  8. @geniemedford9200: Tucker seemed bored.🤣 "Ohhhh, same o same o", he says. A cutie! Thanks for the video! 😍
  9. @Hailz24x7: This was very informative! Thank you for teaching the behaviors of these wonderful creatures. This video can help humans understand horses with the respect they deserve!
  10. @Nicole-f7z: Very helpful ❤
  11. @TheHorseLanguage: Nice Video, good information, thankyou
  12. @ianinaharms: Thank you❤
  13. @formalpotato5874: 6:39 they sighed together 😭😭😭😭
  14. @VashTheSpiegel: Name: Roach
Sex: Mare
Location: Wherever Geralt needs her
  15. @existinthenow7443: This was fantastic!
  16. @NikkiJoerger: I’ve been raised with horses I no how to no how to take care of them my mother is father taught me that that called a halter  and lead line
  17. @NikkiJoerger: Never get behind them with out them knowing never make loud noises be very quiet and calm
  18. @NikkiJoerger: U have to watch their ears
  19. @keithbouret4792: So I have a question what does it mean when a horse blows air out their mouth and their lip shatter they seem to do it when they're by themselves or out in the field I just wondered what it meant
  20. @MGTookee: You can see as the video goes on these signs start to come into fruition

- DON'T be THIS Horse Riding Instructor (Common Mistakes): Kind: captions Language: en what is the correct way to teach horse riding lessons now i've traveled around the world i've worked in five different continents 20 different countries i've traveled more than 60 with horses um and i've seen a few things you know i'm a coach and one of the things that i've noticed is how to spot a good instructor and a poor instructor and you know it's weird because for some reason and i don't know why but in the usa for example we don't even have a certification program so i'm certified with the fei you know obviously that's in europe but i am certified and you don't really find that a lot in the usa which is crazy and so how can you decide or determine if you know your instructor is doing what they should be doing but also if you are interested in becoming an instructor or coach you know what are some things and tools and skills that you can use to kind of level up and one up your game and actually maybe even charge a little bit more money because you're actually doing it correctly if you haven't already please do me a favor hit that subscribe button and also like this video it actually helps with youtube algorithm and i am very appreciative if you do one of the biggest mistakes that i have seen some amateur horse riding instructors make is that they will stand outside of the arena or sit on the fence of the arena and not actually be inside of the arena with the student and involved in that lesson now let me explain a little bit when i am coaching a student and i'm giving a lesson i have to be in the actual arena with them whether it's jumping or dressage maybe it's even something like very basic like you know just trotting a circle around the arena but no matter what the exercise is or the lesson is i am inside the arena i'm walking around i mean it is impossible to be a really good horse riding coach and be fat because you are going to be walking around you're going to be moving all day like i would spend all day long on my feet and i wouldn't sit down once in the whole day now i was you know in my 20s and i had the energy to do that but you know that is how i conduct a lesson so the instructors that are just sitting on the side of the fence or they have a little like microphone thing that they're just shouting into and they're yelling at you you know oh just canter make a circle here that is not the signs of a very good horse riding coach and the reason is because when you are on the sidelines okay when you're on the sidelines there's a whole lot of small details that you cannot see and also it's very hard for you to give your student that exact timing okay timing is everything when it comes to teaching horse riding lessons so if my horse if the student is trying to make an exercise with that horse i need to see exactly what the horse and student are doing and i need to be able to give them very precise instructions at the exact moment i see it happening in order for them to kind of do it so that the horse can do whatever it is that i want them to do for the day so you know for example if we're working on leg yields if i'm on the sidelines i might not be able to see especially if you know they're at a weird angle or you know they're behind me or in front of me or whatever i might not be able to see the exact moment that the rider is you know using the outside ring or this leg or this or that i might not be able to see what the horse is doing you know are they a little bit tense are they relaxed are they actually stepping through all the way you know i won't really be able to see that from the sidelines and another thing is there's a lot of let's call it therapy that goes on especially when you're coaching adults when you're coaching children they just want to have fun and play games but even with the kids you know if you're not paying attention to their emotions you know if they're scared if you present them with a jump or something you know a challenging task or an exercise whether it's adults or kids you will not be able to see their faces and their emotions and what they might be trying to hide from you again if you're on the sidelines if i'm right there in the action okay i'm right beside the jump and i'm watching them go over the jump through the grid or whatever i can actually see their face their and i'm gonna actually know exactly what's happening even if they're trying to hide something from me and the horse is gonna tell me a little bit as well but as a coach i need to know what's going on in my students brain and how their emotions are probably affecting the horse and the exercise so if my student is scared or getting frustrated then probably the horse is going to start getting frustrated or scared and maybe stop start running out on the jumps or you know whatever it is and as a coach i need to prevent all of that from happening i need to set my students up for success so i need to be able to gauge them i need to be able to gauge my horse and i need to be able to kind of take control of the arena and make sure that everything goes roughly how i want it to go another mistake that i see some amateur instructors make and i don't know if this is very common in the us anymore but i've seen them doing it in the uk for example and in india definitely and a lot of places when i was traveling and there's this weird concept of like follow the leader where they just have students kind of nose to tail and they're just following each other and even if they're young kids i've had students as young as five and you know what those five-year-olds they had private lessons with me they were doing all kinds of things like i gave them a little pony biscuit they were going around the arena they were cantering they were doing this i mean they're doing all kinds of things but if i was to take that same five-year-old and just park it behind the tail of another horse that kid that student is never going to learn how to actually ride they're just gonna sit there and float around the arena and this happened in england which shocked me england is you know first world country and i can't understand why they would be doing this but they had a lady on a lead line and they were basically asking the pony to canter so they would have one pony canter and then go to the back of the pack and then the next person would canter and go to the back of the pack and these were all you know five six-year-old kids and the parents were on the sidelines like applauding and cheering like yeah my little five-year-old is cantering and these kids were flopping around they had no control over their bodies no control over the horse this person who was kind of leading the pony was just kind of making the pony they were just sort of chasing the pony at all costs just to impress the parents and it was just atrocious to watch and i pray that no one ever makes their kids do lessons like that because it's horrible so these little kind of lessons that is not what you want that does not develop writers that does not make them um confident or comfortable you know they are flopping around half of them are crying i mean there's no point in them writing just so the parents can kind of applaud and say that their five-year-old kid cantered half of a lap so you know that is completely useless and if you were doing that please please stop doing that okay because it's it's just not helping anyone um so yeah those are the biggest mistakes that i see instructors making comment below if you've seen any other just really horrible god awful mistakes that you've seen instructors making and that you want them to just you know stop doing because i'm sure there's a lot of them please remember to hit that subscribe button if you haven't already and thank you so much for watching happy trails

  Top Comments:
  1. @kootenaysean [7 likes]: One thing that bugs me is when trainers stand beside you and pet your horse or distract the horse while you're doing an exercise.
Thank you for posting this video - it is great!
  2. @Pro3110 [3 likes]: I'd practically give my right arm for a coach like you who is close enough to me to take lessons from, but I kind of need it to carry feed buckets. The "good instructor" you described was personified in my first, and only, teacher, Joy. We moved several states away and that was the end of my instruction. Now, over four decades later, I  find myself in need of a coach if I'm to have any chance of making a lifelong dream of mine come true.
  3. @pearlcampbell476 [1 likes]: I am such a walker with my students . I like to see if they are balanced or collapsing I. There body . If the outside leg isn’t coming back efficiently for the canter transition. So many other reasons
  4. @TOMCONLEY-NFPCCC-CCSE-HORSES [1 likes]: Thank you, you hit the nail on the head on lots. 

I have seen and even taken clients from high end “trainers” because they will either yell at the horse or kid / rider whilst still mounted! 

LIKE YES WE NEED TO BE IN CHARGE BUT WE NEED TO BE A PARTNERSHIP AND DONT DISCIPLINE WHILST ON HORSEBACK!
  5. @Zen_Viniti [1 likes]: What would you recommend to do instead of the "pony nose to tail method" for  level 1 beginner young kids while first learning how to sit the trot and so on until they develop enough of the skills to properly do so on their own?
  6. @shelleygagnon5566 [1 likes]: I think one of the most frustrating things I've seen in lessons is a lack of equality for students. When a coach is doing group lessons and works with a couple of select people, most of it rather than the entire group. It's not equal opportunity. I dont mean in the sense that one student is doing slightly more advance riding than another in the lesson, I mean time spent on a particular student. 

I understand it's bound to happen. Everyone will have a favorite student or two, but I've seen so many people fall out of love with horses due to neglect on a coaches part. 

I feel like if a coach doesn't want to work with a particular student because they don't mesh well together or they see a lack of confidence, etc. And aren't willing to put the time in... more coaches need to cut that student loose rather than keep them around for the extra few bucks. 

Same as if there is a specific student with more natural talent or just a faster learner, maybe they should switch to private lessons to get the proper attention they need. It just seems like a cash grab to me.
  7. @ruthm1384 [1 likes]: One big one around here is how every lesson is basically following the exact same pattern every time. I stopped riding at these types of riding schools for that very reason. It gets really boring really quickly, and the horses seem like robots that already know the routine and no longer "need" to respond to the rider's cues. It can actually be difficult to get the horse to listen at all, because they just follow the predictable pattern of every lesson.
  8. @christiewright2486 [1 likes]: Being on the phone while teaching
  9. @danicarsonmusic [1 likes]: I would love some guidance to teach students how to engage their core during a lope - I understand that it takes students time to build up the muscle memory to ride through, I just want more ways that I can help their process come along! We do ride western, so I'm unsure if it's taught differently with different disciplines, but any and all advice is welcome!
  10. @lightofconsiousness: so when you have a group do you walk around the middle the whole time ? because if so then how can you safely manage the whole ride ?
  11. @candicefabian408: Hmmm... I rode with a well known classical dressage instructor from the ages of 4 to about 10. There was always an assistant on a horse who acted as "lead pony" that I would follow behind. I kinda have to disagree with you on this - instead of being focused on a million different things at once like speed, steering, etc while training to maintain appropriate equitation, it freed me up to learn equitation very quickly, very early. And from that solid foundation, once I didn't have a leader anymore than went to a hunter/jumper barn, my proper equitation allowed me to have a lot more control of whatever horse I was riding. I got nothing but blue ribbons in every equitation class I entered. I was unbeatable 😅 And as I delved further into foxhunt, cross country, eventing, h/j, etc, I already had the firmest, most solid equitation required to really get up in there and ride hard... and well! ❤
  12. @desertdweller9548: Do any of your videos not start with you humble bragging about your European certifications? Serious question. 🧐
  13. @AtkaNova: The god awful list is too big lol
  14. @CallaLily69: That beginning example of a fat instructor in the corner of the arena with a microphone is literally my riding instructor. I want to switch barns, but I lease a horse there and I've literally been at this barn for 4 years
  15. @Ilovbfdi: Hello! I was wondering if you could give me advice. As a 13 year old who has been doing 4 years of horse back riding, my riding coach doesn’t really teach me much. For example, I did a walk trot show last year, however I am still doing that. In march i learned how to Dante,r but I’m getting worse. I feel like switching barns but my parents are still skeptical about it. What can I do? Is my instructor bad? Keep in mind I am a very fast learner.
  16. @Qwerty-nm6qi: My instructor who’s usually good made me redo the same exercise 20 times even though I was scared and more and more anxious/frustrated. The more I was stressed the worse it got, it was chaotic. I’m not saying I’m not the problem here but what is the instructor to do with an anxious mess like me? We went 30minutes overtime to make me do the exercise, I was so SICK of it.
  17. @StajniaKaleidescope: How about teaching the kids to post before teaching them to balance so that they harm both their back and the horses? Ugh.
  18. @fionamarques1565: Massachusetts has a license that is required to obtain before teaching.
  19. @michaelsamuels9901: My coach yells at me lol at 57 adult beginner not fun when young kids are killing it lol
  20. @MS-stk456: I am not certified but I bet I could do a better dam job than some snot people who think they are Jesus

- What Saddlery is Needed for a Horse Show | WSS EQUESTRIAN SHOW PREP TIPS | Show Horse Preparation: Kind: captions Language: en hi guys Whitney from WSS a question welcome to my video on what gear or what salary do you need to start showing a horse here in Australia thank you very much to Lucia for reaching out to me on Instagram at WSS question and sending me a PM uh private message asking hey can you please tell me what do we need when we're starting out in showing gear wise So today we're just going to do a quick run through on my recommended items you must have when you're starting off showing so for starters let's look at the pads this is one of two options that you have when it comes to showing a horse here in Australia this is like when you're in the open open and Hunter Rings you've got these two styles of saddle pads to choose from it's different when you're in a breeds class or an association like answer Association they have their own individual Navy and red saddle cloth with their logo on it and you would to write in that class you need that subtle cost if that makes sense but to just get started in the show ring I highly recommend you choose one of the two pads these are very popular at the moment these are the full numnas and then this is the half nominal so let's have a look at the half number first so this is a sheepskin half number made by the rugrack um I love this silver this is what when I'm showing my black show horse Teddy this is what I ride him in this sheepskin number that is a half pad what it looks like so it's a great pad to use I've had this since 2014 um the rub graft beautiful lady there that runs that business yeah they're just impeccable beautifully made products and I just can't fault them if that makes sense so this is almost 10 years old this time but when I first started off showing before I got that half ad I was showing Teddy in this and sometimes here and there I'll still show him in this depending how we're going the weather and how I'm feeling so this is a full numna it is padded it is running but it is a Roma brand I got it from saddle Horseland I brought this from Horseland years ago again I've had this for almost 10 years as well and yeah I think the more padding so this just outlines the saddle when the saddles on top of this and the fleece is just the edge of the saddle um when it comes to choosing the colors of these uh again it's all optical illusion how you stand out in the showing how your what your point of difference is a lot of people will say match this to your attack or in the horse so today's a black horse I have black tap on him and he has a black num now um if I was in a field and there was a lot of other black horses I would race back to my horse float I have a spare one of these numbness I used to show in the white numna but I would race back to my horse float and I would swap out the black number to the white numna just to be that point of difference to help stand out in the crowd and help the judge remember who I am if that makes sense if there's a lot of dark horses that I'm competing against again it's all psychology and optical illusion that is a big part of showing horses so these are your two options I'm just going to hold the start off it's raining at the moment I can't hear them so I just want to hold this here so you can see that can you see how the best example but can you see how it sort of outlines the saddle here if that makes sense so that is what you're aiming for with your numbnut to just outline subtly the saddle but you still got a saddle cloth underneath the saddle so with that being said let's jump straight into the saddle this saddle here is an old bait saddle item I'm a baits person all my Saddles are baits or I've got wintech but that's in the non-leather range if that makes sense so that's just my personal preference um I'm just a baits lover like my mum has my mum's bait saddle was yeah apart from stock Saddles we mum Saddles and baits her little dressage saddle it was a bait saddle and I've just they work for me and they work for my horses and that's where I'm at in life so I think this is the Bates Capri saddle uh it's a much older version so this is a brown leather saddle this is Shrek's show saddle I've got two of these actually so I think I've got two saddles for them so all you need is stirrups stir Stirrup stirrup leathers obviously a girth the girth is up to you you can have a white girth years ago when I first started showing again I was using just a white girth wintek one from my local Saddlery and then I moved on in recent years to the White Horse equestrian black leather for Teddy show saddle a leather go so at the end of the day it's all optical illusion what looks neat and tidy when you present your horse in the show ring and what will help you be memorable to the judge to stand out um and stick in their mind if that makes sense so when you're showing you needed the kind of Capri but you need a dressage saddle that's straight down here not the all-purpose saddle where it pokes out here for your knees when you're jumping and whatnot so this is the saddle that you need when you're competing in the show ring a dressage style saddle nothing else snow next week depends but again if you're in a stock horse Ring it's a bit different then you got you've got to wear the attire for the stockholster the breed if that makes sense so fenders or stock Saddles you've got to go in that direction but when you're doing open open hacks and show Hunters these are the Saddles you aim for in using so here you don't you want neat and tidy you don't want scratches bite marks uh you know you don't want damage on your shoe like it happens and it depends on your budget and what you can afford but if you're aiming for Royal level showing you need to have neat and tidy uh attack that is not damaged so you need stirrups stirrup leathers and the saddle up and a girth and also a number holder so let's have a quick look at what a number holder is so this is my warehouse equestrian number holder see nice big numbers this bit here goes to the girth and then up here this bit Loops over the neck of the horse and you've got to put your number in that the show Society provides you when you're at Big Shows yes that's what a number holder looks like I haven't got with me right here it's at home in the shed that's why just panning that shot just in so number holder is for Royal shows some egg shows some breed shows mites you know recommend them but you know the number holder is to identify you in the ring with a number that is clearly presented that the judge can go okay Mark that one down pencil that one it helps when there's a large like particular Royal shows and there's a large amount of horses the judge is going to be quick quick and make a decisions and not get confused oh was it that brown house was it no it was that number in this number and that number that makes sense so that is a very important object that you should have for those that are aiming to head into the Royal showing okay now that the saddle and sour pattern has been discussed let's talk about our bridal options so this here is a snaffle Bridle it has one set of reins flat noseband this is for um open show horses so this is a blingy brow band a hunter horses you don't have the blingy brow band it is the plain leather you can get platted leather brow bands but in more often than not you need the same leather brow bin that you get on your Bridal and that matches the nose band if that makes sense um you can change them out though so that is what your Bridal options are when you're first getting started in a horse showing scene and then you want the lovely snaffle bit okay you want a snaffle bit you do not want to start or again it depends on the horse's education if the horses you know got lots of hours under the saddle you can start Straight Out The Gate in a double Bridle but it more from the knot they need to start off in a snaffle Bridle it depends like if you were going to a top level show Rider I'm now training the horse um yeah it depends on the education and where they're sitting performance wise and where you're going but more often than not they will even top show Riders will start a horse off in the newcomer section of the showing World in a snaffle Bridle so that is what you need you can buy these these starter styles of Bridals from a lot of places New Market Saturday you can get one for around fifty dollars uh forty dollars they're very very cheap in that regard of getting started um just good good little leather bridles to get started but when you're heading off into a royal show more often than not you want higher quality like this is an almost 400 Bridle this is my white horse equestrian Bridle that I've got my elegant grab in an accessory brow bend on so I have it covered at all times this is Teddy's show Bridle that I wore that I ride him in at the Sydney Royal this is a brow bin cover very handy to help keep makeup off the brow bands when in transit and when moving around so there's a nice snippet a bit of a close-up so I've had Teddy almost 10 years and so he we've achieved now the riding in a double Bridle uh oh that's hooked on there or something like that just so we can we can see this so double Bridle is for more control uh is definitely for people that are experienced if you're not experienced and you need to get your coach you need a coach if you don't have a writing instructor you need someone to guide you and help you uh with using or upgrading so that you know you don't have issues with your horse and you don't hurt them and you don't get the wrong understanding of what this is for so these are two sets of reins because you've got the snuffle bit here and the Way Mount bit there and then you've got your chain to go around underneath the chin chain so these are very important in higher level showing uh just to demonstrate the ability of the horse getting on them on the bit and performing with them to a high standard so these are when you're heading off when you're going up your levels in show riding this is the Bridle that is very handy to have and good good quality yes good quality brow band but a good quality Bridle is a must when you're showing so it all depends where you're at what you're aiming for in your showing career um it's just one of them things that you have got to spend money on good quality products because they work to the best of their ability when you pay that higher amount of money that's an attack that so guys there we have it that's what you need when you're starting off showing a horse here in Australia you need a num num which is a either or of a full number or a half numbnut then you need your saddle and on your saddle you need your girth stirrups Stirrup letters and the saddle of course you need those items to be able to ride in then you need a number holder you need that that big big number that goes on the chest of the horse you want that there just in case for you head off into Royal shows later on then you need your Bridle and on your Bridle you need a brow band either be open hack or uh show Hunter brow band then you need to also make sure it's either snaffle or in a snuffle bit or if you're going to go up in your levels of showing and riding with your horse you need to make sure you've got a double Bridle uh with a Way Mount way mouth bit in it and then you're set to go so they are my must-have recommendations on tack when starting off showing a horse thank you so much Alicia for reaching out to me on Instagram anyone else any other viewers if you've got any questions or you'd like me to explain things it's a bit more further detail please leave that in the comment section down below or PM me on Instagram WSS question alright guys if you'd like to do your show host riding Adventures I'll see in the next video bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @Infelicity.VA4 [1 likes]: Do you have to use a double tho? I have this fear that I will forget it one day or something will happen to it and all I will have on the float is a snaffle bridle
  2. @projectnade [1 likes]: I love your point around the 3min mark where you would change it over to stand out in a large field of similar types.

- Adult Amateur Update, Developing Riding Skills and Riding What You Want: Kind: captions Language: en this is the horse radio network this is episode 542 of the D radio show official podcast of the United States rage Federation on the horse radio network brought to you by Kentucky Performance Products total settle fit.com bit Saddlery and surefit equin stability program for this thing Thanksgiving episode our guests are Karen isburg with her adult amateur segment then regular Wendy Murdoch talks about methods to develop riding skills and we have a great trainer tip with Brianna swilling this is Ree coffler Stanfield from Georgetown Kentucky and this is Philip Parks from Rockwood Ontario and you're listening to the Das radio show and we have Glenn on hi Glenn Happy Thanksgiving everybody Happy Thanksgiving Happy Thanksgiving late Phil I know happy American Thanksgiving Phil you're a month and a bit you're a month and a bit late we missed it like a month it was a month ago for for Canada that's okay snowy do you celebrate the same way is it big family thing and dinner and all that yeah you guys do a Thursday thing which is sort of weird we we have a you know we kind of celebrate on the weekend and have the Monday off from work for most people so that's that's how we do it and it's in October the pumpkins are still around that kind of thing so I think it's just a seasonal yeah earliness yeah it sounds we do it so we can eat from for four solid weeks to we were talking about that holiday treat all the way we had that discussion today I was like nobody's allowed to bring any treats to the barn literally I will you have to leave if you could bring them because normally you know cookies and cakes and we're getting ready to go south and needs to be no cookies and cakes in our barn because we'll eat them all so but yeah no it's great Glenn what do you you and Jennifer do for than we go to my brother lives uh in our same development horsey development down here so we go over there and have a kind of a quiet day and you know spend the day with him it's ironic we live a mile apart and like most families we see him like twice a year so yeah yeah it's true that's so sad we get it you never talk to your brother and it's like yep I know the feeling I know my brother and his girls are coming he has two girls and so there are four of my little babies are around my nieces and nephews and they're not so young the youngest is six now six and a half so we're we're pretty active now and now it's like that's the loud stage that's the loud stage they are and they're mostly girls so we're not allow to scream at the top of our lungs like Aunt Reese can't handle that so as long as we're not screeching I'm I'm good but there's so much fun and you can like have a conversation with them and we can if they don't want to sit at dinner they get excused and they go play and then we can actually have some like adult time is an adult table and a kids table like it used to be for us no we don't I no we just kind of all sit my parents have a they can expand their table so we all kind of sit at the same table but it's not as formal as it used to be we've just kind of at this point in time we just kind of let that roll fancy China is gone now it will come back I'm sure my mom likes to have a fancy Thanksgiving but right now just with the ages and you know we play football and and play horses and they come to the barn and we ride a little bit we ride my niece's Pony and you know we have that kind of fun now so it's a little bit different but we all you know just have a nice big spread and and the guys hang out and watch football and it's a really fun fun week and it's my niece's birthday so we we're doing a little painting ornaments you know things like so I really do enjoy that and and I actually am taking Friday off I we were talking right before the show I very rarely will take a day off but I don't see them very often so I really want to enjoy spending time with them but my nieces said they would come help me with uh Barn chores so I would don't I'm not take say no see Phil that's why we do it on a Thursday because then we get Thursday Friday Saturday and Sunday off and Sunday off yeah we get the whole weekend makes yeah and of course it's Black Friday so I mean there's that right yeah I'm I I participate in that so yeah for sure well Glen we also have something really fun coming right after Thanksgiving you working on radiothon is going holiday radiothon our fifth year is going to be on Monday so be sure to tune in 12 hours live from 9:00 a.m. to 900 p.m. eastern time you guys are hosting the 11:00 a.m. eastern hour and we'll be here with your guest Pam Stone comedian Pam Stone who also Dr Rider and just hilarious she's a lot of fun so she'll be here we have guest all day long we're giving away a ton of prizes almost $10,000 worth and tell me one other podcast in any genre that's giving away $10,000 in prizes in one day Zero I was gonna say I don't think that happened zero yeah so cool so that's all happening Monday you can call in to win so go to Holiday ron.com call in early in the day that way your name's in the Hat all day long we're giving away prizes and you can see what all the prizes are you can see what all the guests are and we'll have it recorded after as well so if you miss anything live every hour is going to be out recorded so you won't miss anything but it's a it's so much fun and it's a great day and it just I can't tell you how many people I probably counted about a 100 people that have said they've taken the day off this year from work so they can listen All Day live and also people say that it just gets them in the mood it's the thing that turns the corner for him for Christmas so aome yep so that's radio well we're looking forward to it yep we we're 11 o' so we're looking forward to chatting with everybody it's going to be great one and we have a great Thanksgiving show for you today and we're going to stop with quick commercial from Kentucky Performance Products and come back with Karen isberg on her Oro cookie segment she swallowed hard as they walked into the start box she could feel his muscles tense under her leg 5 4 3 2 1 have a great ride she didn't have to ask he galloped out of the box and across the field toward their first training level course his ears pricked her heart pounded he attacked each obstacle with confidence clearing them with room to spare a huge smile broke out on her face as she crossed through the Finish Flags she leaned forward and buried her face in his neck their bond of love and Trust blocked out all else this love story is brought to you by Elevate research proven to have Superior bioavailability Elevate supplies the essential vitamin E often missing from the equin diet it's allnatural formula supports healthy muscle and nerve functions the horse that matters to you matters to Kentucky Performance Products call 859 873 2974 or visit kpp usa.com to order today well tonight for our adult amateur Spotlight we have Karen isberg she stayed on to give us a talk about her horse Oreo and she during the day is the president and CEO of Kentucky Performance Products but this is her adult amateur Spotlight for the month so Karen welcome back hey thanks for having me we are excited to have you and we have had a very very good month of training which I can happily report as your trainer but tell everybody what's been going on this month we've had a very very good month well we've had a lot of fun I think one of the things that's really helped us out is it's cooled off a little bit and Oreo Oreo does not like it when it's hot and Oreo is not he's not always he's he's a little bit lazy anyway and then when it's hot he's just kind of like oh like God I can't go I just can't moose he just just he'll walk in he'll just stop and re is going what's going on there I'm like I he can't move to tired so we have to get so now that it's cooled off I have a lot more more horse you know and so it's been a lot of fun because I don't have to kick as much so I can get some other things done I think the biggest thing that um we've that has happened this month is that I'm really starting to develop I mean what what I guess what yourage writers call feel and I don't know exactly how to describe that ree except that I can I can tell what my horse is doing underneath me and I can tell sometimes before he gets to the point where it's so obvious and we we've gone so wrong that it's hard to fix does that is that a good way to describe that Phil yeah I mean feel is is such a hard time it's it's really hard hard to describe feel right so tell us what what what do you define as feel for me yeah so for me the feel is the way I've the way I can best describe it is that oftentimes now I will start to correct something before you tell me I have to correct it because I've started I've I'm beginning to feel when so Oreo likes to get long as as we as as we go so um if we're doing a c or something he's better but then when we go down the long side he tends to get long and on his forehand and before I didn't really notice that but now as I come out of the corner I can start to feel him starting to fall and I can do the half halt or the quick feet or whatever we need to do to correct that before he gets so long and before you're going okay now he's gotten really long you have to pick him back up again and it's much harder to correct it once he's stretched himself all out and gotten very long it's much easier to correct it if I can feel that he's starting to do that and catch it before he does it so in my mind that's kind of what feel is it's it's almost like when you first learn to ride you can't tell when your horse is going to break into a trot they just do it and you're like oh no all of a sudden they're trotting or you know or they're walking they're trotting and next thing you know they're walking but as you ride the longer you ride the easier it is for you to tell that moment before they break that they're going to break and you can you can kick them and get them to to move forward and not break so I think that's a real simple description of feel but then as you get more advanced the feel becomes how the horse is moving is he collected is he using his hind end or is he stretching out or getting too long does that make sense yeah I think that has a lot to do with you know the feed the feedback loop that that happens when you have someone standing on the ground saying okay now you know and then as you the longer you ride you know the longer you ride and the longer you don't need that feedback from your coach as much because you're starting to I think it's a a recognize a recognizing of the problems that of of your horse and you know before you have to be told you can start to fix these things or at least realize that that they're happening and so you are um learning to to ride you know better on your own and and get the horse going in the way that your coach is telling you how the horse should go you're starting to to pick up on these things and these signals uh earlier and and and starting to put your own Corrections on the horse and and I think you're just you know describing you know the learning process and you know getting some of these things implanted into your brain or or you start to recognize earlier and earlier and earlier and and and that's a great feeling and and obviously your coach is going to be able to just be quieter you know I always tell my students that your goal is to get me to shut up when I don't have to say anything anymore that's my riding well right that's great well it's just so exciting to have that like today I we were doing some work and I went around the corner and I thought to myself quick seat because that's what I that's my kind of my queue in my head for my half halt to kind of collect him up and half halt him and I didn't think it in my mind two seconds later to reset it so like yes you got it you know it was really and it was just it's so much fun because I can do so much more now that I'm recognizing those things and it just I don't know it's just really exciting I have I get off every lesson I'm like oh that was so much fun that was so much fun but I think it's also recognizing you're also strong enough right so your position is is actually quite good we were talking about that today you know your position is strong you've worked really hard in the last six months nine months on your position so a lot of times there's not a lot of Correction on the position and then you're able to understand like everything that you've been we I haven't stopped telling you what we've been doing but you're now able to understand like you feel it you understand it and then you can just ride through it so it's so much easier for you as you do that and that's been that's been quite fun to watch you're also a very hard worker so and you think about your lessons and you D di your lessons and you ride your lessons and then you ride your horse and so all those things fall into place so you can not only is it a mental game but it's also a physical you feel it you can make Corrections and it's it's really really really fantastic and and that's why I think in the last maybe month we've just made huge huge leaps because now it's pretty easy for you to do those things versus having to think about it how to move your leg how to do you know Etc there's not as much thinking and more feeling and I think that's also what you're talking about with sort of the the feel factor and I think something that Phil said is really key is you have to have that person on the ground because you need that feedback you know what do I look like what am I doing now you know the other day reys you said oh well he just really got long on you as we were going we were we were trying to do a lengthening or something I don't know but and and I was like oh is that what that was that's what that was because I felt that before but I wasn't exactly sure what was going on underneath me so to have somebody on the ground to say what's happening right now that's what this is It's just huge so I mean I I know not everybody can afford to have a trainer there all the time but if you can have a friend or you know get even just a video camera or something get somebody to video you so you can see these things it's better in real time so if somebody can tell you that knows what they're doing tell you what you're doing it just makes so much difference because you can equate then you can you can equate this is what it feels like and that's what's happening when it feels like this so I just think that's yeah that's really important and that's the key just there the key to a good trainer and repetition right like repetition that's why we spend so much time practicing yeah right and repetition sometimes you're like wowa that's per you know I get it and and that's been really good yeah well it sounds great sounds like where it's like that's what you meant yeah I I think it's a little bit like climbing a mountain and you've sort of hit your you've got a plateau going I think this is in you know in my own training and in my students you sort of hit these plateaus and you feel like okay I'm finally here but I got a little preview for you before too long and you get too comfortable and feeling like you've got it you're going to have to step your game up again yep and you know I don't know what that means for you but you know for a lot of people it's you know going to the next level you know whe riding first level right now and some lengthenings and this and that or and then and then challenging yourself to go up to second level with some new movements and stuff like that but yeah normally we don't Plateau too long we we try not to get too happy with ourselves it's so funny Phil it's like it's like we're broken record I actually we we literally just had the same conversation and today actually we we did some test riding cuz we're getting ready actually we're getting fairly close to the Florida show season so which is funny because we're Karen trained over the summer and we' planned on showing in the winter so we're really training for Florida which is coming soon like the horses will leave in I don't know 20 days or something so we're getting ready to show actually so I said the same thing so in that sense I think it's really good when you're show getting ready to show to be very comfortable at the level that you're competing at but you need to be moving up and training at the next level and and that's exactly Phil what we've been working on isn't it Karen we're kind of working toward first first level now she she's got me doing some lateral work so it's kind of like you like you say Phil your back almost not to square one but your back going well I don't what is that enough I don't really know is that what you want I don't really know that is that right is that how I'm supposed because you got to learn all over again now oh how is this supposed to feel now I'm supposed to going frontwards and sideways it's so like what is happening but it's very true you know it's it's okay to stay and and enjoy but and and in our case we're getting ready to compete so that's important but it also then on on days we're training for the show that's one thing and then on the other days we're starting to work on some harder things and come out of the comfort zone a little so you're absolutely right fellow hit the nail on the head but I like that that's fun yeah yeah she likes that she's a she's a pusher one of those students to really push forward well Karen thank you so much for your time tonight and if our listeners have any questions about your journey and also about Kentucky Performance Products how do they find you online oh they can find us at kpp usa.com that's our website they on that website there's all our contact information so feel free to give us a call we also have a Facebook page that we're on all the time and you can private message me from Facebook and we'd be happy to hear you know from anybody anytime with any questions fantastic well thanks so much Karen and we look forward to telling everyone our journey next month well and everybody have a really happy Thanksgiving Thanksgiving know it's coming I can't wait I love Thanksgiving it's my favorite meal I just get stuffed me too me too we're looking forward to it thanks Karen okay thanks you guys have a good day we are gonna have a quick break from Bates satad and we're gonna come back with Wendy Murdoch from the Murdoch method to celebrate the holidays if you purchase a new bait saddle in November or December you can redeem a free set of bait Saddles competition luggage bait Saddles offer highly specialized saddles for every discipline engineered to bring out the best in you and your horse underneath the finest European leather you will feel the power of innovation for you the rider enjoy instantaneous Comfort optimal balance and seamless contact with your horse leaving you free to concentrate on your aids for your horse the care cushion system and the easy change fit solution ensure their Absolute Comfort and your peace of mind revolutionize your riding experience and fulfill your true potential by riding in a bait saddle conditions do apply visit bait saddles.com to find out more that's bait saddles.com [Music] well tonight we are so happy to have Wendy Murdoch from the Murdoch method she is currently in New Zealand Wendy I'm not sure I've interviewed anybody in New Zealand or who is traveling New Zealand welcome thanks yeah it's been a really awesome trip I've been traveling around for about six weeks now between Australia and New Zealand and meeting people that I haven't met before but meeting people that I gave lessons to 20 and 30 years ago so it's really been a great trip how cool is that well we were chatting just offline real quickly and I was actually in Minnesota shout out to the guys at northw Farm uh but one of the students was talking about the Murdoch method and he was actually using uh your Echo band and we haven't really talked about your other products other than the shoot method but you have some other products and you have lots of books and information on your website and five minute fixes to improve your writing so talk to us a little bit about some of the other things that you offer for the Murdoch method so you know my story kind of begins back in 1984 when a horse flipped over on me and punched my femur through the socket and kicked me between the legs when he got up and that was when I wanted to be an event Rider and I realized that I had to you know this like Universal message you got to do something else so my doctor didn't give me any Physical Therapy when I left the hospital and he didn't see Riders as athletes and so I basically it put me on this journey of how to rehab myself and be able to ride again and through that process I met Linda tellington Jones I found out about the Feldon Christ method I apprenticed with Sally Swift and as a scientist I kept studying anatomy and physics and mechanic and trying to understand you know how how do we use this body in gravity because that's the one thing we can't escape no matter what anybody tells you gravity is the law and and if we don't organize ourselves efficiently in gravity then we can't do efficiently the things we want to do like a dressage horse being able to go equally left and right or a show jumper being able to make a tight turn it's all a function of of being in alignment with gravity so you know that's really where the Murdoch method came from is just all of this exploration of mine my personal journey and then looking at science and seeing how it relates and then employing the Feldon Christ method which is technique for humans that helps us achieve our potential by learning new possibilities of movement so you know a lot of writers will tell me oh I'm really right-handed or I'm you know I struggle I always sit crooked well that's just because they lack information in terms of how to organize their body to be able to do what they want so what I do with the Murdoch method is I come in and use Feldon Christ and you know I have lots of little Rider helpers if you will on the website so that they can feel a new experience and find a new possibility and be able to organize themselves in a new way and of course that directly relates to the horse so I just I'm here in New Zealand and we I just finished a lesson with a lovely Dr horse he's 172 and the rider had struggles with him because he gets sticky and so we just I gave her what's called a balance rain which is neck strap that Linda tellington Jones designed and by using the balance rain and having to extend her arm it not only balances the horse because it starts to create a collar bone since a horse doesn't have a collar bone it helps give the horse a collar bone so he can reflex his neck over it but at the same time the rider has to give the hand forward because it has to travel up the neck and then I helped her find her hip joints which you know a lot of people actually don't know where their hip joints are um but I helped her find her hip joints and then the horse could start to come up in the withers lengthen the neck and and everybody's happier right so sure um it's yeah so that's kind of what the Murdoch method came out of is my my kind of horrific experience that I don't want anybody else to have to go through no for sure and so talk about you also when you kind of go on your website and you kind of are kind of leafing around you also have all these uh you have the red mini Tomatoes you have the blue mini what are those like I'm on here and I'm like what are those those look really cool smooth orange balls like you have tons of these but what are they help us out training AIDS yeah I call them training AIDS and so you could think of the balls as like sure foot for your butt right so it's an unstable surface and so you know we want to latch on to our habits and our and our our seat has really strong habits to the saddle and rightly so right but sometimes those habits aren't working for us and so by using Franklin balls and there's there's seven different Styles you put them under your seat bones and now you're on an unstable surface a lot like the pads are for the horses the shoot pads and so you can't just kind of go into your normal pattern you've got to figure out wow how do I balance on these things and the beauty of it is that it raises you a little bit opens the hip lengthens the thigh and lets your lower leg come back underneath you so it puts you in an even better alignment and so they're like you know I I have them for people because I can't get to everyone but just messing around with a pair of Franklin balls and your warm up where it opens your hip and and helps you come upright and freeze you up and that frees up the horses so I think of it as sure foot for your butt I love it that's so cool you also have the EAB bands what are those all about those are so sadly Saddles are made for the average Rider and I haven't met the average Rider you know we all have a slightly different body right longer thigh shorter thigh that sort of thing and so the Stirrup bar is often set to the saddle where the stirrup where the um point of the tree is but there's a lot of riders that need the sturrup to be further back because they don't have the length of thigh to meet that so with the EAB bands they go you always have to make sure the horse is okay with it and I go through that process on my website and explain it because if one side comes undone you have a 9ine foot snake chasing your horse so it's really important for safety to you know make sure you're you know you can put it on the saddle before you put it on the horse or put it on the saddle with it on the horse if he's quiet but basically it's going from the inside branch of one sturup around the canel to the inside branch of the other sturup and that does a number of things it stabilizes the sturup because we've created a v rigging so now instead of having a sturup that's acting like a pendulum which is unpredictable like if you put the weight on the sturup not quite exactly right it's going to swing forward and as soon as it swings forward you're going to put your head over your foot and now you're leaning forward and then everybody Ys at you just sit up straight right so by creating a v- rigging with the equa band it brings the sturup back I can position that sturup so that their ankle is underneath the hip stabilize the sturup so it's predictable it's not going to swing if you make a mistake or if it does swing it's going to come back and that helps the rider find a more rhythmic especially Rising Trot more rhythmic Rising Trot where the hip can open as they rise because the minute that foot gets a little pushed forward and the hip closes the seat goes back the head goes forward now we're on the forehand and we put the horse on the forehand so it's just you know something out of necessity that I created because I was actually started with western saddles because a lot of saddles have the Stirrup bar set to forward for the rider and so they're constantly if you hold your leg back to get it underneath you you've created tension and that tension is going to restrict your hip and what we really want to do is have a really free greasy hip joint so that the horse can have a really free hip joint and I tell my riders that you can take away the bridal but if you are sitting on your horse this the freedom of your hip joint is what determines the quality of the contact and so if you're a little restricted in your hips that's going to affect your contact and restrict your horse and so anything we can do to help the rider be in a better balance so that the hip joint can be really free and fluid that's going to change the overall quality of the contact to the horse yeah that makes total sense for sure this yeah I mean always something interesting whenever we talk Wendy I know you're like wow kind of I was going to ask you a question about you know yourself as an innovator because we can you know we we talked to you about all these products and the share foot pads are you constantly tinkering with ideas or is it more that you get struck you know in the middle of the night with these Innovations or with a different ways to looking at these problems it's a little bit of both so you know like with surefoot that was kind of like this 15 second Earth changing moment when I stuck a pad under a horse's foot but then I start tinkering with where else can I use that and what if I put Riders on it and I have to say that in the hour is where I got a lot of inspiration I think it's the water coming down on my head but you know it's it's I'm I'm just always looking for some way to help my Riders be in a better position feel at greater ease you know I I actually have an online course called the effortless Rider which has lots of unmounted exercises and mounted exercises to help them because you know what we want to do is ride in ease with our horse and have that really fabulous Harmony and so often what I find with my students is that they've been told what to do but not shown what to do so they're they're trying to take words and figure out in images and figure out well H how does that apply but what they don't realize is the unconscious habits that they have and so like with the EAB Bands then with the Franklin balls and with some of the the the balance rain when we create a constraint meaning a a fixed point now we have to learn a new way of moving around that fixed point and my illustration is you know somebody set a chair in the middle of the room I could walk anywhere in the room and I would still be walking around the chair but the minute I put my hand on the chair I have to use my hips in a completely different way to move around the chair so by creating a constraint whether that's a balance rain a neck strap uh you know an equa band or a Franklin ball it creates a a different environment a constraint that we now have to start figuring out well how do I move in relation to this constraint and that creates new possibilities of movement and that's very much how the the Feldon Christ method functions is that oftentimes it's the floor as a constraint and you're doing a lesson and you have to maintain a foot on the floor or a hand on the floor and then figure out how to organize the whole rest of your body around that point but that brings in new possibilities of movement and new awareness and and so that instead of just doing our habit over and over again we start going wow there's this other way and by the way it's easier and so you know it's our nervous system and the hores nervous system is designed to seek ease we just need the opportunity to have an experience that shows us Ah that's that's another idea that's easier than the one I'm doing and that one is get you know has a better response and so that's where I want to go but if you don't have choice you can't pick and so often writers don't have choice because they're they're trying to please the teacher or they're trying to please someone that tells them this is how it done and we're not given the opportunity to explore and and I'm not saying you know like get on a young horse and see what happens I'm saying within parameters within constraints on on a safe horse you know start to see well what happens if I move my pelvis in a circle or what happens if I explore a Feldon Christ lesson called the pelvic clock and then allowing the horse to be our biof feedback because as Riders we are the luckiest people in the world because we're sitting on the biggest biof feedback unit on the planet and it's immediate it's direct it's it's always you know right there for us and so we get to sit on the horse and go well what happens if I give my inside hand a little bit oh he put his neck down wow that's cool and look he took a breath or wow his back came up and so when we start to have a dialogue of exploration instead of simply trying to do it like right you know because writing is coming out of the military right so you know that influence of this is the right way but when we start to give our El a with latitude to do safe exploration we H we not only have Discovery but we have curiosity and we have ownership and so now instead of me relying on my teacher to tell me when it's right and wrong I have an experience that I can feel that this horse goes better when I do this and this horse goes better when I do this other thing and now we have ownership and responsibility and creativity and that's really what I'm trying to get across to my writers is that you know it's it's this dialogue where we feel free enough to go well let me see what happens like they told me it's this okay fine I'll understand that but if I make this little change and I just you know like free up my hip or bring my lower leg back or not Jam particularly not Jam my heel down so hard wow my horse's back comes up or W my horse you know took a big breath good things happen right yeah good things happen exactly there's there's nothing nothing more honest than a horse's response especially if you have maybe a little bit more trained horse and you're trying to instead of teach the horse as the same time as learn but you have a more experienced horse that has some some better knowledge then then uh you can have more expectation that the the good things are going to happen when when you experiment and and practice in different ways and that's how you can learn what's what's right and wrong um as as well as having feedback from somebody watching from the ground yes yeah we need guidance we need direction and we need that moment like the more I work with people and and horses the more I realize we need a little moment to process information and if we don't have that moment we're driven into our habitual patterns which are not necessarily the ones we're wanting to use and when we can just pause for a moment take a breath and then refresh it you know the horses the people everybody it's like oh I can look at this again and I can you know explore instead of getting just kind of stuck in that that freezy place that little shutdown place because people do it all the time too yeah yeah well Wendy I know you're just wrapping up your big Australia New Zealand trip what's uh what's next for you so um I'm heading out of here I'm heading home on the 25th and oh by the way on my store for the United States we're doing free shipping for the week from the 25th till cyber Tuesday I think it is so there's free shipping on on everything on the store in the United States and then I get home and I turn around and I go to the uh AAE meeting the American Association of ecoin practitioners and I'm going to have a booth there with shoot and we're really excited about it because there's a lot of veterinarians that are now incorporating shoot in their therapies for horses especially Dr Melissa King at Colorado State University so we're looking forward to meeting her we haven't we haven't met her in person yet and that's going to be really exciting that is so cool so Wendy how can our listeners find your website and find you online if they want to learn all about the products um so it's Murdoch method.com that's M do o c method.com and I'm on Facebook Murdoch method I have a YouTube channel which like I have the demonstration of how to use the Franklin balls on my YouTube channel that's Murdoch method and on the website there's a shop and there's lots of the Murdoch minutes are there and that's all free you know quick tips to help you improve your writing there's that on there and there's you know a lot of great stuff so is that the the Facebook the the fans of surefoot method so so that's for people who want more information about surefoot is fans of surefoot but I have the Murdoch method Facebook page which is more with the rioting and and that kind of thing so it incorporates more so they can join all of it you know great absolutely well thank you and you have a wonderful safe trip home and a very Happy Thanksgiving you too it's great talking to you well Phil and I always talk about the total saddle stability starup leathers and how much we love them we do use them on our saddles on our horses and we love them and we're really excited because during our hour on radiothon listeners can win them right Glenn yeah so if you want to register the win there's only one way you can do it now and that's to call us that day so if you go to Holiday ron.com it'll have the phone number we're going to have 12 phone lines open all day long the sooner you call in the day call at 9:00 and then you'll be registered to win all the Rises all day long you can come on the air and chat with us if you want chat with Reese and philli if you want if you call in in the 11:00 hour or you can just register and we won't make you talk to Ree and Phillip so I want to talk talk to though yeah it'd be fun if they did you can wish him a have you don't have to say I mean you don't have to have an agenda just come on and wish him a Merry Christmas and just we're simple we're really simple to talk to we we have a good time or you can answer the question and it's what's the uh what's the naughtiest or funniest thing your horse has ever done and we've gotten some very interesting ones so I've got some these yeah I've got some saved you guys have to pick one you probably have thousand so it's like a daily thing actually you know daily you just have to laugh at what's going on and but I have some good ones for sure well I love it well fantastic well we have a great total saddle fit tip of the week and if you have any questions about total saddle fit they have a great website total saddle.com and we have a great total saddle fit tip of the week from Brian is wiing and we hope you enjoy this week's TR training tip is brought to you by total saddle fit home of the shoulder relief G at total saddle fit.com well this evening for our tip of the week we have briano wiing of Epic equestrian she's the head trainer in St Louis Missouri welcome back to the show Brianna thank you well tell us you have a great tip for us this week what do you have my trainer tip is I have to tell my students ride what you want not what you have so our goal in training is to really help the horse understand our AIDS right and I think it's our responsibility as Riders to deliver those AIDS in a clear respectful way if I think about an example of you know if your horse is behind your leg or crooked really easy to get distracted and kind of fall into what the horse is doing so I kind of go through a mental checklist in my mind and I always first think about I check in with my position and think about am my balance am I engaging in my core really evenly through my entire body am I riding in a good uphow balance so then with our position Rel is steady we can deliver those AIDS in a clear and positive way to encourage our forces to come up into a soft connection and balance themselves no and I think that that's such a good way to think about that because you know I comes to mind last night I was teaching some lessons it was very cold here a lot of the horses had had time off because we had had very cold and snow and so you know a lot of the writers were frustrated and and that's kind of what I said you know you you need to not kind of ride with the horse is giving you like don't kind of stoop to that level like come on ask them what you want want and really get it and and think about for example one of the My Writers was having trouble with a caner transition she was getting a little frustrated and I said well hey stop stop for a second let's take a deep breath and and think about this is something you can do so what is happening in this kind of transition she happened it the horse was getting tighten her back she was getting tighten her back and it was a general General situation and I said come on really let's think about this let's think about what's happening take a deep breath and she did and things got so much better and I think that kind of just shows uh sometimes just to take a little bit of step back and think about what you want not what you have is is a great way to kind of position yourself what do you think Phil yeah I think it's uh first of all really having a Clear Vision of of of the idea of what you want right because if you're muddling around in your own brain it's sort of like very confusing for the horse of course but also you're kind of confusing yourself because you're not providing yourself with a clear preparation and a clear picture of what do I want to feel in the next transition you know and then execute that and have have a a clear expectation of what what that what's going to happen and if it doesn't okay you need to make a correction you need to do this or do that but I think a lot of times writers are are sort of I always say that they're you know don't hope and pray for for anything to happen Focus Envision the perfect transition or you know the the perfect leg yield and then execute that and if there's problems you can you can sort of develop an idea about why there's problems you know evaluate your seat evaluate your horse's balance evaluate the tempo the Rhythm you know a million different things that we talk about but if you don't have a clear idea of what what you want to have happen or what you think the perfect thing to H to happen in that moment is it certainly won't because you can't achieve what you don't Envision for yourself and for your horse whether it's your own position or you know what whatever you're working on in moment so I think that's where you know Riders struggle is they they uh you put on the AIDS and and you know you don't know what to expect if you don't if you don't think about it first exactly fantastic well I love that idea Brianna thank you so much for coming on the show how can our listeners find you online if they are in the St Louis area or want even more tips I have a website b drage or they can find me on Facebook under my name or with epic equestrian fantastic well we forward to having you back on the show thank you well as always we love email and Facebook shoutouts keep them coming call us on radio thaon and just in general drop us a line about anything we love it and you can find our show notes and links to today's guests on our website Dr radio.com like us on Facebook just search Dr radio show follow us on Twitter ators radio my website is Maple Crest farm ky.com and my email is Reese horsr network.com I think the best way to get a in touch with me is through Facebook or my email is Philip horsr network.com I'd like to thank our sponsors this week and don't forget to check out all the other shows on the horse R Network at horer network.com keep your heels down your shoulders back and have a fantastic Thanksgiving uh we hope you guys have a great one and we look forward to talking with you soon holiday ron.com Monday December 2nd 11: a.m. a

- Successful Equestrian Sponsorships - Both Sides of the Story: Kind: captions Language: en so Lindsay from the sponsor point of view what are they looking for typically um I think it's a combination of what they're looking for and also what it important to know what to turn off when um uh Riders are alsooo or events indeed are approaching um potential companies to get sponsored uh so it's important to know because a lot there's a lot of misconception and people think that it's only top Geer Riders who get sponsored and that's obviously not true um indeed these days there's actually more and more companies and brands that are looking for the middle tier Rider um because that's actually where they find they get the most value for money and also can have some of the best relationships as well uh that being said you're going to get your top tiar Riders your Olympians are obviously always going to be sponsored by um various uh companies both in the indrian world and outside of it but it is important to know you know that that you still have a chance at being a sponsor sponsored Rider even if you're not that top of the top of the tree um the f one of the very first things a company is going to do is Google you I hate to say that but it's very true uh they're going to Google you they're going to look at your website and see how professional within your website is they're going to look at your social media you know um it's not just about the number of followers it's about how active that Rider actually is on their social media channels and it's about professionalism on those social social media channels as well so certainly in a rate photos um not good from a potential sponsor standpoint you'd be amazed but we've actually seen that in the past um and if you go on there it might have been great that you won a competition and your hair down but if you let your hair down a little bit too much that's probably not something to put on your social media um so that's something to bear in mind as well um when submitting an application whether it's an event or Rider to a company cannot stress enough spell bad spelling and grammar a instant turnoff Le is probably not going to even get to the second stage uh so that that sounds obvious but again you'd be a mamy lers come in where the grammar and spelling is absolutely terrible um never ever ever submit applications via social media and certainly do not beg via social media um that's that's a big no no and a turn off um the one worst example I think we we've I ever had in the past with my former company that I work for is somebody B basically wrote uh I hear you're looking for sponsored Riders I I deserve to be one via Facebook and obviously that didn't go very far so really think about these things some of them sound so obvious that you'd be amazed having people get this wrong um very often I would say 90% of the time that Rider has to have had some experience with the product or the brand um of that company if they want to be promoted by them it goes an awfully long way um if that right either has done some some promotion without having to be endorsed or sponsored by the company prior to approaching a company for sponsorship that gets you amazing brownie points um so whether that's they mentioned it on their social media channels or they wrote a little testimonial about this uh about the product or company and put it on that company's Facebook page um that goes an awful long way that being said there are exceptions and this is usually at the higher SE levels of sponsored Riders where a company they decide that they ultimately want to sponsor a rider who doesn't necessarily already use the product um in those cases it's typical for example if it was a supplement to do a 60 or 90day trial so that the rider would have um full experience and knowledge of that product and genuinely have seen it work and and um used it prior to being sponsored and indeed again there's examples where um you know Riders have come and said I want to be endorsed or sponsored by your brand and a company has said here's the product go try it and don't come back to us and talk to us until you have so that's something to bear in mind as well um thinking about what companies actually expect from sponsored Riders uh I don't know any company these days that pretty much doesn't have a contract um so you probably are going to be expected to sign a contract whether that's for an event or a sponsored Rider there's going to be something on paper there's going to be expectations from both sides that has to be met um it isn't set in stone though so that being said if there's something in there a ride or an event is not happy with these things are always always negotiable um many events for example will come to companies wanting sponsorship seeking sponsorship and they'll say here's what we offer you if you give us $110,000 and the first thing the company will do is say well I like X Y and Z on that but I Don't Like A and B so I want those changing so there has to be flexibility on both ends I think that's very important to understand um again this sounds incredibly obvious but you'd be amazed how many times uh that this is an area where Riders perhaps don't consider um if a Rider's using a competing brand or product you don't probably stand any chance of getting sponsored by a company if you approach them and you're using a supplement that does exactly the same thing for example as that company sells um so be aware of that because even if a company sells multiple supplements but they happen to sell for example a joint supplement and you're already sponsored by a joint company sponsorship is probably not going to happen so do bear that in mind a big no no as well and and again even at the top levels Riders can get this wrong is that if you've got a written contract with a company that's been signed and then you go out and somebody offers you $33,000 to promote their product and you think hey great that's an IDE nice amount of cash uh you know which is which is wonderful for the Riders they can always use that additional income um that's that's that initial sponsor is probably going to drop you very very quickly and that even has happened with Olympians so um so that's a big uh area to be careful about um on the on the good side the positive sides um think about always having a point person to be that person to be those sponsored Riders point of contact they're going to need to call in they're going to want product uh they're going to want somebody to call and obtain product when they've went out uh they're going to want logo where they're going to have questions about when they're going to clinics or events as to how they can get the company or brand or products involved um and it's not appropriate just to give them the number for the orderline and say when you run out a product please call and that has happened and it just does not create a good impression it does not make that sponsored Rider feel important um if it's an a event then certainly that the the person that's in charge of that event should be liasing with the marketing manager at the um company um who is sponsoring the event um and probably working with a field salesperson in their territory as well that that's ultimately uh going to have the responsibility of attending that that event so relationships absolutely key um and and the person that is assigned to those sponsored writers or assigned to work with the cont ta at an event should be following either that Rider's progress or the buildups of the event um should be using every opportunity to um promote the event or promote the sponsored Riders and making sure that it's a two-way street um and just building and maintaining that relationship and I can't overemphasize enough the value of positive relationships I really can't because it goes Way Beyond um literally just giving a ride product or giving them um you know clothing to wear it's so so important to have a great relationship with sponsored Riders because ultimately when you do need a favor and the chips are down they will do it for you if if you have that great relationship with them um so uh on a final note as well um looking at kind of both the the the the ways not to do it and also the things to consider when when seeking sponsorship if there's ever a case where uh you know it just doesn't work out and and that is life sometimes things don't work out between a sponsored Rider and a product and maybe they just decide that products not for them or they decide that they really do prefer a different random subtle pad um so they are going to seek sponsorship elsewhere and this this applies to both sides always always part on good terms because the equestrian world is very small at the end of the day in that sense and it's very very important to leave on good terms so um you know always break up so to speak Amic amicably if that ever should need to happen okay great so one of the things that a writer

- Q&A #2 | How I got my Sponsors!! Tips on starting YouTube | Ride Every Stride: Kind: captions Language: en would you be the preacher would you be [Music] my I still got a lot of to learn I ADM it hi guys it's me Julia and welcome back to a new video today I'm doing another Q&A and this is my part two so same thing again I made a post where you guys could ask me a few questions about me and Luna and I'll be going through your questions right now and just answering them for you guys cuz I think this is super fun to do I I love talking and answering your questions oh my God there's so many questions it's insane like there's no way I'm going to get through all of them um let's start since when have you been writing I was doing like Pony cams summer camps and those kind of things in Germany when I was like 6 or 7 years old but I don't really count that because I wasn't taking proper lessons I started taking proper lessons in 6th grade when I moved here to the UAE so that was around 6 years ago so I think if you want to like have a number I would say I've been writing for 6 years do you learn Arabic yeah I do learn Arabic I've been learning Arabic for 10 years because I live here in the UAE but I just dropped it last year because I'm in my last year of school now and I don't need to take care of it anymore but I do know my Basics how do you have so many sponsors that's another question that a lot of people ask me I'm very grateful to have all my sponsors and support supporters and partners who send me products I feel like if you're really desperate to get sponsors you're not really going to get any usually I just wait for them to contact me most of my sponsors have contacted me and then asked me if I want to try some of their products but I'm not going to lie I have also contacted some Brands myself asking if they are willing to do product reviews and some of them have accepted and I think a big part of getting sponsors is having big Instagram accounts account I don't want to say it's all about the followers but having a bigger Instagram account that has a lot of people who it will reach will definitely help so I definitely recommend building up your Instagram account first I'd say if you have below 10,000 followers I would try to get up there first and post a lot of content high quality stuff engage with your audience and that I think once you build up your account then I would um try harder on getting sponsors but yeah as I said it's not all about followers obviously what's the highest you've jumped with Luna uh I think it's at would have been like 130 135 I'm not sure how high that is in feet I think like that's like 4' 5 maybe I'm not sure but yeah around 135 why don't you live in Germany um a lot of people ask me why I live here in the UAE um I was born in Germany and I live there for for 8 years before I moved out here to the UAE it's just um because my dad's job my dad works as a construction engineer so he got a really good job offering in the UAE so yeah that's why I moved out here do you get nervous before entering the show arena yeah I do oh my God I know I haven't showed in a while but last year I used to show Almost weekly and my show nerves never seemed to go away oh my God I used to be so nervous while walking the course was all right but then warming up I was freaking out and oh my God I forgot the course so many times just because I was so nervous which is quite annoying because I've had a lot of like nice rounds but then I forgot the cour halfway through and then obviously I would have like four faults so yeah my nerves did kill me quite a lot last year do you ride on your period and how does it feel um I do I mean I have a horse and I can't like not ride for a whole week just when I'm on my period will you ever buy another horse in the UAE along with Luna definitely not in the U if I buy a new horse um I would buy it in Germany um when I'm there over summer or spring break and then take it from Germany to the university I'm going to because there's not really a point buying a horse over here it's already very expensive and then having to pay for the flight just not really worth it so if I were to buy a new horse then that will be in Germany can you do a full Luna update yes I will for sure I'm going to film another video soon where I talk about Luna's injury and do a full update in like our process video kind of thing how is Luna's clicker training going oh it's actually going really well I still try to do it almost every day just like 5 minutes and she's really picking up on it like she really knows what the sound means now and I'm trying to teach you how to smile using my clicker and this is inspired by Jed Theory I love watching her videos and I think if you guys want to start clicker training or positive reinforcement you should definitely check out her Channel how much do you feed your horse a day um Luna gets hay three times a day and she also gets um food three times a day so at 6:00 a.m. at 12: a.m. and then again at like 8:00 p.m. so yeah three times a day can you tell me how to improve my jumping position um I'm not a trainer and I haven't jumped in like a year so you probably shouldn't be taking jumping tips from me one thing I can say sometimes worrying about jumping position too much just makes it worse just make sure all your weight is in your heels and then it should just come naturally how do you get businesses to realize you without being needy oh this is another question about getting sponsorships like obviously you don't want to just message the business and be like hey you want to sponsor me my first ever sponsor was actually asked like diamond a question and they contacted me and what happened was that I purchased um breaches and base layers from them and then one day me and my friend decided to do a photo shoot I put on my a diamond outfit had a nice photo shoot with no intention on getting a sponsorship from them just took photos for my Instagram account when I posted the photos I tagged them in them and then as like diamond noticed me they liked the photos I posted of their wear and then a few weeks after that they actually contacted me saying hey do you want to work together with us do you want to try out products and then so on so on so on and now they send me stuff almost every month so it's I wouldn't actually go contact the brand I would just purchase their stuff take some nice photos and wait until they realize you that's just what I would do I wouldn't try to be needy and contact every freaking friend you know CU that usually doesn't work out how long have you had Luna for I've had Luna for 2 and 1/2 years I bought her November 2016 what's your main goal in the equestrian world and for job um I think for the equ question World um I definitely want to um get out there and compete again I want to jump higher show jumping is a big passion of mine and this whole year and Luna's injury has been such a step back for me and my writing as well which is quite sad because we were working so hard before and we were really improving so it's just been been quite of a setback for us so a goal is definitely to get back competing I really want to start competing at 12s um me and Luna were competing last year at like 110 115 and I really want to move up and I hope that's going to be possible next year when I move to University but yeah we'll see so that's the goal for sure goal for a job would just be I definitely want to work with horses and I think I really want to get into to Rehabilitation and physiotherapy for horses work at like a big eoin clinic and not necessarily as a vet because my grades are not good enough for that but just um alongside vet nursing something like that and then I would also I would want to get my training license and maybe train on the sides and I mean there's so many things you can do with horses why did you change your riding school so some of you guys might know I used to go to a different barn and me and Luna recently moved barns in November so like 5 months ago and that is just because mainly the stapo that I'm at right now is a lot closer to where I live so I I take taxis to the barn so I definitely save a lot of Taxi money because it's like 1 minute away so the main reason is just because a lot closer and I can literally walk from school to the stable while um in my old barn it was like a 20 25 minute drive every day and yeah taxi fuse were like three times the amount is Luna your Forever horse I don't want to say forever horse just because um things can happen like you never know what's going to happen to you to me I might get injured or like my dad might lose his job like I don't want to say forever horse because you can't really decide that sometimes but I definitely would call her my hard horse she is like the horse like for me she's my best friend she's my soulmate I love her with all my heart heart and she is and she will always be my heart horse what bits do you use on Luna so I currently use a happy mouth Bal bit I'm going to insert a photo up here so it's plastic and it's like broken twice in the middle so it's not really it's not harsh at all I have it on a normal snaffle and Luna is going really well in it um she is strong sometimes but I feel like she goes better in softer bits because she'll just fight a strong bit so yeah that's the one I've been using and I'm really happy with it how tall are you okay a lot of people ask me how tall I am just because I always look really short next to Luna I'm actually not that short I just got measured in school actually and I am 163 cm tall and I hope I'm still going to grow because my dad's like 1 M 90 you play Star Stable oh my God Star Stable is my childhood I love Star Stable don't play it anymore I played until Level 18 and then I stopped playing it Star Stable is such an amazing game I recommend it if if you don't have a horse I used to play it just because it made it made me feel like I had a horse cuz it's such a like a virtual horse game like buy for horses and jump and compete and like the like world looks amazing like the graphics are really good so if you don't have a horse and want to feel like you own a few play St stable what is Luna's show name Luna's show name and passport name is Deja um excuse me my French is not great but yeah this is how you spell it de what's your dream um my future future dream is having my own stable breeding horses training selling horses my like big big dream which is probably going to be like impossible to achieve is to own my own like rehabilitation center for horses um yeah or like my own horse clinic or something like that what are your fears uh not making a lot of money like honestly when I like having working in the horse industry doesn't always give you a lot of money security so I definitely have a big big fear of just not making a lot of money and not being able to finance um horses and that kind of stuff and competing but yeah I think doing what you love is more important than doing what's going to assure you to have a little of money so that's why I definitely want to work with horses favorite breed my favorite breed has always been hanovarian like Luna's breed I mean even before I had Luna they've always been my favorite breed I love hanovarian but I mean I also like kwpn so Dutch warm Bloods what's a what do you think is a reasonable price for show jumping warm blood um I think if you want a show jumper um I'm not saying gr PRI horse but like good horse for like 12s 130s I think anything between 15 and 20,000 is a good price but I mean I could be wrong I'm not really get with prices what laptop do you have I have a MacBook Pro how do you get started with your YouTube channel I mean I literally just started mine so mine isn't very like big yet but I think the way I started is I first created my profile photo and my like um clip art like YouTube thing my like channel art and I didn't like All That Jazz made it look pretty before I uploaded anything and once I figured that stuff out that's when I decided to make a video and I really recommend when starting a YouTube channel to just make everything seem kind of professionally made like like I think if you want to grow a channel and you want to like be successful with it try to do it as professional as you can and then just you know have fun with it be yourself and get started another thing that I think helps when starting a YouTube channel is promoting it every promote it on your Snapchat on your Instagram and keep promoting it so your friends and family find it first and you have like a little bit of a follow base before other people notice it so yeah I definitely recommend um advertising it a lot have you ever written Western yes I have actually in Germany I used to do all these trail rides over summer I learned how to tack up Western and ride Western and I used to do these like a 10hour trail rides and they're super fun I used to friends with Bella yes I am we are best friends um this person talking about Bella and B and yeah we're still friends and we're actually traveling together very soon sadly we're not the same stable anymore so we don't see each other as often but we still see each other at shows and hang out and yeah I'm super excited to travel with her soon what would you change about Luna um I wouldn't change anything about her except for undo her injury I mean if I could change something would love to um heal her somebody asked how it's like to live in the United Arab Emirates I like living here I pretty much grew up here I moved here when I was like 8 now I'm 17 it's very very safe there's almost zero crime rate and I feel very safe everywhere I go it's kind of like living in this big bubble away from reality to be honest sometimes everything's so like big and fancy and sparkly and gold and yeah the only thing I don't like is the weather I'm I mean it's insanely hot over in summer it's like 50° it's insane and like 90% humidity Summers here are horrible and another thing I don't like is everything's quite expensive over here if you compare to Europe like life over here is definitely not cheap so that was it for today's video this was Q&A number two um but I still have like 100 questions left that I didn't answer so who knows maybe I'll do a part three let me know if you guys enjoyed this video and if you have any other questions comment them down below so yeah thank you guys for watching and see you guys soon bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @equestrianlifestyle9871 [5 likes]: Please do a saddlepad collection xxx
  2. @VictoriaLouise [3 likes]: Love this 💕 I just found your channel! I also just uploaded a video all about My Experience Starting YouTube....Good VS Bad 📷 let me know what you think, I’d really appreciate it ☺️
  3. @happyslimes6335 [3 likes]: Early fam were you at!❤️👍🏼🤗
  4. @horsingaroundwithmadeline4465 [2 likes]: I started an equestrian yt channel about a year ago and have only gotten like 40 subs :( I have had an equestrian insta and only have like 100,,, I post daily on there and I post weekly on my yt channel. idk if I'll ever grow
  5. @jeskekorevaar3973 [2 likes]: My horse is also a Hanoverian 😊🌸
  6. @fannyfremuralovelace [1 likes]: I love your channel!!
PLEASE DO A TACK BOX TOUR!!!
  7. @xTheFlyingChangex [1 likes]: Which uni you going to?
  8. @dejanadokic7065 [1 likes]: YOU ANSWERED MY QUESTION!!😍😍♥️
  9. @horseridinghannah4608 [1 likes]: You always look so much more excited when talking about Luna 😂 I can tell you really love that horse.
  10. @Thatsonehorsegirl [1 likes]: Will you get anymore horses or a horse
  11. @am-hw2so [1 likes]: AHH EARLY MY FAV CHANNE IMEKSORIWJEN❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
  12. @roziamiller6728 [1 likes]: first!😍 love your videos🦄

- Three Tips for Straightness: Kind: captions Language: en When I'm going on a circle and you might be saying,&nbsp; well, you know I want to work on getting my horse&nbsp;&nbsp; straight so how do circles help? Circles and&nbsp; figure eights work on getting your horse supple,&nbsp;&nbsp; and getting your horse supple allows you to make&nbsp; your horse straight because suppleness is like&nbsp;&nbsp; flexibility. Suppleness comes at the bottom of&nbsp; the Training Scale, whereas straightness comes&nbsp;&nbsp; at the top of the Training Scale. [Music] Hello&nbsp; everyone, today's video is about how to straighten&nbsp;&nbsp; your crooked horse. All horses are crooked. We're&nbsp; all crooked. So in today's video, I'm going to give&nbsp;&nbsp; you three tips to help get yourself and your horse&nbsp; straighter. Today's video is proudly sponsored by&nbsp;&nbsp; Total Saddle Fit, and they have awesome girths, which&nbsp; I'm going to be talking about in a second. The&nbsp;&nbsp; first tip is when we talk about straightness and&nbsp; we notice that our horse is crooked, unfortunately,&nbsp;&nbsp; a lot lot of times that is because you the rider&nbsp; are crooked. I would say that, like, we account for&nbsp;&nbsp; about 70% of our horse's crookedness. So unfortunately, you have a big part in your horse's crookedness, and&nbsp;&nbsp; it's interesting if you ride a lot of horses&nbsp; how most of your horses end up having the same&nbsp;&nbsp; issues. So here's a little thing for you to try&nbsp; to test your straightness. What you're going to&nbsp;&nbsp; test is basically your diagonal aids. So we talk&nbsp; all the time about inside leg to outside rein, so just while you're watching this video, you&nbsp; can get up, and what I want you to do is I want&nbsp;&nbsp; you to balance on your left leg, don't run away&nbsp; Harvey, and then practice lifting your right hand&nbsp;&nbsp; out. So it's a coordination of can you balance&nbsp; on the left and then move your right, and then&nbsp;&nbsp; you're going to switch, and you're going to do the&nbsp; opposite. So you're going to balance on your right&nbsp;&nbsp; leg and move your left, and then notice which side&nbsp; is easier for you. So for for me, I feel way better&nbsp;&nbsp; standing on my right leg moving my left arm, which&nbsp; makes sense because when I ride my horses, I have a&nbsp;&nbsp; lot harder time getting them connected from left&nbsp; leg to right rein. So tip one is think about your&nbsp;&nbsp; own symmetry, straightness, balance, and then find&nbsp; ways that you can work on that when you're not&nbsp;&nbsp; on your horse. So like going to the gym, doing&nbsp; Pilates, um, doing balance exercises. All that&nbsp;&nbsp; is super important. Okay, my second tip before you&nbsp; even get on your horse is to make sure that your&nbsp;&nbsp; saddle is fitting properly and staying straight. So when you look at your saddle from the back,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's really important that this channel in the&nbsp; middle is right over your horse's spine because&nbsp;&nbsp; you don't want the pressure of these panels to&nbsp; be on your horse's spine, and since the saddle&nbsp;&nbsp; really is the, it's basically the sandwich&nbsp; between you and your horse, if your saddle is&nbsp;&nbsp; crooked, it's going to be impossible for you to&nbsp; get straight or for your horse to get straight.&nbsp;&nbsp; And here's what happens, is that every horse has&nbsp; a hollow side, and a stiff side, and so whichever&nbsp;&nbsp; is their stiff side, they push the saddle in the&nbsp; opposite direction. So Harvey, for example, his stiff&nbsp;&nbsp; side is his right side, so he always pushes the&nbsp; saddle to the left, and then the other thing that&nbsp;&nbsp; happens is when you get on, you pull the saddle to&nbsp; the left. So I'm going to get on, and I'm going to&nbsp;&nbsp; show you. It's super important that you make sure&nbsp; that your girth, hoah, make sure that your girth&nbsp;&nbsp; is tight. Because if your girth isn't tight when&nbsp; you get on, you're going to pull the saddle over&nbsp;&nbsp; to the side. And for me, I really like these Total&nbsp; Saddle Fit girths, especially for Harvey, because he&nbsp;&nbsp; tends to always push his saddle off to the left&nbsp; side, and so with with these girths, I can keep the&nbsp;&nbsp; saddle straight, and I don't have to tighten the&nbsp; girth quite as much. These girths also have a nice&nbsp;&nbsp; elastic piece that allows the girth to expand when&nbsp; he's breathing, which is really nice, because then&nbsp;&nbsp; I don't feel like I'm suffocating him. Okay, so&nbsp; I've just gotten on Harvey, and a lot of times,&nbsp;&nbsp; what happens when you get on is that because you&nbsp; get on from the left side, you actually pull the&nbsp;&nbsp; saddle off to the left when you get on your&nbsp; horse. So once I get on, normally what I do is&nbsp;&nbsp; I walk around for like 2 to 3 minutes, and then I&nbsp; tighten my girth again, and I like to tighten my&nbsp;&nbsp; girth on the right side, because since he pushes&nbsp; the saddle to the left, when I go over here to&nbsp;&nbsp; tighten the girth on my right side, it also forces&nbsp; me to put the weight down into my right stirrup.&nbsp;&nbsp; So basically, I'm like pulling the saddle to the&nbsp; right, and I'm also tightening the girth, and&nbsp;&nbsp; securing the girth on this right side, and it's&nbsp; really, really important, like, if your saddle is&nbsp;&nbsp; crooked, it's going to be impossible to get your&nbsp; horse straight. So if I have a student in a lesson,&nbsp;&nbsp; and I can see that they're crooked, the first thing&nbsp; that I always do is I have them come over and have&nbsp;&nbsp; them face towards me, I make sure that their&nbsp; stirrups are level, and that the saddle is straight.&nbsp;&nbsp; And so a lot of times, they'll have to actually,&nbsp; like, stand up out of the saddle, shift the saddle&nbsp;&nbsp; over to the side, then I make sure that the girth&nbsp; is tight enough before we start the lesson, and&nbsp;&nbsp; then as you go through your your ride you're&nbsp; going to have to keep checking your girth and&nbsp;&nbsp; checking that your saddle is straight, because if&nbsp; your saddle isn't straight, there's absolutely no&nbsp;&nbsp; way that you're going to get your horse straight,&nbsp; and you are going to be crooked as well. Okay so&nbsp;&nbsp; those are my first two tips, and then my third tip&nbsp; is that if you and your horse are really crooked&nbsp;&nbsp; and struggling with straightness, what I recommend&nbsp; doing is frequent changes of direction. Because the&nbsp;&nbsp; longer that you go in the same direction, the&nbsp; more and more crooked that you and your horse&nbsp;&nbsp; become. So what you're going to do is you're just&nbsp; going to ride to figure eight, and every time you&nbsp;&nbsp; come to the middle of the ring, you're going to&nbsp; change and you're going to go the opposite way.&nbsp;&nbsp; You can do this exercise at the walk, you can&nbsp; do it at the trot, you can do it at the canter.&nbsp;&nbsp; Um, but, even though you know you really want to&nbsp; work on that harder side, I highly recommend doing&nbsp;&nbsp; frequent changes of direction because it forces&nbsp; you and your horse to get even and straight in&nbsp;&nbsp; both directions. So every time I'm going to change&nbsp; direction, and when I'm going on a circle, and you&nbsp;&nbsp; might be saying well, you know, I want to work&nbsp; on getting my horse straight, so how do circles&nbsp;&nbsp; help? Circles and figure eights work on getting your&nbsp; horse supple, and getting your horse supple allows&nbsp;&nbsp; you to make your horse straight, because suppleness&nbsp; is like flexibility, and suppleness comes at the&nbsp;&nbsp; bottom of the Training Scale whereas straightness&nbsp; comes at the top of the Training Scale. So when you&nbsp;&nbsp; can get your horse evenly bending to the left and&nbsp; bending to the right, then believe it or not, your&nbsp;&nbsp; horse will be straight, and what I'm focusing on&nbsp; here as I'm riding my figure eight exercise, is that&nbsp;&nbsp; I can see his inside eyelash. So kind of the way&nbsp; I know that my horse is bending, is if I can see&nbsp;&nbsp; his inside eyelash, and then I also know if he's&nbsp; bending correctly if I'm able to ride accurate&nbsp;&nbsp; circles. So if I know that, like, my left circle and&nbsp; my right circle are perfectly round and the same&nbsp;&nbsp; size, what happens with most horses, so like Harvey&nbsp; here for example, he's a horse who is stiff to the&nbsp;&nbsp; right and hollow to the left, so if left to his own&nbsp; devices what Harvey does, is he wants to overbend&nbsp;&nbsp; to the the left ,and then he wants to drift out to&nbsp; the right like this. So you can see how here he's&nbsp;&nbsp; just kind of turning his head away to the left,&nbsp; but he's falling way out to the right, and my&nbsp;&nbsp; circle to the left is getting very, very big. Then&nbsp; what happens when I go to the right, is that he's&nbsp;&nbsp; counter bent and falling in. So again, this is the&nbsp; manifestation of crookedness on your circles, and&nbsp;&nbsp; that's why I think that working serpentines and&nbsp; working figure eights is a really good way to&nbsp;&nbsp; get your horse straight. So you can see here how&nbsp; he's again counter bent, and now he's falling in,&nbsp;&nbsp; and this right circle ends up a lot smaller than&nbsp; the left. So I hope these three tips have helped&nbsp;&nbsp; you. Do those exercises for your own straightness&nbsp; when you're off of your horse, make sure that your&nbsp;&nbsp; saddle is sitting in the middle of your horse, and&nbsp; that your girth is tight. If you have trouble with&nbsp;&nbsp; your saddle slipping to one side or the other, I&nbsp; highly recommend trying out one of these Total&nbsp;&nbsp; Saddle Fit girths because the ergonomic shape, at&nbsp; least for Harvey and some of my other horses,&nbsp;&nbsp; has really helped to keep the saddle straight&nbsp; without having to tighten the girth so much that you&nbsp;&nbsp; feel like your horse can't breathe, and the other&nbsp; reason that's important is that if your saddle&nbsp;&nbsp; sits crooked, it starts to change the flocking in&nbsp; your saddle. So if your saddle's sitting crooked,&nbsp;&nbsp; one side of flocking will compress more than&nbsp; the other, and you'll have to get your saddle&nbsp;&nbsp; re-flocked more frequently, and then my third&nbsp; tip of course, is to ride those serpentines and&nbsp;&nbsp; frequent changes of direction. So I hope you've&nbsp; liked this video. Check out the description box&nbsp;&nbsp; if you're interested in Total Saddle Fit girths,&nbsp; and we are also going to be doing a giveaway.&nbsp; I don't know the details yet, but I'm sure you&nbsp; can find those in the description box. And thanks&nbsp;&nbsp; for watching, don't forget to like and subscribe&nbsp; to our channel, and we'll see you next Wednesday.

  Top Comments:
  1. @AmeliaNewcombDressage [7 likes]: Don’t forget to check out our giveaway with Total Saddle Fit! https://www.totalsaddlefit.com/pages/amelia?sca_ref=5288998.MUsEBfS3o8
  2. @c_and_l [4 likes]: As a part 2 to this, would you consider doing a rider fitness video and giving specific exercises or stretches we could do to work on our straightness? That would be so helpful! I am deinitely crooked and hold more weight on my left side, and my right side gets very stiff.
  3. @debracarter7680 [2 likes]: Hello!! Another rush request on how to fit The custom Saddle dressage girth!! I currently have a 26-in girth that I bought at Dover in Moorpark California it's a normal dressage girth with fluff on the bottom size 26 What size would my horse need on the custom saddle fit English one that stretches Amelia could you answer that when you have time
  4. @joelbailey1595 [2 likes]: Thanks Amelia for the tips on straightness. Suppleness is the cake. Applying symmetry with the rein and leg aids is the frosting. Proper saddle fit and adjustment of the girth to avoid impingement of the shoulder critical.
  5. @jongoo-d4c [1 likes]: You can just buy a trained horse.
  6. @ryannorthbynorthwesthasmyheart [1 likes]: Hey I love your videos! One question, this horse when I lead this horse I ride when I stop he always tries to walk on I think he’s a bit impatient. Any tips?
  7. @ahnie771 [1 likes]: Excellent info.  👍🏻
  8. @spaziocasainterioare1656 [1 likes]: Looking forward, thank you😃😍❤
  9. @brucepeek3923: Circles and figure 8's work on getting your horse  to bend and engage their inside hind leg slightly towards their navel..  This is the old classical high school way of Classical European  Dressage Masters who used lateral aids to STRAIGHTEN  their horse..  The german nonsensical  so called training scale is a lost in the minutaei of mind numbing detail silliness that confuses  riders , horses and  and obviously trainers like you.. The real and true procedure  real and true horse trainers use  is to follow the 3 step dictum of keeping their horse CALM- whilst  making them straight, so that they can ride them forward. So to be clear to you  the rider/trainer should  follow the plan of keeping their horse CALM- then work on making them straight - so the rider can ride them forward. The figure 8's you mention  are the very same that Buck Brannaman has been teaching his students to do since he started teaching clinics in the early to mid 1980's.. The only difference is that he calls the figure 8's  ,' short serpentines.'..
credit the great masters of dressage who came along  decades before you did with the effective and humane training procedures of horses that  Joanie come latelys like you have stolen  from them
best 
Bruce Peek
  10. @fatmasmai2643: Thanks for this wonderful video
  11. @carinrobinson7602: As a body worker I’ve come across a fair few horses that have sustained damage to fascia from girths like these. The constant expanding and contracting causes constant pinching and pulling of the skin, muscles and fascia.
  12. @ahnie771: Excellent info.  👍🏻
  13. @nicolecoati9947: Thanks Amelia for this great video.
  14. @debracarter7680: Can someone provide the link on the correct girth for a Sarah Booth custom saddle I have a custom saddle by Sarah Booth and I need to know which girth we're supposed to purchase could you please provide the link when you have time

- Jumping: Breaking Down Hunters Vs Jumpers: Kind: captions Language: en let's talk about the difference between hunters and Jumpers in horseback riding so I was talking to my friend the other day and she was asking me about a show and she was asking if they had the jumpers there and I said no actually they only have the hunters and she was like what and I was like oh yeah that's right A lot of people don't know the difference I didn't know the difference until I started doing it and so then I was like oh my gosh there's so many different categories in horseback riding in the cow world in the Jumping World in the allaround world where we don't know what the other person is doing what the other categories are that there's categories within a category so I thought I would do this video to go over the Bare Bones basics of Hunters versus jumpers I'm not claiming to be an expert on this topic this is just based on my understanding of what I've learned as I have entered into the world but if you are a hunter or a jumper put your comments below curious to hear your thoughts as well so the jumpers is pretty basic it is speed based as well as fault-based so obviously you don't want to knock down the jumps and the goal is to go as fast as possible I'm not going to go into all of the different types of Jumper classes there are because there's some called Optimum time where you're actually trying to get as close to a time as possible but typically like what you're watching in the Olympics is the jumpers it's a Speed Sport it's a spectator sport it's really fun it's super cool to watch and that is what they are focused on you don't want to knock a rail or you get forall faults plus however many other faults if you keep knocking rails and you want the fastest time so that's what the jumpers looks like then you have the hunters there's also a course typically in the jumpers you might have like 10 to 15 I want to say it is jumps the hunters is a little bit less maybe more like 8 to 10 Again depends on the level as well but typically there are more jumps in the jumpers than there is in the hunters in a hunter course they are really focused on the horse horse getting the horse to the jump with the perfect amount of strides there's certain stride rules and if you miss the stride rules then you're going to get docked for that versus jumpers there's no stride rules so they're looking for how elegantly can you get the horse through the pattern does it look beautiful does it have nice Carriage does it look like a pleasure to ride how tucked the horse's knees are the look of the horse the expression of the horse all of that really matters in the hunters and the hunters is actually quite a challenging class because if you mess one thing up it's like really obvious you know immediately that your score is docked because maybe you didn't make it to the fence quite right so this is not based on speed you won't see the hunters in something like the Olympics it's typically not as big of a spectator sport because it's harder to understand but they are both really really challenging in their own right usually if you are learning from the ground up you will start with the hunters because it is slower and it also does teach you the basics which which honestly are quite hard sometimes people throw themselves into the jumpers I don't think that's the best thing because if you can't get the horse up to the fence in the right amount of strides the higher the jumps go the worse that becomes I kind of liken jumpers and Hunters to Marathon running and sprinting so jumpers I view as a Sprint if you were to train for it you it's quick urance quick and fast trying to go as fast as possible versus The Hunters is pacing yourself and trying to make sure that you make it through with no mistakes if you have shown in either of these please put your favorites in the comments below I'm a jumpers fan I think the hunters takes a ton of work personally if you were to ask me I think there's a bit more politics in it just because they are looking at what the horse looks like as opposed to just speed where I don't know you could pull a horse out of the kill pen somewhere and it could be the champion like maybe not 100% likely but it's possible I guess it could be possible honors too but I'll let you do the math so I am doing the jumpers currently although I think both of the events are really cool again in the sphere of jumping you have hunters you have jumpers typically they call jumpers show jumping which is what you see in the Olympics you do not see hunters in the Olympics and there's a bunch of different classes that fall beneath them like there's different jumpers classes depending on the height is usually how it goes so you'll have like lowl jumpers you'll have um usually they're in the meter so it'll be like 6 78.9 a meter and then a meter and up meter 10 m 20 Etc and they're they're typically like open classes so anyone can go in them but if you were a professional you're probably not going to be jumping in the' 60s that' be weird and then with Hunters they go up similarly but they're actually in feet I think because jumpers was originated in Europe and Hunters is like only American you will not find hunters in Europe so they'll go you know 2ft Hunters 2T 6 Hunters 2ot n Hunters 3ft Hunters 3ft 6 Hunters I hope this helps there's also a bunch of other classes like I said there's like Hunter hack which is like a few jumps which is more of like a quarter horse thing so I'm not going to go into all of that because this is supposed to be a very basic video but I hope that helps you understand the Jumping World how many different things fall within it and if you have any questions or comments put them below or if you know more than me which I'm sure some of you definitely do also put your two cents below if you like this video and you want to see more horse content please browse my channel And subscribe and I will see you next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @Horsegirl6767 [9 likes]: I do the hunters. The judging is very subjective, each judge will like a slightly different type of horse and some judges will judge harsher or easier. With striding, it is more about consistency than getting the real number. If every line in a course is 6, but a horse goes and gets everyone in a perfect 7, that is going to score higher than a horse that gets a really deep 6 and a really long 6. All of the classes are really confusing until you take some time to figure it out. All the different pony and junior hunter divisions get really confusing too
  2. @kristenmlondon [3 likes]: I love your videos!! Its so fun to learn all about western. 

Did jumpers until I was 25 and LOVED it. I did hunters when I started and hated it! I couldn't deal with the stress of being out of the ribbons for making one small error. Think it would be great if you could do a video on equitation as well. I think its the best class for young riders to start in 😊
  3. @erinlempkowski7969 [2 likes]: Dude! Look up Snowman, the $80 champion! The original kill pen horse that became a showjumping champ! The movie is Harry and Snowman. Or Snowman and Harry. LOL
  4. @swensonfamily4902 [1 likes]: Hi! I just wanted you to know I love your videos and they are SO inspiring to me as a young hunter. And  thank you so so much for what you do. Love your videos!! Danica is so pretty btw! ❤
  5. @Kera-b7l [1 likes]: I love your channel! And I do hunters and I love learning from your videos in the English world!
  6. @Tallulahrennie: I’m a hunter and in Europe!!!!!
  7. @toddavis8603: I am going to encourage my daughter to do HUNTER, after she did so well in WALK TROT at Tryon last year N.C.😅
  8. @fosteredbysunlight: What a shame they aren't in Europe commonly 😭
  9. @IzalieLopez: Jumper!!❤❤❤
  10. @jocelyn8940: 67th like
  11. @mollymccue6066: Jumpers
  12. @Avas_Always_Riding: Hey! I just wanted to get your opinion on this. So I’ve been riding for 8 years 5 of those at my current barn. I ride English and western there but we don’t do anything jumping wise. I’ve become very interested in hunter jumper and wanted to try that out. Bc I’m definitely not the type of person it want to run a horse at a jump and see how high and fast you can go. At my current barn I feel like i have hit a stopping point in my progress. Every week we have been doing to same thing and I don’t feel like I’m improving. So i talked to my trainer and we agreed that I should start taking more private lessons to focus more on what I need. But I’m 12 so I have to work around my family’s schedule and income bc private lessons are more than group lessons. So I haven’t been able to have a private lesson in a few weeks. And even when I was having private lessons on top of with a group I still feel like I’m doing the same things just on my own with my trainer. I’m also thinking about college and my future. When I’m an adult i want to be a barn manager or an equine nutritionist. And I’m also trying to grow my channel incase something doesn’t work out. And I know that I’m much more likely to get a scholarship if I’m going to big shows and putting myself out there. So I just need to know what you think about this bc non of my family or friends are horsey and might have had the same problem. Thank you so much for posting videos you are very inspiring to me and others! I’m so thankful to have someone like you to look up to!❤
  13. @rebeccarose7405: Can you do an explainer like this about Quarter Horse Hunter Under Saddle and other English classes offered?  Are they all on the flat, is there jumping in some?  I love watching hunters, but I don't understand the scoring very well.  The jumpers are super fun to watch!  Are there jumpers in the Quarter Horse show world?  I come from an eventing background, personally. ❤🐴

- DRESSAGE STALLION BECOMES HUNTER JUMPER FOR A DAY: Kind: captions Language: en someone now hey welcome to Matt's video Yeah have an elastic in my mouth welcome back we have an exciting little experiment today because I'm going to be taking my dressage stallion Etro and I'm going to be giving him a um Hunter jumper makeover it's already in the process some things have already happened but I thought for one day it would be fun to uh throw a jumping saddle on him go in our Arena at home and do some jumps here and see how he goes now I've done this already with Emporio I mean not really the hunter jumper thing but just trying to jump him didn't go well and really the prv breed which is a Spanish breed is not good at jumping at all they're very heavy sets they have like way too much going on with their legs but we're gonna be giving it a try anyway when I when I first bought Etro I thought straight away okay this is he looks like such a hunter jumper because he's got this he's got a really like heavy body get like a little bit of this body like a little bit of like a fat look um he's got a really small pretty hair he's a really pretty color Green Oh no oh no he's put all over his tail and I just washed it oh here he is my hunter jumper oh is it good on different locations it's pretty good okay so I actually tried to give him a wash and fully prep him okay good boy easy so look I've got like those like Hunter jumper you know how they section the hair oh you run all out I went online it was taking so long yeah and then I've got my hunter jumper boots that are from the US that I bought in Wellington have down there yes sir look okay see and then I mean I try I always have it when I met you in Australia everything was always some points I know it's changed a little now because I have like more horses so it's really difficult to like but Chase was always like this he was always like pristine we're very alert which I'm not sure how that's gonna go for the jumping um but I've got some of Chase's jumping stuff here which uh he's gonna be borrowing from his brother today so we're gonna put like the Five Point breastplate on uh I've got jumping saddle jumping Earth I hope he doesn't react to the jumping good because it's much wider and then I've got the jumping Bridle next minute video Rodeo I know so but we're gonna have to see how that goes but I think everything should fit because he's very round as well just like Chase's um so everything I think should uh should fit in fine and then we're gonna go into the arena and have a couple jumps and see how he goes we've already set up a little course down there so we're going to show you in a second but first things first I'm a realist we're gonna have to get him ready well and we'll definitely put some sheepskin under I think he's gonna need something oh he's got he's already looking like a like a hunter job tell me that doesn't look like a hunter jumper do you see it I've never seen one in real oh okay well I was over there they look like this and you guys know it's it's always a tragedy when I jump I hardly have like any clue what's going on so today we're gonna try and be as fair to him as possible um yes is going to be helping as well yes it was the show jumper but I was just telling him today when we were setting up the course he seems to from like 10 years of jumping he seems to have retained like zero knowledge which is quite concerning it's like you've erased that whole side of your life I don't do well with Theory I just do it on feeling no I get that but that becomes quite difficult when you've got to try and help me okay he's on I actually was quite scared that I feel like what I'm gonna get on him he's gonna really Round The Backs you know how they do that sometimes when they're not used to something so large underneath okay yeah so he looks good looks beautiful you look like someone who's looking to either make a website or run your website on a better platform then Squarespace is where you need to be equate space offers hundreds of already made templates where you can go in uh pick your favorite one still customize everything you want you don't need to have any coding knowledge it's super user friendly I run my shop on there I've been running my website on Squarespace for almost four years now I truly truly love the user experience it's so easy to use on the go as well you can make quick changes on your phone whether it's updating stock levels changing text or changing the photos as well if this sounds like what you're looking for then do use my link which is www.squarespace.com in doing so you'll receive 10 off your first purchase of a website or a domain okay I'm ready I think I'm gonna already get on here I just have to go a little bit more up he's bloody elasticated girths there's like no serves look pretty uneven really this one looks shorter right now maybe first get on and see I mean they're both on five so it's just that the stirrups are so short now here's his leg up no no it's fine I can do it like this no oh I always think show jumping gear is so much more comfortable it feels so strange it looks very good I think this girth is like quite loose luckily we're not jumping 150 or something oh boy yes all right this is so weird also like because of the main and stuff right let's walk him down there's no bucking yet that's no the back is not too round but I think he's busy like thinking of other stuff good boy he's very um energetic good we need that so we will definitely have some power I think the course you can uh give credit to yes sir because he's the one that kind of like set them out and stuff I love how he's already spooking at the spring class so that's that's gonna be something compared to like the jumps good boy well you have done some polls with him now yeah I've done like some Tropicals already with him and in the beginning it was a little bit of like a scary situation but then he got over it like it just took him a couple of goes and then he realized so maybe I just like warm him up and start riding him between everything and then these couple ladies that we have can be turned up so that they're a little bit higher but I'm gonna start with them just flat as uh poles and I think I'm gonna do um we're gonna put all the jumps down and have those also Just Dance posts so when I'm warming up I'm just gonna kind of Trot over them cancer over them and I'm just gonna include them in my warm-up rather than make them like a thing and what is the thing about the hunter that's different than jumping what you want to focus on no okay I'm not I'm not actually gonna try and jump like a hunter I can't even jump like a normal jumping person so I think I think it's more like we have the look of the hunters and I mean we're the hunters it's all about like how like uh pretty and peaceful it looks you get judged depending on the classes like equitation classes but at least what I wanted to do was like a nice turnout which I think we have I haven't plaited the tail but or like put a false Tail in but that's for another day that would be so fun if we had if we if we had Hunter classes here in Europe I would absolutely do it like it just looks like soap it's fun if they have them in the Netherlands actually no I don't think so maybe like a couple of unofficial shows that do like small things but there's nothing official over here for it I'm gonna give them just like a couple minutes more of walk just walking in between everything then I'm gonna walk over a couple of poles and then we'll get trotting and cannering can ring and let's just walk over them already online why don't you just start with the one huh you start with the one instead of the two no but sometimes that's what I at least with my horses I'm never like okay let's it's just easier to like put them in front of something and say okay do it just figure it out because the more you make one like a problem or something then it's it becomes an issue for no reason good boy okay it could be a little bit more careful well that's the first play I ever did with some space off the ground huh that's the first pool you did that wasn't touching the ground oh my goodness first job well done do you mind putting the crosses down yes sir oh boy no he's very cute he's really trying oh good so far we're just walking and looking and getting comfortable over everything good boy cute this feels almost like team building like work cute when you bring your like dress I supposed to do this kind of like stuff that makes them a little bit scared I'm like you're gonna trust me more out of this well at least this looks good already huh how is it in the gear it feels pretty it really reminds me of actually of Chase now like riding like this like in the in this saddle and in his gear but it feels pretty good I always think like just I don't know why I've always thought this and I know you think it too just like jumping Saddles sit better on them if you go over one intro just make sure to First do the one yeah because I need to make sure the other ones are on the right are you scared no but I mean like if the distance is completely off good boy he's still kind of like wary of it all he's still not fully fully trusting it right we're gonna go just over this one it's happening you'll be with these tiny front legs little two poles good boy he doesn't seem to doubt at all really I mean it's just a pole yes what do you even doubt I think if we if we had him already refusing at one like Paul I'm not sure today would be the day to be able to actually jump but it makes sense if you never do it okay the distance is not great but it's fine he just has to figure it out oh my gosh she's like a real short job but he was already looking at the next jump from there okay okay nope not the most sensitive yet but maybe he just has to like knock a couple just to realize that they're not moving and that he needs to pick up his feet good boy good boy okay I don't think he's the most okay he's not jumping over at like a meter or something it doesn't work like that front I'm just saying okay figure it out maybe it's nice to let him figure it out by steps boy okay do whatever you want of course oh god oh that was good that was a bit of a something there he was like I have some more muscles should I now lay underneath this jump for an extra effect four eight three whoa good boy oh I think we can start putting the like yellow one a little bit sideways making some small crosses because it feels pretty good um I think we can go from there he gave me a pretty good little hop over this so I feel some potential now [Applause] there we go okay good boy easy all right he's like oh it made a sound after okay let's try this cross maybe I should try and get him to like oh boy he was he was thinking about it he's like I think I'm not gonna not gonna jump this one easy um I was just saying I think maybe I should try and get him to like Canter out of it is that not what like you're supposed to do let's try them up to this one there you go finding your stride oh yeah yeah it's so cute it's front legs he was feeling so confident going into it and then he was like bye good okay this United Canada bring it back bring it back good boy good boy I'm just gonna put my leg on easy all right I'm seeing some progress okay that's fine let's come back I'm gonna do the blue one now the blue Cavaletti okay oh it's not the best good boy buddy went over it do you mind if we just put the crosses up a little bit now I want to see if he's the kind of horse that like picks his feet up better when it's higher a bit of a of a top I think he's finding the crosses easier whoa whoa okay making the money shot yeah this is it atro the Lost jump of the Kentucky whatever from the US get a little bit disunited easy well done well done good boy I think that'll do him for today but he's also improved a lot together with you like now you both are yeah I feel like he's going from strength to strength now and he's starting to trust me a lot more and I don't know if you guys have noticed but there's no lip action going on there is still some days where it happens a little bit but as you can remember from the beginning it was happening all the time and now it's hardly happening so it has improved a lot if you like this here very quietly on him also and it's so light like I hardly have anything in my hand good boy is this shot jumping life for you well done I actually got a lot of messages the other day when I posted a story of him of people thinking it was like a draft horse I think you actually said something as well oh you replied to it like chunky or something like that but I got a lot of people saying like he looks like a Belgian draft he looks like this kind of draft okay well that concludes today uh trying to be a hunter jumper or converting my dresser Italian to be a hunter jumper it was a lot of fun I think I'm actually going to leave the jumps up and maybe at the end of this week I'm gonna come home and do one more little like round I think it's fun for him to do something different um but yeah I'm glad he liked it maybe we'll be doing a little bit more there's also like we have neighbors down there with like jump set up in like a beautiful Big Field and they already told us that we could go and ride over there so maybe that's gonna be um somewhere down the line um but yeah thank you all so much for watching I hope you guys enjoyed today's video um and I'm Gonna Catch You guys on the next one bye-bye bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @gillbeest [2 likes]: I like how Jesse doesn’t argue. He just gently adjust’s Matt’s opinion. Like Matt whispering🩷
  2. @KerryDior [2 likes]: Etro looks magnificent ❤
  3. @sarahkay8436 [1 likes]: 15:43  Learning to collect himself, such a good boy.  <3
  4. @staceybrimer891 [1 likes]: He was amazing!!!! 💖💖🐎
  5. @Ms.Maranatha: "The last jump of the .....Kentucky whatever, in the US." 😅😂  The Kentucky Derby is a Thoroughbred flat track race.
  6. @andreabenfell5580: Lovely horse, he knows his job.
  7. @LadyMopped-vegan-2012: tolle Abwechslung für´s Pferd. Hoffentlich hat er dieses beeindruckende, brave Pferdchen noch. Ich finde den Gedanken immer sehr gruselig das man nicht weiss wo die Pferde landen und wie sie dort behandelt werden. vorallendingen dann wenn sie so brav sind....
  8. @erikabirleanu4487: 2026?
  9. @judanda-fernanda7861: I LUUUUUV ETRO, he’s such a GOOD SWEET BOY❤🎉😊
  10. @MrsDellamar: why not do the course without a rider first?
  11. @cloete3051: Only catching the song ref at the beginning 😂😂lol jesse
  12. @shaunnalyons4436: It’s a true pleasure to watch you ride these beautiful horses. Particularly enjoyed the throw back to my youth showing hunters in equitation and jumping. I had a stunning OTTB since you were speaking of Kentucky. All his gaits were a dream to ride.
  13. @totalcatch22: I wish you'd do more jumping with Etro because he looks soooo good in this! Wow! Plus you have Jesse to help out whenever you'd need. Ahhh.
  14. @BettyKoehler-zg5sv: What a beautiful horse!!  He looked like was enjoying something different!  You are so I tuned to your mount, and he trust you implicitly.  Beautiful to watch!!  Love from Pennsylvania 💕🌷🐻
  15. @ERR404gaem: I amazingly had not seen this. I don't know how I hadn't seen this, but it is what it is. ANYWHOOZLES, even though Etro is a PRE, he doesn't look it. He looks more like a cob, a Cleveland bay, or an English sport horse, which is a Cleveland Bay x Thoroughbred. I know dressage is your focus, Matt, but with Etro, I think he would do very well in novice hunter classes. He would also do exTREMEly well in western pleasure and western trail. He has the look for it.
  16. @dianehall5345: Hello from the USA and thank you Matt for jumping Etro. I started out jumping at 19, then basic dressage. It is very common here in the New England. I'm amazed that you, being so successful with dressage, are interested in huntseat. Your dressage riding impresses me so much to see how well your horses respond. My riding school was very strict. We were not allowed on or near the horses initially. It was class room learning to the 9th degree! Are you listening  Jesse? Every possible nuance of the horse was covered, their history, anatomy, how they think, how well they actually see and hear. How they process their surroundings. It was all about being respectful to the horse firstly, combined with safety. My own horses were all 1/2 Thoro crosses. They were such good partners on the trails. I was more interested in having a true friend than competition riding. We would ride to the neighbors, to the post office, general store, all over town and the surrounding lakes. And yes, I like what we call "chunks" or " easy keepers". They are short coupled. I like to be able to put my hand between my horse's ears when riding. I am 5' 4" and feel lost on a full Thoroughbred. I look forward to following your channel ~ Diane
  17. @margaretschnetzka4390: He did great once he figured it out! Well done!
  18. @ABlazingSlapshot: Just a heads up, that mane style is used for western riding. The mane style used for hunter jumping is the braids that are similar to dressage braids.
  19. @francinemilette8535: That horse is a sweeheart!
  20. @ponyparty28: So brave! 🎉💖 He got more expressive as the cross-poles got bigger which was so cool to see! 🦄

- Winning Round: $50,000 USHJA International Hunter Derby (Handy Round): Kind: captions Language: en He had a big lead, of course, going in and Tom Wright, who helps me with him, said, "You know, if you have a really nice course and you're going well, jump the small jump to the last." Then me being my competitive person, of course, there's no way I'm jumping the small one. So I just wanted to go in and have a smooth round, of course. But I wanted to jump all the high options just to kind of assure that he was going to win and do well.

  Top Comments:
  1. @zoe5317 [19 likes]: My gosh that horse is incredible !!
  2. @natalieh8974 [15 likes]: Beautiful horse! A mare named Yoxi at my barn looks just like yours. She’s sweet, but is impossible to catch.
  3. @SaddleUpwithStella [14 likes]: great round. stunning horse
  4. @margauxnodvin7478 [1 likes]: Tori Colvin is an AMAZING rider, and this horse is equally as talented! Literally picture perfect round, super tight turns and great job jumping on an angle. My favorite moments of this round were the first jump, when Tori and Picture Perfect just casually cantered up to that first huge oxer, seemingly at a reserved pace, and the horse jumped it so beautifully!  Also the inside turn to the final oxer, jumped at an angle was just… chef’s kiss!  I’ve ridden in one National Derby, and I’d love to do more of those. As much fun as International Derbies are to watch, I’ll leave them to the pros like Tori. 😊❤
  5. @LAA1536 [1 likes]: The last jump!❤️
  6. @Happily_an_equestrian [1 likes]: I Find jumping in light Seat mire comfy, anyone else?
  7. @ameliawarfield5637 [1 likes]: Awesome horse 🐎 jumping!
  8. @kirstinetermansen3426 [1 likes]: Hope  he  learning  to use the orthers front  leg
  9. @toddavis8603: Great poise and positioning.

- A DAY IN THE LIFE OF A PROFESSIONAL HUNTER JUMPER: Kind: captions Language: en good morning we are off to a busy start here at we uh I have a 130 horse this morning and then a full day of hunters uh everywhere from preg green to second year so today we're going to the island first uh to get some of the younger horses done uh we're going to go do some ushaa divisions 29 and 3 fo [Music] already got the end before the other saddle so fig that out green light any that wants to be part of this s 100k this is a new horse we have sori it's his first time doing the hunters um he's been a jumper with wilon Porter for a few years um and came from Ashford Farm over in Belgium so he might be a little green today there's a lot of Shadows it's his first time out here but uh he has a lot of quality he really respects the jumps and uh he's obviously beautiful so that helps so uh so you do two trips each division has four jumping rounds in a hack for the most part at the Championships there's three jumping rounds um so they show two days in a row and they'll do two jumping rounds one day two jumping rounds the next so when we went up there that was more of a warm-up so we call that pony Island that's like where all the ponies show um but I think it's nice for Young Horses just to get that experience especially like this like so there's a double over there a two stride um and you don't usually have that in the preg green like in the Young Horses for hunters so I think it's nice for him to be able to get out there and jump a course and kind of thaw out you know I know Jeffrey talked about like in the jumpers you can go in and your horse can like spook at the flowers and like you know and you're just like if you go fast and clear you're good um in this if they bat their ear sideways at something um you know obviously within reason you know some judges hold it against them but some judges are like their horses they're going to do that I'm kind of of that mindset but unfortunately a lot of Judges will hold it against them so we went over there to kind of just let him see what he would do instead of put him in this environment that's a little more daunting and he caught off guard sorry to interrupt but if you're enjoying the content here on HSE TV then become a member and get instant access to hundreds of videos we cover a variety of topics and disciplines all horse related so if you're interested join now and access all the playlists and all the videos straight away Kevin and Jackie with the 7 yeah tot I'm going TV Happ C get me 11 and Dan in um I just finished competing one horse in the USA Today 29 as well as a preg green in the 3-foot and I did the 130 in the Dy and now I am going to get on my next preg green and do another 3ft green before they hack and going over to do green 39 in the grand I don't know little see Sal I am about to compete in the preg green 3-foot under saddle class which is specifically judged on movement all the competitors will be in the ring at the same time we will walk Trot and caner and it will be judged on how they move and then they will get pinned accordingly there's no jumps in this class down walk I'm about to head in for the green 3 fo9 um this is a brand new horse for me I've never shown him we've had him a few days so low expectations but he's a very nice horse so I'm very excited um like I said this division is at a height of 3 fo9 um and there's two jumping classes and a hack today watching [Applause] get thatan it's been a long uh but great day here at we um I'm so grateful to all my owners and clients for all these great horses I had a lot of fun um a lot of rounds running around crazy today but it's all worth it cuz it's so fun so that's this week's video I hope you all enjoyed it if you did then become a member where you can watch hundreds of videos like this all horse related content different disciplines topics and they're all right there for you to access straight away so become a member and get full access to the content right now

  Top Comments:
  1. @rmf7332 [8 likes]: Very sorry, @cyanitecture!! 🧐Don't be so quick with unqualified critics!! What I see is a perfectly professional rider, relaxed, calm and in very good balance, dynamically in perfect flow with the horses movement, never disturbing the horse! The horse is also truly relaxed, seems to be in a good mood and condition and also good motivated. AND the rider uses NO STICK, has very short spurs, fixed very deeply on his heels, never touching the horses body with his very stable leg and merely uses them at all. Absolute joy watching them training!
  2. @Bbqoranges [5 likes]: Ik a lot of people in these comments are not very familiar with the hunters leading them to be astonished by this guys riding, but as someone who shows in the eq and hunters trust me his form and posture are completely normal. And this guy def knows what he’s doing and has lots of year of training under his belt
  3. @Eden.Sweet021 [4 likes]: This is honestly just embarrassing. How can he think he is training any of those horses with that awful position.
At 8:37 I thought he was about to fall off because of how far forward he was leaning. He is just putting more pressure on the horses shoulders and front legs when it lands after a jump. How is no one at that place pointing this out to him??
  4. @Mangoo88 [4 likes]: What is he doing😂 leaning forward the whole time, hanging to the side when the horse lands, his arms are flowing everywhere, leaning on the horses neck. He must have money or something cause this is very bad riding..
  5. @NatalieMarie917 [1 likes]: A hunter half seat can be really pretty, but this was not that. This was almost a full two point position (with really hunched shoulders) so I understand completely why people are so thrown off. The horse still looked great, but I think it could have performed even better if he shifted his center of gravity back an inch or two.

The jumper course looked perfectly fine to me.
And I think he looked fine in the hunt seat equitation / flat class because that was more of the “half seat” I was talking about. Most people in the hunter world will aim to maintain a position closer to this between their fences, rather than being in an awkward limbo position closer to two point.
  6. @lauramills6556: I'm going to guess this fellow is just starting to ride over fences? He does have lovely horses though :)
  7. @morganlowell1469: I am confused on the rider’s form. This is a new topic to me, could someone explain?
  8. @paulfrancis-e5n: I am with nearly everyone else here,the riding looks ungainly rounded shoulders and clumsy not at all elegant or refined. Clearly an elitist sport with a lot of posing, just because you can doesn't mean you should.
  9. @heidiYoung-d4r: And use never once did he thank his groom !!!
  10. @heidiYoung-d4r: Matt that bloke needs some lessons he is terrible !!
  11. @josephinechloe6210: Am I missing something? Why is he so forward?
  12. @ohhhsami: What the 👀🥴
  13. @Krisu1993: I think that he ride beautiful❤
  14. @wendystewart6918: Who is the rider?
  15. @epe-equestrianpatterneduca6184: All of these people complaining about how heavy and on the forehand these horses are, I hope you never watch a hunter under saddle class or you will lose it 😅.  It’s a different frame you are trying to achieve and I think people look at something different than their normal and automatically panic.  There are bad things everywhere, don’t look at a discipline you know nothing about and ridicule it.  These horses look healthy and in great condition, and probably have a better “healthcare plan” than most people.
  16. @225kjg: This is not balanced riding. Hard to watch. A crime for that gorgeous horse. My children students dont jump a x rail like this. If they did, they would no longer be jumping in their lessons with me.
  17. @taosholly: This guy has no leg, great horses and veneers that are too white.  A poser with nothing but  $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$.
  18. @horsesence101: Horrible equitation! Sadly the horses put up with it😮 The horses save him and do all the work.
  19. @tanyaoellermann: My thoughts exactly relating to the comments and the riding style.
  20. @niathehorsegirl: his heels at 8:26

- Champions born, bred and bid on in Kentucky | All In: Road to the Breeders' Cup Classic | NBC Sports: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] there we go bullet 580 the two-week king when September sails a little bit like NFL Draft Combine the course of the sale I will truly feel every high and low that I can you have to wait in line to buy a potentially two million dollar horse oh hi Zenyatta I always say she's like the Beyonce of the thoroughbred world yeah it's called fine good horses and don't spend millions of dollars when a horse wins the Breeders Cup Classic he puts his name on a list of all-time greats it's that an owner and a trainer can look at that trophy and can say I won one of the most prestigious races in the world there's also value in the breeding shed which can escalate dramatically once a horse wins a race like the classic really gets the attention of breeders not just in the United States but around the world we're at the Keeneland September yearling sale there's a lot of different consigners that will sell horses at these sales you have the biggest consigners Clayborne denali lanes end tailor-made they cattle out four thousand yearlings every year about three thousand of them are sold there's about twenty thousand horses born a year only one is a Breeders Cup Classic winner people here are buying the dream there's only one horse every year that can earn that six million dollar purse but more importantly that creates the stud value that could be worth tens of millions of dollars nobody really knows what's the makeup of the next great stallion so we're searching for it it's like a needle in a haystack we're both a buyer and a seller or the blood stock agent and so pretty much I'm a one-stop shop in terms of the work that we do at blue racing morning good so you hear that saying I got to find the diamond in the rough but a much better analogy really is trying to find that diamond than the diamond because if you think about it these beautiful thoroughbreds are all diamonds and so finding that diamond that fits my budget that that's the trick to all of this and you're out there looking at thousands of horses doing it hey Mark how you doing I'm a lone wolf I've always worked that way I kind of do my own thing I have a crazy methodology that works for me I start out with a really good organized set of criteria and have a strategy in place that's great thank you you have to wait in line to buy a potentially two million dollar horse it's kind of a good market to be and when people are waiting in line begging to pay a lot of money for what you have so one of the coolest things that happens when you come to one of these sales if you've been fortunate enough to be successful with one of the offspring from a consignor like in other words midnight Bisou our star of the barn was bred and sold by Woodford and front-and-center is my filly it's a fun thing to walk up and see your silks and more importantly see the horse it's a Cinderella story for midnight Bisou of as a yearling we get lucky we buyer for $80,000 she's now currently undefeated on the season it would be an incredible success story and perfect way to cap off an exceptional season for our filly by taking down the Breeders Cup distaff so typically when I'm looking at a horse I'll start from the bottom up and work my way there start at the feet and just take a general look at the entire body of the horse and then if I decide I like the horse I start getting into more detail but the one component that's probably the most important factor is a horse's desire a horse's heart a horse's personality their presence you watch for subtle nuances for hints and you hope you're right the 2-week chemo in September sales a little bit like the NFL Draft Combine there's multiple rounds in the NFL Draft six seven eight rounds in Keeneland there's five six seven books book one of Keeneland September these are the best bred best looking very much like the first round in the NFL Draft the best athletes so those athletes would generally cost the most to sign our athletes will cost the most to buy everybody is looking for an edge everybody's looking to try to measure something that we can't see and everybody believes their team's the best and unfortunately this game is so difficult for a lot of different factors that you can't control I'm gonna come around and then I'll just come and I'll stop here and then I'll say something like welcome to Kentucky oh hey there welcome to Lexington - I'm gonna take you on a tour today of some bleep oh my god well hey there Carson Kressley here and I just want to welcome you to Lexington Kentucky today I'm going to take you on a trip to meet some Breeders Cup Classic royalty follow me we're gonna go kind of behind the scenes and see where some of these amazing racehorses live where they grew up it's like the e true Hollywood story without the car crash I like to think of myself as a horseman I've been doing this since I was a child literally the type of horses that I have which are American Saddlebred show horses which are actually really closely related to thoroughbreds I love horse racing because it combines everything that I love horses amazing beautiful fashion I mean hats and ties with jockeys on them and then the third thing I love is bourbon we are actually headed to lanes end which I've never really gone behind the scenes of a major thoroughbred farm so it's pretty exciting stuff so this is a real treat so thank you so much maybe I should not walk on the grass that's probably bad probably fancy here we'll just go now who are we seeing today we're seeing accelerate today okay and accelerate won the Breeders Cup Classic and he won just last year right he did yeah for him when he won the Breeders Cup Classic that really set him apart from from the other horses of his generation and stamped him as a great race was right the Breeders Cup has a tremendous influence on on breeding going forward if he's successful he could breed weight well into his 20s okay and now he just gets to live here in the lap of luxury at lanes and exactly he had about a hundred and sixty five wives last year which okay which he gets around he does get around and they all come here they do they all come here to him they come for the day they have their adult time yes they don't even get a full day that's ridiculous it's not fair you'd think they'd at least have a drink or something you'd think but they're in and out pretty quickly he'll have foals next year and then in 2021 he'll actually have yearlings at the yearling sales which were going through at the moment okay so it's very exciting to watch a progression of babies being born and then ultimately growing up to be yearlings and then you have the yearling buyers coming in trying to find the next Breeders Cup Classic winner right I love it I don't want to leave this is like heaven on earth my good now you're going to go see Zenyatta so that's gonna be I know or fun hello hello hello there she is hi oh hi Zenyatta oh my god she like she knows me amazing I brought her candy could she have 2000 yes she's like an SUV I mean she is sturdy the rain drove solid she has a Range Rover good look at you mama how old is she now she is 15 this year Wow sure in the 2004 she looks great and in horse years like it's usually like I think like four years to every 1 year or something she's like in her forties she's like a real housewife were you at the Breeders Cup won she won no I was oh but you've seen the video oh absolutely still get goosebumps and she is just you know she was in the back of the pack and then she's just like um this is not happening this way and she rallies and she beat all the boys she did and it was epic and you slayed and you're amazing right she's a super strong is a superstar I always say she's like the Beyonce of the thoroughbred world that is a very good comparison do they ever get ridden no no none of every measure ready it would be tempting though wouldn't it okay fine thing yada okay stay in touch send me a message on Instagram I follow you second philosophy yes yeah it's called fine good horses and don't spend millions of dollars what we do as horse syndicate so rather than on 100 percent of something young 5% you spread your risk and with that you have more chances for success and that's that's really important we sell a dream we sell an experience we've taken it to the everyman we have so many different people in our partnerships from all walks of life lawyers plumbers doctors tax accountants when they come to the races they have one common thing and that's their horse that they own one of the first horses we ever bought was a horse named Singletary who ended up winning the 2004 Breeders Cup mile cut to video of him winning the mile please [Applause] there have been great horses purchased here for $15,000 if you're just get lucky and find that one special horse it can change your life I think she's kissing me I think she likes my beard we have over 500 partners clients friends what else did we do can I talk now yeah I was just rolling that was grand that you were good it was very good thank you when we meet people for the first time they have no idea what to do or how to get in so the barrier entry is is big a companies like ours help bridge that so you can come in and you can really just buy any type of a racehorse at any level and just dip your toe in to see what kind of experience that you're like so you come in with great expectations you do all your work so now we are on our way to Three Chimneys Three Chimneys is the home of gunrunner and he won the Breeders Cup so he is a very famous horse as well we're just hitting up all the popular stallions today and they live like rock stars I mean they have a beautiful house that they live in they get to run around all these gorgeous bluegrass kills and the man's like a hundred and fifty girlfriends I mean where do they get the energy we are here okay there is gun runner yeah are you basically his kid his primary caretaker I am the stallion manager okay have a good job young man share some tips and then so when it's time for him to do his job then he comes over you take him right over here take him right in there the mayor's will be waiting for him in there when we have the breeding shed it's just like that movie with Dolly Parton and Burt Reynolds well this is a gorgeous breeding shed I don't think I've been in a breeding shed before but this is really nice and I have spongy flooring yeah oh yeah safe safety first yeah I'm gonna get this from my house what is that it's a basically a breast bar when we have been in the act of breeding ryan time the mayor gets pushed forward and they're down here in this way she can hang her head up here and be right while right her chest is hidden against the breast bar there and this is a flat platform here it's right a lien in the mayor of a similar size and there's a little bit of a depressed one there so if the mayor is bigger or taller than just a lien you put her in a little bit of a lower spot so so the mechanics so this Italian doesn't get a complex so there's about 170 little gun runners running around this year yeah they're all six or eight months old when will they start racing when they're - they'll start racing in 2021 it's two US two year olds in 2020 great okay we just have to wait around yeah we should probably have a martini or something till then lexington is a very charming city it's a lot of amazing restaurants when I'm in town for anything horse related I always try to go to Dudley so we're going to Dudley's hello hello hi I'm Carson mark nice to meet you thank you the hot brown obviously is the quintessential Kentucky culinary delight so I thought maybe you could tell us what it is and show us how to make one where did the hot brown come from and it's like a Lexington thing right actually from Louisville the brown hotel in Louisville okay yeah I've only ever seen a hot brown in Kentucky either in Lexington or Louisville so I feel like we're making a real Kentucky oh treat that nobody else in the world gets to have yeah this is the special grilled country ham and turkey so now we're getting healthy with this made ohh slices vegetables put a little bit more nee on top and now we're gonna toast it Aurelio just all go so we're gonna broil it off yeah and then if the cheese wasn't enough we're gonna garnish with just a little bit and some bacon we'll just put a little salad on there just to make sure it's important to get your vegetables we got our salad coming through hot brown anyone ordered the hot brown my friends and yacht is on the wall I know her and there's bourbon public TV a come on Mike 210 210 Roger - 25 - 20 25 30 bucks this sale you can buy a yearling of $1500 - multi-million dollars it's unknown what the sales topper is gonna be this year but you can figure somewhere between two and four million dollars obviously this week is high-risk and high-reward the one difference between us and a typical owner is we have a budget and we want to present horses they a certain price point to our partners but we're up against other owners that have a little bit more disposable income with us don't look at it as a business model in the way that we do what a bargain oh really so that they call for 100,000 mo he probably got it how are you so that's my buddy Sheik mo crying bought that horse yeah I remember you here we go bullet 582 goodbye be bigoted 130 BP 414 humming 300 on titanium auctions are interesting in that it's certainly belly-to-belly commerce we still may be 42 horses an hour the only gonna mow down by 8 405 million look at a million to start we worked for two years and I've got 50 seconds to sell your product three but a good board under good in five better than being five I am the ringman here at Keeneland when they lead those horses in to us they have so much on their mind and they're looking for a friend so that happens to be me four million six now another down there get him to go down seven well it's not me been against your nuts to four million eight seven eight under get in for made eight under get even though I'm promised you dad that four million seven full million eight don't get him to get here the trade secret I don't like to tell but I will is we wear the black gloves and so many times you can just kind of let him smell that glove and he'll change his mind you'll kind of follow you around lately and twos right up here eight million three back there what do you say they've been really thinking about it some say yes that it's kind of that horse whisperer thing but you know it's just from a lifelong love of doing this right here eight million two hundred thousand thank you folks hold your flowers just real quick both your claws real quick let's get her outside first through the course of this sale I will truly feel every high and low that I can and everything in between there's a lot of excitement about who's gonna buy my horse how are you thank you very much there was Bob Baffert shaykh muhammad the ruler of Dubai having last glimpses at the horses that are just about to sail and you don't know if they're on your horse or off your horse hopefully somebody who keep on bit at the Keeneland sale will sell 20 yearlings in total and we'd be a small to medium-sized outfit selling our own horses hip number 405 consigned by ash View Farm Brian and gray Lister age of the baked coal plain Kentucky Derby winner Nyquist oh my hundred mama - you dirty mama - do you gonna do I wanna say I feel pretty worn down 29:25 vana dude when your body's tired from being out here all day your mind is exhausted your emotions are shot and then in the next minute and a half you kind of figure out how your ear is going to go for 25 but you could be ending in 54 if it is it 45:25 25:15 it'd be in the negative 51 I have 50 60 waiters I did be fine check the end I have Mitchell 550,000 thank you rusted this summer Oh take a deep breath now that was a great sale well we just sold our Nyquist colt for five hundred and fifty thousand dollars to a client and friend Keith Bradley was it just a big poker game they're trying to spend we're all really excited and now we're gonna do this for 12 or 13 more days it's a competitive market here you know you're bidding against some very powerful people people are paying eight million dollars for a year lien those same buyers are looking at a lot of the horses I'm looking at then of the day I got my butt kicked all day long it's easy to get dejected especially in the moment you feel like I'm never gonna be able to buy the horse that I want but you got to stay disciplined and stay the course one way or another it always works out next on all in the road to the classic five weeks away from the Breeders Cup Classic the best racing in the United States is here the atmosphere the horses we have six horses in the awesome again it's one heavy favorite in McKinsey trained by Bob Baffert Thank You Bates people just face it would be incredible to finish off as undefeated and I try not to think about that right now

  Top Comments:
  1. @pixelking5 [4 likes]: Zenyatta was something else. One of my favourite horses ever
  2. @alioness-w-noregrets7471 [2 likes]: Me: thinking of horse names 
Me: Suddenly hears Hot Brown 
Me: Gears start turning
  3. @AbbeyEdwards-x5m [1 likes]: Do your research they ARE NOT the only Breed that races!!!
  4. @WallyMac: This guy is trying so hard to be more fabulous than the horses
  5. @KevinSantiago-w4h: The king of dubai just chillin mindin his own business knowin well he can buy all the horses if he wants 🤣
  6. @rachaelmeares2311: If someone truly loves horses they do not love horse racing. It’s not natural for the animal, and they are being abused, pushed beyond their natural limits, and die young. 2,000 horses a year reported, more covered up. End this.
  7. @rachaelmeares2311: This type of running and training is not natural to a horse. This is extreme abuse and all these excuses that it’s natural is straight up manipulation by millionaires who just want your money. This sport is garbage.
  8. @aduakshehu: Beautiful horses.
  9. @bareessentials111: 🤑🤑🤑
  10. @aaarki: carson is so funny
  11. @MICHAELC7351: I believe if you're not a US citizen you should not be able to buy anything in the US
  12. @susantaylor9923: Please don't run them too soon. It's heart breaking to ruin a beautiful living breathing amazing horse. Why do that. Be a horse protector.
  13. @hariomkumar-cs4hb: Best
  14. @gimlee-gi9ze: why would he insult Zenyata by calling her Beyonce?
  15. @Busna-m9t: So great really. Thanks NBC
  16. @MillieMitchell-nw4ow: Could have done without Carson Kressley, tbh.😊
  17. @timlee6794: The guy is hilarious 😂
  18. @Maximilliano-Maxwell-n2f: Thats jonny o family,
  19. @zarderic: your buddy sheikh MO? gimme a break!
  20. @Kim-f8f6k: All the oil rich who have been manipulating the oil price for decades. Should be in jail m

- 2025 Pegasus World Cup Invitational (FULL RACE) | NBC Sports: Kind: captions Language: en Y TAKING ON THE BOYS, SHE TAKES THE OUTSIDE BOYS. WE ARE READY FOR PEGASUS WORLD CUP NUMBER NINE. IN THE GATE. THEY'RE OFF IN THE PEGASUS WORLD CUP. LOCKED WITH A STEP SLOW TO GET GOING. EXCELLENT START FOR SAUDI CROWN. RIGHT TO THE TOP. STRONGHOLD COMES AWAY IN SECOND WITH AN INSIDE LANE. MIXTO INTO THIRD. MYSTIK DAN UP CLOSE TO THE ACTION. HE IS THIRD. A LENGTH AND A HALF, WHITE ABARRIO OUT OF NEWGRANGE. SKIPPYLONGSTOCKING, FOUR AHEAD OF POWER SQUEEZE. WELL BACK EARLY ARE CRUPI AND STEAL SUNSHINE. SAUDI CROWN HAS THE LEAD. MYSTIC K DAN ON THE OUTSIDE. STRONGHOLD. MIXTO. IT'S A WELL SETTLED WHITE ABARRIO. HE IS ABOUT TWO LENGTHS OFF THE PACE SETTER. NEWGRANGE IS NEXT, RACING FIVE LENGTHS BEHIND. SKIPPYLONGSTOCKING TO HIS INSIDE. TO LOCKED. WORKING TOWARD FRONT THE STEAL SUNSHINE. THEN POWER SQUEEZE AND CRUPI IS LAST. THEY SWING AROUND THE FAR TURN. SAUDI CROWN YET TO FACE A THREAT. A LENGTH AND A HALF IN FRONT. WHITE ABARRIO MAKES HIS MOVE INTO SECOND. MOVING TOWARD THE INSIDE, THAT'S MYSTIK DAN IS DROPPING BACK. THE FAVORITE HAS A LOT TO DO. HE IS WARMING TO THE TASK. HERE COMES WHITE ABARRIO LOOMING UP ON THE DOWNSIDE. HE POWERS BY SAUDI CROWN. OPENING UP WITH AN EIGHTH OF A MILE TO GO. BACK TO SECOND IS SAUDI CROWN. WHITE ARRI

  Top Comments:
  1. @0_zsR [2 likes]: Because of that one horse girl racing game in mobile that recently got global, this is now showing up in my recommendations
  2. @Guglielmo64-q2h [1 likes]: ❤
  3. @zackzaghria3473 [1 likes]: it's wild what an anime girl does to a fella
  4. @AllS-dz5xe [1 likes]: I love you horse❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
  5. @patrickcerny5842: Barber; retire him for the love of christ, what else you trying to prove?!  This was awesome enough.
  6. @franklincruel6612: Waoooo a very good horse white
  7. @gustavospezia8413: Se los comió en dos panes!
  8. @tannerlion1994: Uma Musume Community are watching
  9. @danielramsawak4799: Yall think Citizen Bull or Nysos was beating that under Irad Ortiz in the BC Dirt Mile?
  10. @persfallow6522: Just like Tokai Teio frfr
  11. @Peter-RayGayle-h7l: Stop
  12. @yunusadiatma3798: Kok pemerintah Indonesia ga mau bikin yg bagus kek gini ya padahal pacuan kuda keren loh
  13. @PotatoChips-m3w: Verry nice
  14. @petergayle1126: I win everything
  15. @petergayle1126: You Lost!
  16. @leonbrookes4794: Good win
  17. @petergayle1126: 9 Good horse
  18. @M0nster284: that guy that was in the lead the whole race was pissed when his horse got tired. 🤠
  19. @prixieponyfim: Awesome! Im a new horse racing fan,it would be appreciated if anyone would tell me the name of the horses
  20. @riteguyssports6308: Hate to say it but that performance was pretty suspect. Hasn’t run well intill he gets back with Steroid saffie

- Story of Rich Strike's historic win at 2022 Kentucky Derby | NBC Sports: Kind: captions Language: en We welcome you to the 148th Kentucky Derby. Today. We won just getting the in. We never been there before. Might not ever get back again. There was no pressure. The long shot of the reefs Rich strike. And my biggest thing was I wanted to respect for Richie after the race, you know, the odds are really long and 70 lines of one. But what have we learned about the Derby? You never know. They're off. I didn't think he would win the race. I thought he could win the race. They reached by us for the first time. It will be summer is tomorrow to lead the way. And I said Eric if we can just finish in the middle of the pack. Look what an accomplishment. We had that opening half miles from Warhol, blazing fast as the sun. If you can turn for home with six or seven in front of you, you can win no epicenter. This. Pick up quickly. So you see exactly where you would envisioned it and felt like he was good enough to Win It. I lost Richie, I could not see him anywhere. I found a lot of toffee and I say I had to way to the stretch. Then all the sudden, there's a gap and that's I said, son is going to take that Gap. I know he is he does and he regret it for the rest of his life. The last one, I expected to be making that late move, was rich This is the moment, epicenter repelled, sand ants bid and lo and behold. Comes Rich track. I didn't realize he was about to catch epicenter in the horses are on the late. I don't even see him, right? Man, he just kicked in and hit another gear 15 got out before the way I say, I think I got erased. Upset. I grabbed my dad and I shaking my said, Dad. We just won the Kentucky Derby. Absolutely unbelievable. That was a Big Thrill ever had in my life standing there. Watching his horse by said Finish Line. That's one of the biggest upsets in the history. Of their be Friday. Morning at 8:00 a.m. This horse was not in the race. This is the most unbelievable Day Ever, impossible. It's not about me. It's not about Sonny. It's not about my team. It's about Richie. He is this miracle. That shouldn't be there, but he's the one that did all the work. He just can't do all the talking.

  Top Comments:
  1. @happypeeps4244: ❤❤❤
  2. @Wojakio: This and the Golden Temple win are the two greatest horse races ever!
  3. @GaryWofsy: This is what makes thoroughbred racing the greatest sport in the world. 
Get rid of the cars bring back the horses❤
  4. @anneliseruiz8526: What a great story! And I love how they give all the praise to the horse!
  5. @ki9183511: What an amazing race!! ❤❤❤
  6. @maryspeidel5258: The jokey was amazing.
  7. @BonafideID: This is why this sport is so unreal. “he just can’t do all the talking”, purest form of love and admiration.
  8. @CobraXXVI: This was the first Derby I ever watched. A great welcoming!
  9. @RobertSpencer-e5h: A victory and a story for the ages.  Thank you God for blessing us all with moments like this one .
  10. @greekadonis: Wow
  11. @sarahsadaya2522: The 2022 KENTUCKY DERBY WAS REALLY MEANT TO RICH STRIKE …THE OWNER…TRAINER & HANDLER…
  12. @VikasRamchurn: Have a movie on this horse
  13. @giuseppedangelo2659: Traduzione
  14. @DanielleStrachan-b7m: I’d absolutely love to hear Larry Collmus do a voice over of President Trump winning in 2016 against Clinton and one of 2024! 😂😂😂
  15. @CiaranKelly-c7z: 0:51 COME ON MAN🤬
  16. @saony123456: :)
  17. @marthauhlenbrock424: Little red horse
  18. @deannmiller4448: What a bunch of nice people
  19. @ledgerdermain2: Umamusume fans be breaking the algorithm
  20. @datwoopthing6167: Wish they would have spoke to the strapper

- How The Fastest Horse In The Kentucky Derby® Was Bred And Raised To Win | Big Business: Kind: captions Language: en-US Narrator: Just one Kentucky Derby horse can cost over $2 million, and it takes a lot more money to get them ready for the big race. Zane: They say, "No foot, no horse." That's what they say. Narrator: But there are tiny odds this horse, Mystik Dan, will actually win. Sharilyn: You're always hopeful when you have a baby that maybe it could be the one. Narrator: And there's another race going on behind the scenes. Thousands of people are hustling to get the century-old track at Churchill Downs ready for Derby day, from the gardeners ... Matt: I want the Kentucky Derby winner's circle to be extra beautiful on Derby day. Narrator: ... to the chefs feeding an audience so large it could fill seven Super Bowl stadiums. We literally have schedules minute by minute by minute. Honestly, I wish there was more than 24 hours in a day. Narrator: So, how do all the staff set the stage for the largest horse race in the US? And what does it take to win? Sharilyn Gasaway and her family are part owners of Mystik Dan. Sharilyn: I know what you want. Yes. He loves his peppermints. Narrator: This is Sharilyn's first Derby race. Mystik Dan has just one chance of winning in his entire lifetime. All horses running in the Kentucky Derby must be 3 years old, not one year older or younger. They aren't fully mature at that age, which adds uncertainty and makes betting more exciting. He's got this beautiful stripe down his face, and I love that because I can see him when he's running. I can kind of pick him out of a group and know it's him. Narrator: Sharilyn has bet on Mystik since he was a baby. My husband thinks that horses, once they smell you and know you, that they know you forever, and I kind of seem to feel like that's true too. Narrator: She's a part-owner of his mother and helped pay $10,000 to mate her with a horse that won the Breeders' Cup, one of the biggest horse races in the world. Sharilyn: There's about 10,000 colts born a year, and 20 of those get to be in the Kentucky Derby. So it is a dream of a lifetime. Narrator: If Mystik wins, the prize is $3.1 million, and Sharilyn would split 80% of it with the other owners. Sharilyn: If you win on Saturday, you'll get the whole bag. Narrator: But Sharilyn says for her family, it's not really about the money. Sharilyn: They're like my babies. I really want to take care of them. That's the most important thing to me. Narrator: Brian Hernandez Jr. will ride Mystik Dan in three days. He could take 6% of the purse. It's the pinnacle of our sport. It's what we all want to do. So to win the Derby is, it's a feeling that I can't describe because I've never done it. Narrator: Brian has been training with Mystik every day for the past year. Today he's taking Mystik for his morning workout on the Churchill Downs track. Mystik can go as fast as 37 miles per hour. Most horses don't run the entire 1.25-mile-long track at full speed when they train because it's so exhausting. They usually sprint in shorter intervals. The dirt track makes the Derby especially hard to run. Horses' feet sink, increasing the risks of an ankle twist. No. We've been doing it so long, this is like second nature to us. I'm more scared going out snow skiing than I am getting on the back of a racehorse. Narrator: Only 20 horses make it into the Kentucky Derby. They have to earn enough points in qualifying races. Mystik Dan got the 18th spot after competing in three, which cost his owners $24,000 to enter. They say it's the road to the Kentucky Derby. It is. Narrator: Entering the Derby itself costs another $50,000 in fees. Sharilyn: Anytime anybody says, "Ooh, I wish I could buy a racehorse," I'm like, well, buying the horse is not the part. It's really the training every month. So with all the transportation bills and vet bills and all that stuff, I mean, it can be $3,000 or $4,000 a month. Narrator: Brian hands Mystik Dan off to this guy, the hot walker, who cools him down. Brian: These horses, they need care 24 hours a day, so these guys have to sit out here and watch over them. Narrator: They'll lap around the barn for about 30 minutes. If horses don't cool down, their legs could cramp up, damaging their muscles. Brian: He's one of those rare type of horses that, he's a people pleaser. He wants to please you and do whatever you ask him to do. Narrator: Kenny McPeek is Mystik's trainer, and he's confident he can take first place. Kenny has trained 10 Derby horses throughout his career but has never won. He gets 10% of the purse if Mystik wins, and he'll use some of it to pay bonuses to his staff. Kenny: Got to have an exceptionally talented horse. He's very quiet. Nothing disturbs him. You could set off a bomb in between his legs, and he wouldn't know. Narrator: In the months leading up to the race, Kenny plans out every hour of Mystik's day. Kenny: Everything has to be choreographed every day. Organizing grooms, hot walkers, riders, assistants, jockeys. Some horses really like repetition, and they like to know what they're doing every day and what time. It's kind of like people. Narrator: But they don't always enjoy bath time. Narrator: Grooms like Henry bathe the horses after morning runs. He washes the same four every day. If one of them wins, he could make $30,000. Narrator: Grooms typically make about $20 an hour. The shampoo they're using can cost about three times that. The conditioner? $180. Plus, tack on another $80 for shine-enhancing moisturizer. From their heads down to their hooves, nothing that touches these horses is cheap, including their uniforms, like this bit and the bridle. It's probably a 200-and-something-dollar bridle. Narrator: Fancier ones can cost over $600. Then you have saddles, whose prices range from hundreds to thousands of dollars. And most important of all are their shoes. Zane: There are all sorts of different types of shoes. Narrator: Zane Baze is a fourth-generation farrier, or shoer, at Churchill Downs. Zane: Normally, shoeing a horse like this is going to be in the $200 range. And glue-ons are going to cost you anywhere from $400 to $500, probably. Narrator: Just one of its four shoes can get auctioned off for over $80,000 if a horse wins. Horses' hooves are essentially layers of keratin that don't stop growing. Zane: Like the tip of your fingernail that you would go, you know, like with a pair of fingernail clippers. So I'm going to do that right now. So I'm going to take that and nip that off of there. I'm looking for flat and balanced. Narrator: Farriers change horses' shoes every four to five weeks. Most of them are made of aluminum with a steel insert to reinforce the toe. Zane: This horse has a little bit of bruising in that foot. But by putting that shoe on there, it's going to protect the bottom of that foot, and most of that bruising will subside by the next time we shoe him. Narrator: Nails lock the shoe in place. Zane: I'm basically tying his shoe nice and snug. I have to pay attention to his mannerisms. Some of them can be just downright mean, so you kind of have to be in tune with that. They are, you know, 1,200-pound animals. If I do my job correctly, they can do their job. And on to the next appointment. Narrator: Back in the barn, Mystik Dan is almost ready for his morning nap. That's when his groom, Rafael, takes over. Everyone here calls him Chico. He spends about an hour bandaging Mystik Dan. Narrator: Wrapping horses' legs also supports their tendons during intense workouts. Narrator: Chico is originally from Mexico and has been working here for 16 years. Narrator: Routines like this are essential to lower their chances of getting hurt. In 2023, 12 horses were euthanized after suffering injuries on or near the track. Churchill Downs says there were multiple causes for those injuries and they do everything to minimize risks. They have since updated their safety protocols, including more frequent vet checkups and additional track maintenance. The Kentucky Derby is the longest continuously run sporting event in US history. A prominent American businessman, Meriwether Lewis Clark Jr., built the track 150 years ago to showcase Kentucky's horse-breeding industry. The event was modeled after British races. Spectators were socialites who wore hats to display their social standing. Announcer: And they're off! Fifteen track thoroughbreds in the 68th running of the Mint Julep Classic. Narrator: Since the first Derby in 1875, horses have raced here every year, even during World War I, World War II ... Reporter: Churchill Downs announces a $50,000 war-bond purchase. Narrator: ... and the global pandemic. Announcer: Shut Out leads them home, winner by more than two lengths. Shut Out earns more than $64,000, a record Derby purse. Narrator: One of the oldest traditions is this ring of flowers that adorns the winner's circle. Matt Bizzell is in charge of growing those and all other flowers that adorn the event at Churchill Downs' very own greenhouse. Matt: We grew about 800 of these. These go in the Kentucky Derby winner's circle. For as long as we have pictures going back there, it's been red geraniums or red begonias in there. Narrator: He's been running this place for the past 15 years, but he still gets nervous before Derby day. Matt: I wake up at 4 or 5 in the morning and start worrying about work this time of year. Narrator: In total, the gardening crew grows about 20,000 annuals. These plants will die at the end of the year, and they aren't cheap. Matt: That might be $7 or $8, and you take that times 20,000, it is a lot of money that we have in this greenhouse. Narrator: But there's no guarantee they'll even last through Derby week. He says up to 5,000 get trampled on race day. Matt: You'll see people sitting on the edge of those pots. So a lot of those pots will have broken flowers in them. It is aggravating, but it has happened so much over the years that I think I'm used to it. So, also, it doesn't do any good to yell at people on Derby day. So. Narrator: Lavish menus are also a big part of the Derby, and behind the scenes, a team of cooks is racing against the clock. Each day has about 40 different menus, track-wide. Narrator: Chef Robert Lopez runs a kitchen of 100 executive chefs and 1,500 supporting staff. That's not a lot of people, considering they're serving 400,000 guests in under a week. So that's seven Super Bowls' worth of food. Robert: We bring in chefs from all over the country. Narrator: The team has to stay relatively small because they're working in tight quarters. They're ordering 10,000 pounds of smoked brisket and thousands of chicken breasts from local farms and 1,000 pounds of cheese. Most of it arrives just days before the Derby in about 1,100 semitrucks. Some of it gets here on race day at about 4 a.m. Lots of caffeine. Narrator: And then there are the drinks. The mint juleps are the bestseller. They bring in about $2.5 million in sales. We're doing 1,000 pounds of mint, more than 20,000 bottles of bourbon. Narrator: This is Brandon Fullen. He oversees all the drink orders. Thousands and thousands and thousands of cans of Coca-Cola. We're going to be going through pallets of water every hour, all across the track. I couldn't possibly. Narrator: Everything leads up to this one moment. All right, Rochelle, first photo of the day. Narrator: This year, more than 155,000 people crammed into Churchill Downs to watch the Run for the Roses live. Worldwide, people bet more than $320 million on the race, surpassing last year's record by over $30 million. No matter how much homework betters do, there's always a little luck involved. Sharilyn: Honestly, you can go, "I want to pick this stallion, and I want to pick this person, and we're going to produce the best horse." But, you know, we're not in control of that. I just have faith that he's going to do really well, and so just trusting in that. Narrator: We weren't allowed to film the race. Narrator: Mystik had a good start in lane three. He lost the lead and ran in the middle of the pack for most of the race until he came around the bend and took the lead. Announcer: In Derby 150. And there's four! Narrator: The finish was so close, it was impossible to tell who won at first. But the final photo confirmed Mystik Dan won by the length of his nose, earning his team a record-breaking $3.1 million of the total purse. Sharilyn: It's so special. It really is special to see him make it here. Because we've had him since he was a baby, that's just even more special. Narrator: As for Mystik Dan, he got the whole bag of peppermints.

  Top Comments:
  1. @takingcareofbusinessloco [2 likes]: 4:30 3 to 4 thousand a month? It has to be astronomically higher.
  2. @mrsuperbucket4842 [1 likes]: 3 min in and nothing about HOW THE HORSE WAS BRED AND RAISED......
  3. @TeresaStuckey-fv4tl: Underdog horse, Grand Tempo, wins Kentucky Derby and the jockey on him is a brother to the other brother on the other horse who he beat.  Pretty cool!

I learned that Golden Tempo is a descendent of Secretariat and Golden Tempo’s time as 2.02, which is impressive, they say. 

And Secretariat’s time was 1.58, which is a huge 17 furlongs of a horse faster than the other horse. I don’t know what a furlong is, but I know they said he was 25 lengths ahead of the other horse. 

And Secretariat’s heart was much bigger than a normal horse.  ❤️ He was such a cool miracle from God. 

And 19 race horses descended at some point from Secretariat including Golden Tempo. 

I know nothing about horse racing, but that is pretty fascinating stuff. 

Golden Tempos’ owner said he likes to sit back in the back and rest and get all dirty from the other horses kicking dirt in his and the jockey’s face … 
and then at the end he likes to open up the power and blow everybody out!

And that’s what Secretariat used to do too.  He was spectacular. 
The Bible verses about what God said about horses are awesome.  
and Jesus is coming back on a white horse with those who’ve gone before.

Bible:  Job 39 (God talking to Job.)
19 
“…Do you give the horse its strength     or clothe its neck with a flowing mane?
20 
Do you make it leap like a locust,     striking terror with its proud snorting?
21 
It paws fiercely, rejoicing in its strength,     and charges into the fray.
22 
It laughs at fear, afraid of nothing;     it does not shy away from the sword.
23 
The quiver rattles against its side,     along with the flashing spear and lance.
24 
In frenzied excitement it eats up the ground;     it cannot stand still when the trumpet sounds.
25 
At the blast of the trumpet it snorts, ‘Aha!’     It catches the scent of battle from afar,     the shout of commanders and the battle cry….”


And Jose Ortiz gave glory and honor to our LORD immediately after the race while still on the horse.
  4. @kaitlynrice7306: $20 an hour to wash a horse AND a possible lottery win? R u kidding me? Where can I apply?
  5. @Aj-wx3qq: For the love of God don't let the dei lisp hire do voice over
  6. @Theodore_711: Look like elite socks to me
  7. @johnviera3884: 0:40 
155,000 people 
That's around 2 Superbowls
  8. @ddbrotherscontractors: Every person doing there job,luv it
  9. @susilemare198: Sovereignty won the  2025 Kentucky Derby
  10. @kixr4free: The jockey who guides and who gets to know the horse only gets 6% is criminal. The guy who bathes the horse needs a bigger bag at 2x more because they would know if something is troubling them
  11. @pamavery9352: Makes 3 million and all he gets is a bag of peppermints!!!!!!! Mystic should get peppermints for the rest of his life!!!
  12. @user-un8te2kb2d: R they using hot water
  13. @Burningmanfire: Umamazing
  14. @EagletsBallad: I’ll be back. What a special event.
  15. @renzonogueiramargotto3141: I liked so much of the "ONLY 20 horses make it into the Kentucky Derby" comment by the announcer like "normal races" had 40 or 50 horses 😂
  16. @renzonogueiramargotto3141: The curious thing about how detrimental it is to subject a horse to racing at 3 years old is that wild horses and mustangs were exceptionally conditioned and moved significantly more than domesticated horses aged 1 to 3 years. They were extremely active, frequently traveling with their herds, and capable of covering vast distances daily in search of food and water, generally between 16 and 32 kilometers per day, but could easily reach 40 or 50 kilometers. At that age, they were too intelligent to conserve energy, yet capable of quick movements when fleeing danger or playing. Their standard walking pace was 5 to 8 km/h, their trot speed ranged from 13 to 19 km/h, and their gallop speed, in short races or escapes, could reach 40 to 48 km/h, but over very short distances, such as those of the Triple Crown, they could exceed 70 km/h. And they were not bred with the best genetics nor trained for this.
  17. @sandaujosh: Like a ol slave in ball n chains
  18. @indiranathoo7973: Congratulations to 2026 Winner Golden Tempo with the first female trainer to ever win the Derby!
  19. @torynb2697: why did we get someone with a lisp to narrate this video
  20. @metalcorgi1959: People are starving in the streets but thank God Mystic Dan got his peppermints

- SIGNS A HORSE DOESN’T RESPECT YOU | Horse Behavior Guide: Kind: captions Language: en hey everyone so if you have a horse that doesn't respect you it can be very problematic and also cause a lot of issues so in today's video i wanted to share some signs that your horse doesn't respect you and what you can do to help better your relationship with them so if you find that your horse does display some of the behaviors we're going to cover just know that this video isn't here to condemn you it's here to educate you horses are herd animals by nature so this means they're constantly going to be vying for their position in the hierarchy of social dynamics so that being said it is perfectly normal to run into respect issues with your horses the important thing is knowing how to address those issues when they come and so that's what we're going to talk about today so i find that there are three main areas where horses have the most problems when it comes to disrespecting their handlers and most of this just relates back to a lack of training or maybe just not a solid foundation when they were first started the first sign that your horse may not respect you or the aids that you're giving is that they will fight or ignore the pressure you apply so this can look like a few different things and i'll just cover a few examples of some common situations you may be facing with your horse so an example of this would be your horse trying to graze as you lead them and even if you're like pulling them to try to get them to move they're just going to ignore you for the grass come on buddy another example is a horse that doesn't want to walk up with you and you're constantly having to pull on the lead and fight them to get them to walk faster another one is if your horse jerks their head up every time you try to get them to lower their head so if you apply pressure here and they lower or even to their pole and they jerk up rather than see he's kind of ignoring my pressure there oh see he's ignoring there he'll soften down if your horse jerks their head up when you're trying to get them to lower their head that's a good sign they are disrespecting the pressure you're applying another way your horse may be disrespecting pressure is they refuse to pick up their feet when you try and you just find yourself pulling and pulling at their leg and they just won't pick up their foot the good news is if you have a horse that can be disrespectful in this area it's super easy to correct this is basically a training issue where all you have to do is solidify in your horse's mind the idea of pressure and release what i mean by this is horses a lot of times learn by the release of pressure so that means if i apply pressure like pulling down on the lead rope as soon as he responds correctly i release the pressure so when he dips his nose i'll release the pressure so by starting with the light pressure and gradually increasing pressure until your horse responds you're teaching them to respond to the lightest pressure so in essence this should help any situation where you find your horse fighting your pressure so whether it's picking up their feet or leaving them all you have to really do is work on getting them to respond to the right pressure another area that i find most horses have a hard time with respect is when it comes to your personal space as their handler so this solely comes from the fact that horses are hurt animals and they're just trying to secure a better place within the herd so one way your horse may demonstrate this is by walking into you as you're leading so this can look like them bumping their shoulder into you maybe budding you with their head and just getting all up in your space as you lead them another good one is that your horse may always try to be walking ahead of you technically the space ahead of you is your space so if the horse is wanting to walk ahead and pull on you that means they're disrespecting your space another common way horses show disrespect when it comes to your personal space is that they'll stick their head up and over you so tucker here can't really do that because he's a short little guy but a lot of horses can do this with their handlers like if you're trying to put the bridle on they may just stick their head right over you and that's really disrespecting your space if you watch horses in the pasture usually the more dominant horse will put their head up and over other horses and even like push them with their chest so when it comes to teaching your horse to respect your personal space the best thing i find that you can do is groundwork groundwork refers to training you specifically do with your horse while you're on the ground this is considered the foundation of horse training because your horse is getting to know you on a face to face personal level a horse isn't going to get to know you if you're just sitting on their back all the time there are so many different groundwork exercises if i were to take time to explain them all today we'd be here for probably a few days so if you're looking for a step-by-step guide that walks you through exactly how to do very useful groundwork exercises i created an online course that walks you through a bunch of different exercises you can use and how this course works is it has different lessons so in one lesson you'll learn how to do a specific exercise and then you can go practice it with your horse and come back and finish the course on your own time and you can space it out as you need to in order to progress correctly you can go to shop.equinehelper.com and i'll also put the link in the description where you can find this online course the next area that i find horses can be very disrespectful in is when it comes to showing aggression so some horses don't have a mean bone in their body towards humans that's kind of like tucker here he's always very passive always been very nice and polite to me but some horses will be aggressive towards humans and some will be very aggressive to where it's dangerous some horses that show aggression towards humans so not all of them but some some of them do this out of protection for themselves so this means they may not feel comfortable around humans or maybe they just haven't gotten to interact with humans a lot and so they're going to be a little bit more aggressive and weary when they're around them that being said it's always important to be aware of why your horse is being aggressive sometimes they may be aggressive because they're literally scared of you while other times they may be aggressive because they're just trying to be dominant and get their way one way your horse may display aggression towards you is by swinging their butt to you when maybe you go out to catch them in the pasture or maybe you go in their stall or maybe they're eating and you're walking out to horses do this because they use their hind end as a defense mechanism they can kick you and that's a great way they protect themselves in the wild y'all honestly i've had tucker almost five years and i don't think i've ever seen him put his ears back which is kind of crazy i guess that's geldings for you if he was a mayor oh my gosh so another way your horse may display aggression even though this is a little bit more subtle and more common is that they may pin their ears back at you so this is usually just a warning sign that they're not happy with the situation or that they may escalate to do something dangerous another way horses might be aggressive towards you is by biting so there's different kinds of biting that horses do sometimes it's just playful where they're nibbling at you trying to play with you other times it's the horse is coming at you they're lunging at you their ears are flat against their head and they want you to get out of their way or you're going to get bit another way your horse can be disrespectful by displaying aggression is when you're riding them and they just start acting up so sometimes a horse will act up when you're riding them because maybe the saddle isn't fitting correctly they may be in pain or they may just be getting frustrated or sometimes a horse acts up to get you off of them i've been on horses where we're just out on a nice peaceful trail ride and suddenly they just started bucking like crazy and their sole purpose was to get me off their back and of course as soon as i fall off they take off so that's what i'm talking about here a horse that is trying to get you off so it's important to address these behaviors as soon as they happen otherwise the horse may learn that they can display these aggressive behaviors and scare you out of working with them so as soon as your horse does something where it's aggressive towards you the best thing to do is just start working them let's say you're riding your horse and your horse gets mad and they just suddenly start bucking like crazy if you're able to stay on the best thing to do is ride them through it and then work them hard enough so that they understand that's not right if you don't feel comfortable being on the horse but you feel comfortable being on the ground the best thing you can do in that situation is probably just launch the horse and work the horse like that to make them tired and help them understand that that behavior is not right another thing to keep in mind is preparation helps horses succeed in the long run so let's say your horse is aggressive when it comes to feeding time and they pin their ears back in charge at you when you approach their food bucket well if you take the time to prepare where you're taking the feed bin and it's empty and you're just working the horse around it getting them to walk away from it and you're preparing that way then when you add food the horse is going to be much more able to accept the situation and allow you to come close to them and move them away from the food another great solution we've already mentioned in other points is groundwork so by using groundwork to get your horse even just focused on your personal space it can get them focused on you and respecting you to where they're not going to do anything aggressive or dangerous towards you so once again go to shop.equinehelper.com to check out our online course if you found this video helpful please be sure to give us a thumbs up and subscribe to our channel for more weekly horse videos

  Top Comments:
  1. @CarmellaAbel [137 likes]: Big news! 🎉 🐴 My course on gaining & maintaining your horse’s respect is now live! If you’re interested, you can learn more here: https://shop.equinehelper.com/
  2. @MyFriend1975 [2 likes]: Never seen such bullshit. Search for professional help
  3. @LianésEquineWorld [1 likes]: What if my mare tries to kick me and rear when I try to get on? How do I train that out of her?
  4. @elizabethhillecribbs6673 [1 likes]: I often have the “walking ahead” problem after my lesson is done… I don’t think she’s disrespectful as much as she is excited and temporarily forgets her manners. I “whoah” her, make her wait a tick or two, and then walk slightly ahead of her back to the paddock. She’s a good girl though, and takes the correction well.
  5. @Womanwithblackdog [1 likes]: I think it’s very important to know that if your horse refuses to pick up his right front foot when you want to pick it, it may mean that the left front foot has a problem.
  6. @SilverBackELTorro: Like a giant dog 😂❤❤❤
  7. @Bulgarian-Socialst-Party: 3:44 +3 hint levels for ground work
  8. @ninav7083: He turns around and punts you to the moon... 😆
  9. @RealTraumaHealing: IF YOUR HORSE NIPS YOU DO NOT HIT IT UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES! 

My horse can try and nip. People do not understand that that is also the way they are affectionate to another. 

They have tough skin we do not but they defeat each other around the weather's and stuff gently but gently to them is enough to break your skin. 

I put my hand out flat and tell him to give me a kiss. Horses have nerves in the top of their lips and they use it to investigate everything. 

They get a lot of sensory value out of doing this. So if you let them lick your hand they will be happy and they will get their fill. 

You have to understand that your horse has had a whole life before you have owned it unless you've had it since a fall and you do not know how other people have treated the animal. 

Is groundwork. It is imperative that you get them in the round yard and you dominate them. 

You do not be spiteful to them you change direction a lot and you hit the ground really hard and you chase them if they showed any disrespect whatsoever. 

And they should have one ear on you and one ear on external factors. The head should not be pointing out towards the forest or whatever is around you. You need to get their attention on you. 

The whip is a tool and it should be used to pat them as much as it should be used to direct them and point where you want them to go. 

It is a skill and it needs to be learnt properly. You can also do your dogs the same way and other pack animals will generally respond. 

If you have a cat. Reward with food will make a cat train. Apart from that the cat trains you. 

Thank you for your advice. I respect your point of view.


😂
  10. @lm2519: "I've never seen Tucker put his ears back...if he was a mare, oh my gosh".   😅
  11. @lineaglehorse9615: they don't respect you bc you clearly don't respect them & that irritates the crap outta them or they know something is wrong with you & they don't wanna be around you. they're not idiots. they don't have to respect any human. who do you think YOU are.

horse are herd animal by nature? humans are animals just as well. humans are herded too by other humans 😂
are you stupid. God calls both human & animals creatures because we are beneath Him & in the care of Him. we share the same fate as animals but we're made in the imade of God. so don't look down or talk down to any animals. we were given the same breath. although they were created first.
  12. @Dreaming7777: This video is awkward bc I dno if her horse respects her or not. Is she trying to get him to act disrespectful? It’s confusing lol. I’ve seen her other videos. I don’t like when people use their horses as props. How is the horse supposed to understand that it’s acting?
  13. @Brandt009: I accidentally trained my horse to lifter her leg when I tap it so she lifts it for me
  14. @NazeRat-x6g: 😮
  15. @lorettamccabe1089: Ah your horse Tucker is beautiful 💚💛❤️🙏
  16. @brucejohnson5907: Excellent videos.  I've been watching for years.  Anyone ever wonder what Tucker is thinking?  I would love to see one video with captions of Tucker's thoughts.
  17. @genevievecharlotte3005: May have misunderstood your tips because my horse refuses to run and just wants to drive their Lamborghini Countach LP5000S
  18. @chrisdurig-oq6ve: What if your horse does all of this so well except be he doesn't seem to want to be pet? If he has a halter on he's ok with it. Also he is impossible to catch without grain. With grain it's easy. He is so good in every other way. Walks perfectly with the halter on. Lifts feet easily. So sweet and gentle in hand.
  19. @belindahouley1158: The MOST important thing is knowing how to read your horse ❤
  20. @MamaHand1949: That’s a very pretty horse. Is he roan?

- How To Build A Relationship With A Horse: Kind: captions Language: en do you ever feel like your horse just maybe doesn't like you or they don't want to be around you well just about every horse rider has probably felt this at one point or another whether you're getting your first horse or you already have a horse building your relationship can help you both feel confident and trusting around each other so that's what I'm going to cover today my first point to building a better relationship with your horse is just to chill out so what I mean by this is often times in the horse world we are very focused on what we're doing if we're not competing then we need to be training and if we're not training we need to be competing so that leaves no time for just spending time with your horse and just relaxing and letting your horse relax let's say you made a new friend but every time you see this person they're asking you to do something how many of you would really want to spend time with them I know I wouldn't so we got to remember this about horses too if we're just constantly asking them to do something then they're probably just going to associate us with that they're not going to look at us as like a friend or someone they want to spend time with when it comes to bonding with your horse especially if it's your first horse instead of just jumping right into work it's a great idea to just let them chill out around you so that they learn that you're not really going to force them to do anything or you're not just going to make them work every time you see them so there's a few different things you can do one is just letting them eat horses love to eat so this is a great place to start if the horse can learn that I'm going to get them and feed them or let them Grace the horse is going to start being like Oh that's the lady who has food another thing you can do is work on grooming your horse or just relaxing maybe taking them on a leisurely walk this is getting your horse used to being in your presence without having the obligation of work probably one of the best ways you can better your relationship with your horse is spending quality time with them so just like with humans you know we get to know each other by spending time with each other just like when I went and I first met my husband I spent a lot of time with him before he actually became my husband so same thing with your horse if you want your horse to learn to trust you know who you are want to be around you the first first thing you need to do is spend time with them when I talk about quality time with your horse the best way you can spend time with them is on the ground where you're face to face rather than you being on the back of the horse the horse really doesn't get to know you from you being on their back they get to know you when you're on the ground and they can communicate with you this way by spending time with your horse you're also going to learn how your horse communicates and what they like and what they don't like so this can make training just an overall easier process when I say spend quality time with your horse this doesn't mean you have to spend hours on in with them at a time this can actually lead to your horse becoming disinterested and want to go do something else so even just spending 10 to 15 minutes with them at a time where you're just on the ground with them and you can be grooming them leaning them around doing something fun other than riding that can be a great way for them to get to know you another great way to build a relationship with your horse is through groundw work so groundwork is working your horse on the ground or doing anything with your horse on the ground this allows you to really develop a relationship ship face to face rather than you on the horse's back it's a great way to teach your horse how you're going to communicate with them and what you expect out of them one of the best things groundwork is going to do is teach both of you how to be comfortable around one another it's going to teach your horse to trust you and you being around them while it's also going to teach you to be confident around your horse that's why groundw work is so important but sadly it's often overlooked when it comes to building a relationship with your horse gror is known as the foundation of horse training and because it's so important I created an online course that walks you through really simple groundwork exercises that you can do with your horse but that's really going to make a difference between your relationship go to shop.in helper.com or click the link in the description to check it out another great way to build a relationship with your horse is simply to do things they enjoy so this can really come in handy when it comes to riding your horse so riding can become very monotonous especially if you're training for something in particular horses can quickly become bored with this and when this happens they may display behaviors like not coming to in the pasture or maybe they just want to go back to the barn when being ridden or they become sour and develop negative behaviors when they're being ridden by adding things you know your horse enjoys to your routine whether you're riding around the ground it can really make them want to be around you this doesn't mean you have to completely drop your training and everything you've worked towards instead just throughout the week try adding something in that you know your horse will like to do so for example throughout the week me and Tucker will work on things we're focused on but then at the end of each session I take him down to the bottom field and we go for a caner or a gallop and he just loves that and I can tell he really likes it and so I try to add that into the routine so I know it's something that he will enjoy another tip for bettering your relationship with your horse is to constantly be challenging yourself if you never challenge yourself you're really going to become stagnant when it comes to your own ability and your ability to build a relationship with your horse new challenges provides you the opportunity to show your horse that they can trust you that you can help them work through a situation a few different ways you can challenge yourself in your horse is by desensitizing and getting them used to new objects maybe it's going over a scary jump that you've never gone over before or trying a new discipline you've never tried it could even be going on your first trail ride with your new horse so while these things may be out of your comfort zone it's a great opportunity to grow as a rider and grow as a leader for your horse I do highly recommend if it is something out of your comfort zone to have a riding instructor to help you through it and help you through communicating with your horse through that situation we talked about groundwork earlier so groundwork is perfect for getting your horse through these new challenges it enables you to work your horse in a controlled environment and introduce them to these new things on the ground before you do it on their back I have a online course that shs really easy groundwork exercises you can do with your horse to help you get through these new challenges in this course I break it down step by step and walk you through exactly how to do do these exercises with your horse so you can go right out to the barn and try them yourself I also include quizzes and homework that help the information that you're learning sync in so if you're interested go to shop.on helper.com subscribe

  Top Comments:
  1. @EdwardStrishock [2 likes]: I built my friendship with catching everyday and grooming,   then changed to ground work,  and working on small issues found through grooming. Ie.  Fly spray bottle, crinkling a empty water bottle
  2. @KentrYT [2 likes]: Umazing!
  3. @melindariddle6042 [2 likes]: Build trust, have fun scratches are usually always enjoyable.
  4. @yomommasukks-u9e [2 likes]: Take it out to dinner.
  5. @themallimalli [1 likes]: Your thumbnail brought me here - that's literally me 😂
Thank you for the tips! I'll start chillin with ma horse some more ❤
  6. @garym-uc3pp [1 likes]: Carmella just found you on YouTube.... love your videos... you've taught me so much about horse's and now I understand so much more about horses...thank you
  7. @billieallor: I just adopted a horse from a rescue and although she is very sweet, I definitely feel from her that the only interaction she has had is when she is worked.  So I go out several times a day just to give her a treat; then at night I groom her in the stall loose. I am learning what she likes/ dislikes.  I feel like she has never gotten a chance to “enjoy “ being groomed.  So far things are going great!!! ❤❤❤
  8. @amberwidenhofer1626: That thumbnail is hilarious
  9. @90sNostalgiaBlaster: 3:23 cat cameo
  10. @Sophia-r2z1o: I just got my horse last year my horses in my profile picture and she doesn’t really like me like it takes me a while to catch her so I’m gonna try this video
  11. @aubreyhudson1380: What if my horse doesn’t like me in her stall or like next to her without treats. I groom her and she doesn’t like it unless I have a halter on. I spend like 10-15 mins with her after I ride. She doesn’t like anything except walking on a field but we do that really rarely and there is no way to do it more. I can do ground work because I am young and in school + I have trainers who turn her out. I will see if desensitizing her will help.
  12. @PhatPhinx: thanks for taking the time to make this video <3
  13. @ItzOlivia_animallover: The horse I ride, pins his ears back when he's touched
He doesn't bite or kick (he does try to nip my butt when picking his hooves) he loves food but after giving him food, he goes back to looking cranky and not liking me 😅
  14. @francegros4293: Very good and interesting video 👍
  15. @MatthewRobbins_6: And he refuses to have a saddle on it
  16. @MatthewRobbins_6: What do I do if the horse I want to make it a relationship when it was less six years ago, broke my papa’s ribs
  17. @SocialNomad-p1l: I really wud not love a lady who makes me run on the field with a whip in her hand😂
  18. @abdulrahamanNashipur: What is the breed of you're horse
  19. @AlNoorStudFarmDiaries: To Watch pakistani gorgeous horses,visit "Village Life Vibes"
  20. @penttimuhli9442: Your horse only interacts with you for food, apart from that you are nothing to them.
Get used to it 🙂

- How To Make Friends With A Horse 🐴 Easy peasy 💚: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] welcome back to home is where our heart is if you haven't already check out our latest horsing around video kids beginners riding lesson thank you so much for your like comments and subscribe from that last video it's greedy overwhelmed I like thank you today we are going to be looking at how friend your horse's body language horses can't speak English but they can express themselves and tell you how they feel for the way they move their body horses use body language to talk to each other and we can study our horses and learn their language pointing backwards and if they were really flat back like this hinge head that would mean he's very annoyed and it's good to be able to recognize that explain easiest le that's a great position so when we want to be training and teaching slightly down and their nostrils are slightly flared means that they're a bit scared of something and it's really good to know this because it means we could then have empathy and we can reassure them let them know it's okay in this system it's actually the kids over there so it's not really anything to be doing scared about our fee but it is an unusual object alright guys so when you first approachable you want to let him smell you fingers down his eyes which means that their vision is obscured right in front of their face come right to the front of Decatur so if we went in and we can straight from here this vision comes around you can see me they horses have an amazing sense of smell when they greet each other in this field they'll often blow on each other's noses and hopefully you can see him they're taking in the smell of my breath and understanding more about me just simply through the smell you can tell how healthy I am whether I'm a girl or a boy by their I'm pregnant yes I am baby in there you can pick all this up just for my breath another way to make friends of your loss is simply stand at their shoulder a really good scratch on top of their Withers and this releases endorphins into their brain feel good feelings in nature horses or sand head-to-head with each other and scratch but only horses that are friends the next thing we want to do making friends in our horse is release the pressure and just turn away feel a lot of pressure from other animals such as lions and bears and by turning your back away just relaxing you're letting them know that you're not a threat it makes me feel comfortable around you and I don't have to read his body language and have empathy and understanding about how he's feeling you can start to train them so we're gonna use our release of pressure just to show you to greater his boundaries with her face we want him to be this is a bit too close I'm just gonna wiggle the rope adding a bit of pressure now when he moves back I took the pressure away but he knew and he now knows that thing that means to come out of my space and that release of pressure is called negative reinforcement a really good way of rewarding your heart now that we've spent some time in the field just relaxing and hanging out having a go at giving him something that he might like by giving them something they really great way to reward your horse I just use simple low-calorie polina we've trained to cater when I stand by his shoulder he looks away from me making friends by being consistent in what you expect from your horse I'm building a strong communication

  Top Comments:
  1. @mommykimberlysadventures954 [1 likes]: Awwwww this is soooo beautiful our daughter Kimberly would love to ride a horse one day ❤ that's so much for sharing ❤ beautiful horse n place sis have a bless night prayers and peace
  2. @mattiusvalentine3199: What a lucky horse you have there.  Thank you for your tips.  I live on a property with a mini horse and have been learning how to make friends.  I’m sure they are the same, no matter the size.  Appreciate your video!
  3. @savannahpipilottajenssen: Sooo beautiful!! Everything is calm and relaxed, but very clear at the same time. I love your vibe, so natural, loving and authentic - thanks a lot ☀️🐴🌳🌾🌼🙏
  4. @cat._.herine._.rose_.: Hi I have a horse she is my patient
Can you check my cannel
I need help 😁🐎🐎
  5. @TheLateshowTime: Excellent...I'm trying to make friends with a Welsh cob  first time over in the field
  6. @rosebud1958: Thank you so much, congrats on the new baby now around 2 years I believe 👶.  I went from City life to country life, in a snap!!!  Had to move due to life situations!!! Family has a ranch!! Wow!! This video helped me sooo much. There are 3 horses 1 regular size, 2 ponies omg its amazing. 13 chicken 6 goats 2 baby goats. 1 goose 2 donkeys' one just gave birth one week ago so 3 donkeys. I'm still in shock!! was living rt next to a major Air Port hearing Jet planes the exhaust coming down or what ever its called, probably cant be good for you. Its !!so quite here. Blessed beyond. All Glory to God he saved me once again.
  7. @ALoonwolf: I wasn't planning on it, and I have no intention of riding or training horses. Like all the friends I encounter they just decided they wanted to hang out with me. I'll impress them next time with my horse social skills. :)
  8. @lauraalbertson7821: I thought you did a wonderful job showing us how to be a friend to our Horse.  I have a Gypsy Cross Paint . 6 months old . Just arrived 3 weeks ago.   You encouraged me .  I have been doing what you taunts in this video.  Lots of petting .  A little leading with neck rope and halter rope .   I watch the ears to see if Little Bear ( that’s His Name ).  Is annoyed at me .  Just doing baby steps .  I don’t know what treats to give him at 6 months old .  Your Horses  are stunning 🌟Any other tips to keep me having a happy relationship and a happy Horse ,  please comment back .  I like your sweet heart 💜 Laura and Little Bear 💜🐴 from California 🇺🇸
  9. @DeathRiel.Atelier: This place is so beautiful as well, where is is? 😍
  10. @dennisowen5614: My hearing is not so good.  What did you give the horse as a treat?
  11. @horsesafarimarwad4314: Well come village horse safari in rajasthan India contact me stay my form without pay one time well come
  12. @horsesafarimarwad4314: Well come village horse safari in rajasthan India contact me stay my form without pay one time well come my contacts number 09660375219
  13. @eakinj: That is a beautiful horse.  A friend of mine used to own a ranch and it's funny they get jealous. So I spent a few times trying to get the horses attention (If I remember his name was Utah) but would always walk away and had no interest in my existence. My friend boarded someone elses horse and it was really into people. So one day I'm over there with the horse they were holding for friends and gave it attention. As soon as I walked into the other lot where Utah was, who was sitting there watching this other horse get attention, he immediately ran up to me and nudged me. At first I thought I was about to be trampled but he stopped and pushed against me. and from that point on when I was over Utah would always come up to me. Miss that horse, this was good lord, 35 years ago? time flies. anyway great video!! :)
  14. @pattypop52: Hello Stella , i just read your comment on my vid, about beetroot. So i came over & watching telling how to make friends with a horse. On my bucket list, is to ride a horse, for the 1st time. I have never & am going to be 68 June 5th..Now that i lost 88 lbs, i probably won't hurt one. Nice to learn some hints how to make friends. Beautiful horses and the country side. tnx for sharing .. take care 🙏💪🏻👍🏻💙❤️
  15. @Theyoutuberpolyglot: I like horses.
I rode one last year. 
Horses are sensitive creatures.
I have a penchant for animals.
Thanks for the video.
  16. @grounds4life: Oh Wow! Beautiful horses!
  17. @MiasCakes6878: I am sure it would be a lot of great adventures of having a one best buddy friend like yours.  Wish I have one too. Your horse is so beautiful dear.
  18. @FabrizioZago: Great series of tips, I'll try to apply some of them next time I'll approach a horse.
  19. @puh81: Nice video. Like and support :)
  20. @RJinspire: Making friends with a horse, I had to watch this one lol, lovely video. Stella sounds just like Katie Price, very strange to have the exact voice, tone and accent

- Why Do We Still Race Horses? | Documentary For Sleep: Kind: captions Language: en Dawn breaks over Kentucky blueg grass, mist rising from rolling hills as the first light catches dew drops like scattered diamonds. In the distance you hear it, the rhythmic thunder of hooves against earth, a sound that's echoed across centuries and continents. Magnificent thorbreds stretch their legs in morning workouts, their breath visible in the cool air. muscles rippling beneath gleaming coats as they move with a grace that seems almost otherworldly. Did you know that a racehorse's heart can weigh up to 14 lb, nearly four times larger than a human heart? Or that they can reach speeds of up to 55 mph, faster than most cars travel through city streets? These incredible athletes have captured human imagination for over 4,000 years, creating a sport where tradition meets thunderous excitement, where bloodlines carry stories of triumph spanning generations. Tonight, we're settling in for the complete story of horse racing. From ancient chariot wheels to modern photo finishes, following the thunderous hoof beatats that have echoed through centuries of human dreams and competition. So pull your softest blanket a little closer. Let the day's worries fade away. And join me as we wander through moonlit paddics and morning training grounds where legends are born. Long before the first official racetrack was ever built, humans and horses were writing their intertwined story across the vast canvas of history. Close your eyes and imagine yourself transported back 30,000 years. Standing in the flickering shadows of a cave in Lasco, France by fire light, an ancient artist carefully draws the profile of a horse on the stone wall, muscular neck arched, legs captured midgallop. These weren't just pictures. They were love letters to a relationship that would reshape civilization. The partnership between humans and horses began not with racing, but with survival. Around 6,000 years ago, on the windswept steps of Central Asia, nomadic peoples first climbed onto the backs of wild horses. Picture those early riders, hearts pounding as they felt the raw power beneath them, the wind whipping through their hair as they experienced speed unlike anything our species had ever known. It must have felt like flying. But it was the ancient civilizations that transformed this partnership into competition. In Mesopotamia around 4,000 years ago, the first chariot races thundered through dusty arenas. These weren't the elegant thorbred contests we know today. They were spectacles of raw power and danger. Four-horse teams called quadrigas pulled lightweight war chariots around tracks while crowds roared their approval. The sound must have been incredible. Wooden wheels grinding against dirt, the snorting of horses, the crack of whips, and the deafening cheers of thousands. The Greeks elevated horse racing to an art form. At the Olympic Games of 648 BC, chariot racing became one of the most prestigious events. Wealthy citizens would spend fortunes on their teams, much like modern owners invest millions in their stables. The Hippodromeome in ancient Greece could hold up to 40,000 spectators, all on their feet as horses and chariots careened around the track at breakneck speeds. Winners weren't just athletes, they were heroes, their names carved in marble and remembered in epic poems. But perhaps no civilization embraced horse racing quite like Rome. The Circus Maximus, Rome's greatest racing venue, stretched nearly 2,000 ft long and could accommodate an astounding 250,000 spectators. A quarter of a million people gathered to watch horses run. Imagine the energy, the noise, the sheer human drama of it all. Races weren't just entertainment. They were political theater, social events, and religious ceremonies, all rolled into one magnificent spectacle. Roman racing was organized around four factions. The reds, blues, greens, and whites, each with their own loyal followers. Fans would wear their teams colors, place elaborate bets, and sometimes riots would break out between rival supporters. The most successful charioteers became celebrities, earning fortunes and adoration that rivaled modern sports stars. One charioteer named Gaes Dakles reportedly earned the equivalent of billions in today's money during his career. The fall of Rome didn't end horse racing, but it scattered the sport across medieval Europe like seeds on the wind. Norman knights brought racing to England where it gradually evolved from a practical test of war horses into entertainment for the nobility. Medieval tournaments featured horse races alongside jousting, creating a culture where the fastest, most agile horses became symbols of prestige and power. By the 12th century, English monks were breeding horses specifically for speed rather than strength. These early breeding programs conducted in the quiet monasteries of Yorkshire and SuffK laid the groundwork for what would eventually become the modern thoroughbred. The monks kept meticulous records, understanding even then that bloodlines and genetics held the keys to creating the perfect racehorse. In the gentle rolling hills of 17th and 18th century England, a quiet revolution was taking place. One that would create the most magnificent racing animals the world has ever known. This is the story of the thoroughbred, a tale woven from three extraordinary stallions whose bloodlines flow through every racehorse galloping on tracks today. Picture yourself in the year 174 standing in the courtyard of a Yorkshire estate as a magnificent bay stallion is led from his stall. This is the Darly Arabian purchased by Thomas Darly from Bedawin tribes in the Syrian desert. The horse moves with an otherworldly grace, his dark coat gleaming in the morning sun, muscles rippling beneath skin so fine you can see the veins beneath. He stands barely 15 hands high, smaller than most modern raceh horses. Yet there's something unmistakably regal about his bearing. The Darly Arabian story reads like an adventure novel. Deep in the desert, Bedawin horsemen had spent centuries perfecting these Arabian horses, breeding for speed, endurance, and that indefinable quality called heart. These weren't just horses. They were partners, sleeping in their owner's tents, sharing water during long desert crossings, developing an almost mystical bond with their human companions. When Thomas Darly first saw this particular stallion, he knew he was looking at something special. The second foundation sire, the Godfelin Arabian, arrived in England under even more mysterious circumstances. Originally called Sham, this horse was discovered pulling a water cart through the streets of Paris, a magnificent thorbred reduced to common labor. How he ended up there remains one of racing's great mysteries. Was he stolen, lost in some political upheaval, we may never know. But when Lord Godfin rescued him and brought him to England, this neglected cartor would sire some of the greatest raceh horses in history. The third foundation sire, the Berley Turk, came to England as a spoil of war. Captain Robert Berley rode this dark bay stallion during the Battle of the Boone in 1690, and legend says the horse's speed and agility saved his rider's life multiple times during combat. When peace returned, the captain brought his waror home to Yorkshire, where the stallion's courage and athleticism would be passed down through generations. These three stallions, the Darly Arabian, Godfin Arabian, and Berley Turk, became the foundation of what we now call the Thorbred breed. Every single thoroughbred racing today can trace their lineage back to one of these three remarkable horses. It's a genetic bottleneck that seems impossible. Yet, DNA testing has confirmed this extraordinary legacy. The early English breeders approached their craft with the dedication of artists and the precision of scientists. They kept detailed stud books recording every mating, every fo, every race result. The general stud book first published in 1791 became the thorbreds bible establishing bloodlines and pedigrees that are still consulted today. To be considered a true thorbred, a horse must have an unbroken lineage tracing back to these original foundation sireers. But breeding thoroughbreds isn't simply about genetics. It's about understanding the intangible qualities that separate good horses from great ones. Breeders speak of heart, that mysterious quality that makes one horse fight harder than another when they're neck and neck in the stretch. They look for class, the innate nobility that allows a horse to rise to the occasion in big races. And they seek speed, not just the ability to run fast, but the particular kind of sustained speed that can carry a horse a mile and a quarter while carrying 126 lbs on their back. The romantic names given to thorbreds tell their own stories. Eclipse, born during a solar eclipse in 1764, was perhaps the greatest racehorse of the 18th century. He never lost a race, and his dominant performances led to the famous phrase, "Eclipse first, the rest nowhere." Man of war, the fiery chestnut who captured America's heart in 1920, was so dominant that his very presence would cause betting odds to become meaningless. Secretariat, whose heart was found to weigh 22 lbs after his death, nearly twice the size of a normal thoroughbred heart, still holds the track record for the Kentucky Derby, a record set in 1973. Modern breeding has become incredibly sophisticated with genetic testing, computer analysis, and scientific management replacing much of the intuition that guided early breeders. Stud fees for top stallions can reach $300,000 for a single breeding. And yearling auctions regularly see horses sell for millions of dollars based purely on their breeding potential. Yet for all our scientific advancement, there remains something beautifully mysterious about what makes a great racehorse. You can breed the perfect genetic combination on paper, but you never know if that fo will have the heart of a champion until they step onto the track and face their first real competition. As dawn breaks over training facilities around the world, a daily ritual as old as racing itself begins to unfold. The morning mist hangs low over perfectly manicured tracks, and the air carries that distinctive scent of hay, leather, and horse. A perfume that trainers say gets into your blood and never leaves. Picture yourself at 5:00 a.m. at a major training center like New Market in England or Keland in Kentucky. The world is still mostly asleep, but here the day's most important work is just beginning. Stable hands move quietly between stalls, their footsteps muffled by thick bedding. The horses are already alert, some wickering softly as they hear the familiar sounds of morning routine. These athletes know their schedule as well as any human competitor, and their anticipation is almost palpable. The relationship between a trainer and their horses is built on thousands of small moments like these. A good trainer can read a horse's mood in the way they hold their ears, diagnose a problem by how they move in their stall, and know exactly when a horse is ready for their biggest challenge. It's part science, part art, and part intuition developed over decades of working with these magnificent athletes. Each horse in training follows a carefully crafted schedule designed to build strength, speed, and stamina while avoiding injury. Young horses fresh from the breeding farms begin with long, slow gallops that build their cardiovascular systems and strengthen their bones. The training track surface beneath their hooves has been carefully prepared. Not too hard, not too soft, providing the perfect balance of cushioning and responsiveness. Watch a horse during their morning workout and you'll see poetry in motion. Their hooves strike the ground in a four beat rhythm. Left hind, left four, right, right four, creating a percussion that echoes across the countryside. Steam rises from their coats as they warm up, their breath visible in the cool morning air. The jockey sits quietly, hands steady, feeling every stride, every change in rhythm, communicating through subtle shifts in weight and pressure. Training isn't just about physical conditioning. It's about education. Young horses must learn to break cleanly from the starting gate, a skill that can make the difference between winning and losing. They practice in mock races called breezes, where they're asked to run at specific speeds for measured distances. Exercise riders and trainers watch with stopwatches, noting every fraction of a second, looking for signs of improvement or fatigue. The daily routine varies by season and the horse's stage of development. Spring training focuses on building fitness after winter rest. Summer brings serious speed work as horses prepare for major racing campaigns. Fall might mean active rest for some horses while others prepare for year-end championships. Winter is often a time for healing, reflection, and planning for the year ahead. Nutrition plays a crucial role in training success. A racehorse in training can consume 20 minutes 25 lbs of hay and 10 minutes 12 lbs of grain daily along with carefully measured supplements designed to support bone growth, muscle development, and overall health. The science of equin nutrition has advanced dramatically with feeds tailored to individual horses needs and digestive systems. Recovery is just as important as work. After training sessions, horses are cooled down slowly, walking until their heart rates return to normal. Many receive ice baths for their legs, helping prevent inflammation and promote healing. Massage therapy, once considered a luxury, is now standard practice at most top training facilities. The psychological aspect of training is equally important. Horses are intelligent, sensitive animals who can sense stress, excitement, and confidence from their human handlers. A nervous trainer often produces nervous horses, while calm, confident leadership creates relaxed, focused athletes. The best trainers understand that their emotional state directly affects their hor's performance. Training facilities themselves have evolved into sophisticated operations. Modern barns feature climate control, specialized footing, swimming pools for aquaotherapy, and even equin treadmills for controlled exercise. Security systems monitor horses 24/7. And veterinary clinics on site can address any health concerns immediately. But perhaps the most important element in any training operation is the deep bond between humans and horses. Grooms who care for the same horses day after day develop relationships that transcend the professional. They know which horse likes their ears scratched, which one is grumpy before breakfast, and which one needs extra encouragement on cold mornings. These relationships built on trust and routine create the foundation for racing success. In the quiet hours before dawn, while most of the world sleeps, jockeys begin their daily battle with the scale. These athletes, some of the smallest in professional sports, must maintain weights that would challenge many teenagers, all while possessing the strength and skill to control 1,200 lb thorbreds traveling at 40 mph. Picture a jockeyy's life. Standing barely five feet tall, weighing less than most jockeyies saddles, yet commanding million-dollar raceh horses with nothing more than subtle shifts in balance and gentle pressure from the reinss. It's a profession that demands the reflexes of a fighter pilot, the fitness of a marathon runner, and the courage of a lion tamer, all wrapped in a package small enough to give a thoroughbred the best possible chance to run fast. The iconic racing silks that jockeys wear tell stories reaching back centuries. Each set of colors belongs to a specific owner, registered and protected like a trademark. The tradition began in New Market, England, where the confusion of numerous writers in similar attire led to the requirement that each owner register distinctive colors and patterns. Today, these silks are works of art, bright emerald green with gold stars. Royal purple with silver stripes, crimson and white checkered patterns that flash like jewels as horses thunder around the track. Some silks carry legendary histories. The Aakon's green and chocolate brown colors have graced winners of the derby for over a century. The distinctive pink and green of Alan Pollson's colors were synonymous with champion horses throughout the 1980s and '90s. When a jockey pulls on these silks, they're wearing history, tradition, and the dreams of everyone connected to that horse. The physical demands on jockeys are extraordinary and often misunderstood. Maintaining racing weight, typically between 108 and 118 lbs for most riders, requires constant vigilance. Many jockeys start their days in sas, sweating off excess weight before heading to the track. Their diets are carefully managed, often consisting of small, protein-rich meals that provide energy without excess calories. But it's not just about being small. Jockeys need tremendous core strength to maintain their balance while crouched in racing position for a mile or more. Their arms and hands must be strong enough to control powerful horses, yet sensitive enough to feel the slightest change in a horse's stride. Their reflexes must be lightning quick. The difference between a clean trip and a dangerous spill often comes down to split-second decisions. The mental aspect of race riding is equally demanding. Jockey must memorize detailed instructions for each horse they ride, when to make their move, how to position the horse, what kind of pace to set. They study past performances, track conditions, and their competition. developing race strategies that might change in an instant based on how the race unfolds. During a race, jockeys process information at incredible speeds. They monitor their horses breathing and stride pattern, track the positions of other horses, judge the pace, calculate remaining distance, and make tactical decisions, all while traveling at speeds that would terrify most people. The margin for error is virtually non-existent. Communication between horse and jockey is subtle and profound. Experienced riders develop an almost telepathic connection with their mounts, sensing when a horse is ready to accelerate, when they need encouragement, or when they're reaching their limit. The best jockeyies seem to become one with their horses, moving in perfect harmony as they navigate through traffic and time, their final surge to the wire. The dangers of race riding cannot be understated. Every time jockeys climb aboard a racehorse, they accept risks that would be unacceptable in most other professions. Falls are an inevitable part of the sport. And while safety equipment has improved dramatically with better helmets, protective vests, and safer track surfaces, the risk remains real and everpresent. Legendary jockeyies become household names. Their careers defined by great horses and greater moments. Eddie Araro, who won the Kentucky Derby five times, was known for his tactical brilliance and ice gold nerves. Bill Shoemaker, who stood just 411 and weighed 95 lbs, rode more winners than any jockey in history at the time of his retirement. More recently, writers like Jerry Bailey and Pat Day combined longevity with championship level performance, proving that great jockeyies are athletes in every sense of the word. The lifestyle of a jockey is nomadic and demanding. Top riders travel constantly, flying from track to track, sometimes riding at multiple venues on the same day. They maintain homes in various racing centers, living out of suitcases for much of the year. Family life is challenging when your office is a racetrack, and your schedule is determined by racing seasons that span the globe. Apprentice jockeyies, known as bug riders, because of the asterisk that appears next to their names in racing programs, serve apprenticeships that can last several years. They learn their craft under the guidance of veteran riders, starting with less competitive races and gradually working their way up to stakes competition. The learning curve is steep and only a small percentage of apprentices develop into successful journeyman riders. Some places hold magic in their very soil. And nowhere is this more true than at the world's great racetracks. These venues aren't just sporting facilities. their cathedrals of competition where legends are born and dreams take flight on the wings of thoroughbred speed. Let's begin our journey at Churchill Downs, the most iconic racing venue in America, where the Kentucky Derby has been run on the first Saturday in May since 1875. Picture yourself walking through the stable area on Derby morning, the air electric with anticipation. The famous twin spires rise against the Kentucky sky like sentinels watching over racing history. The track surface has been groomed to perfection. Each grain of dirt carefully considered, watered, and prepared for the 150th running of what they call the most exciting 2 minutes in sports. The infield at Churchill Downs on Derby Day transforms into a festival unlike anything else in sports. Over 100,000 people gather, many wearing elaborate hats and sipping mint jeulips from commemorative glasses. The jeulip itself tells a story. Borbin, fresh mint, sugar, and crushed ice served in a silver cup that grows beautifully frosted in the Louisville humidity. The tradition dates back to the race's earliest days when Kentucky Bourbon distillers saw an opportunity to showcase their product to visitors from around the world. But Churchill Downs is more than just the Derby. Walking through the facility, you're surrounded by history. The Kentucky Derby Museum houses artifacts from racing's greatest moments. Silks worn by legendary jockeyies, horseshoes from famous winners, and the actual starting gate used in Secretariat's record-breaking 1973 Derby victory. The walls seem to whisper stories of triumph and heartbreak, of long shots that became legends and favorites that fell just short of immortality. Cross the Atlantic to Royal Ascot, where racing meets royal pageantry in a display of British tradition that has remained largely unchanged for over 300 years. Imagine arriving at this Birkshshire racecourse during royal week when the queen's procession still makes its way down the straight course each day before racing begins. The dress code is strict morning suits for men in the royal enclosure. Elegant dresses and elaborate hats for women. It's a throwback to an era when racing was the sport of kings and queens. Quite literally, the royal enclosure at Ascot represents the pinnacle of racing's social scene. To gain admission, prospective members must be sponsored by someone who has held membership for at least four years, and their application is subject to approval by Her Majesty's representative. Its exclusivity on a level that makes country club membership seem casual by comparison. Yet, this tradition creates an atmosphere unlike anywhere else in racing, where the sports heritage is preserved and celebrated with genuine reverence. Epsom Downs, home of the Derby since 1780, offers a completely different experience. This is racing in its most natural setting where horses navigate the unique challenges of a track that slopes and turns unlike any other. The famous Tatnam Corner has ended the dreams of countless horses and jockeyies who misjudged its camber and gradient. Winning the Epsom Derby requires not just speed, but tactical awareness and the ability to handle a course that many consider the ultimate test of a thoroughbred's class and ability. In France, Long Champ presents racing as high art. Located in the boys de Bulone in Paris, this track has witnessed some of the greatest international competitions in racing history. The Predark de Triumph run here each October brings together the best horses from Europe and beyond for what many consider the world's most prestigious weight for age race. The prize money is substantial, but it's the prestige of victory that draws connections from around the globe. Each great racetrack has its own personality shaped by geography, history, and tradition. Belmont Park with its sweeping turns and long homestretch has been the graveyard of Triple Crown dreams and the site of Secretariat's breathtaking 31-length victory in the 1973 Belmont Stakes. Saratoga, the graveyard of favorites, maintains an oldworld charm with its Victorian grandstand and treeland paddock, where horses are saddled in the shade of ancient elms. Australia's Flemington Racecourse, home of the Melbourne Cup, transforms the entire nation into racing fans for one day each November. The Melbourne Cup, the race that stops a nation, is a public holiday in Victoria, and millions of Australians gather around televisions, radios, and at racetracks across the continent to watch this two-mile test of stamina and class. Tokyo Racecourse represents racing's modern evolution where technology and tradition blend seamlessly. The Japan Cup run here each November showcases the incredible improvement in Japanese breeding and training that has made their horses competitive on the world stage. The facility itself is a marvel of engineering, accommodating over 200,000 spectators while maintaining an intimate atmosphere where fans can closely observe the horses and jockeys. The architecture of great racetracks tells its own story. Older facilities like New Market and York in England reflect centuries of gradual development, their buildings growing organically as the sport evolved. Modern tracks like Santa Anita and Delmare in California were designed as complete entertainment destinations. Their art deco and Spanish colonial revival architecture reflecting the glamour of Hollywood's golden age. Weather adds another layer to racetrack character. The morning mist at Saratoga rolling off the nearby Aderandic mountains creates an almost mystical atmosphere during training hours. The wind at Santaita flowing down from the San Gabriel Mountains can influence race outcomes as jockeys adjust their tactics based on headwinds and tailwinds. The occasional snow at Aqueduct or Laurel transforms familiar tracks into winter wonderlands where horses seem to relish the challenge of racing in conditions their ancestors never imagined. In the pantheon of sporting achievements, few moments can match the raw emotional power of a great horse race. These aren't just competitions. They're threeinut dramas where years of preparation, breeding, and dreams collide in thunderous spectacle that can elevate athletes to immortality or reduce champions to footnotes. Let's begin with perhaps the most legendary performance in racing history. Secretariat's demolition of the field in the 1973 Belmont Stakes. Picture that sweltering June afternoon at Belmont Park with 69,138 people packed into every available space, all hoping to witness history. Secretariat entered the race needing only this victory to become the first Triple Crown winner in 25 years. But no one, absolutely no one, was prepared for what unfolded. As the field rounded the far turn, Secretariat was running comfortably in third, seemingly cruising while his jockey Ron Turkot sat motionless in the saddle. Then, as they approached the stretch, something magical happened. Turkot asked his mount for speed, and Secretariat responded with such devastating acceleration that he seemed to shift into another gear entirely. He drew away from his competitors, not gradually, but in great bounds, each stride carrying him further into racing immortality. By the wire, Secretariat had won by 31 lengths, a margin so dominant it looked like a mistake on the scoreboard. More remarkably, he had run the mile and a half in 224, a track record that still stands today and may never be broken. The track announcer, usually reserved in his calls, abandoned all pretense of objectivity. Secretariat is widening now. He is moving like a tremendous machine. The crowd's roar was deafening, a sound that seemed to come from somewhere deeper than mere enthusiasm. It was the sound of people witnessing something they knew they would remember for the rest of their lives. But great races aren't always about dominant victories. Sometimes they're about courage, determination, and the refusal to accept defeat. Consider the 1978 Belmont Stakes when affirmed and Allidar staged perhaps the greatest stretch duel in racing history. These two horses had been rivals since their maiden races as two-year-olds. And by the time they reached the Belmont, they had split the first two legs of the Triple Crown between them. For over a mile they ran as a team, neither able to gain a decisive advantage. Down the backstretch they raced stride for stride, their breathing synchronized, their hoof beatats creating a single rhythm. Into the far turn they battled, neither giving an inch, while 65,000 spectators rose to their feet and began screaming encouragement. In the stretch, Allidar made his move, drawing even with Affirmed, and looking for all the world like he would finally get his revenge. But Affirmed, under a masterful ride from Steve Cenne, found something extra in the final 16th of a mile. Not a devastating kick like Secretariat, but rather a grinding determination that simply refused to let another horse pass. At the wire, a firmed one by a head, barely 6 in after a mile and a half of racing. Both horses had given everything, their times fast enough to win most Belmont stakes in history, but only one could be remembered as a triple crown winner. International racing has produced its own legendary moments. At Epsom in 1981, Sugar won the Derby by 10 lengths in a performance so dominant that it silenced the massive crowd. The Colt ran as if the other horses were standing still. His fluid stride, eating up the challenging Epsom course with an ease that made the difficult track look like a training gallop. Tragically, Sugar was later kidnapped from his stud farm in Ireland and never seen again, adding an element of mystery to his racing legend. The Preda Triumph has witnessed some of racing's most emotional victories. In 1965, Seabird's victory established him as one of the greatest raceh horses of all time. his sixlength margin over a field of international stars still talked about by racing enthusiasts today. More recently, Enable's back-to-back arc victories in 2017 and 2018 demonstrated the kind of consistency and class that separates good horses from great ones. Sometimes the greatest races are defined not by winners, but by acts of courage that transcend sport entirely. In the 2006 Breeders Cup Classic, Barbaro's jockey, Edgar Praau, made a split-second decision that likely saved both their lives. When Barbaro shattered his leg just steps after the start, Praau could have panicked or tried to jump off. Instead, he stayed calm, gradually slowing the injured horse while maintaining his balance and preventing a catastrophic fall that could have injured other horses and jockeyies. The Melbourne Cup has produced its share of memorable finishes, but perhaps none more dramatic than Mach Diva's unprecedented third consecutive victory in 2005. Racing in Australia stops for the Melbourne Cup. And on this particular day, an entire nation held its breath as their beloved mayor battled down the stretch against younger, fresher opponents. When she found that final burst of speed to win by a length and a quarter, the celebration was audible from Perth to Brisbane. Weather often adds drama to great racing moments. The 1973 Kentucky Derby was run in slop with horses splashing through puddles as they rounded the turns. Secretariat starting from the far outside post demonstrated his versatility by adapting his running style to the conditions, settling off the pace before making his winning move. Similarly, the fog shrouded 1985 Breeders Cup at Aqueduct created an almost mystical atmosphere where horses would disappear into the mist on the backstretch before emerging like ghosts in the home stretch. Photo finishes provide their own special drama. Those moments when modern technology must determine what the human eye cannot. The 1962 Traverse Stakes at Saratoga required multiple photo examinations before officials could determine that Jaipore had defeated Ridden by a nose in what many consider the greatest match race of the modern era. For several minutes, no one knew who had won. And when the result was finally announced, both horses had established themselves as champions regardless of the outcome. But perhaps the most poignant great race was War Admiral versus Sebiscuit in the 1938 Pimlo special. A match race that captured America's attention during the Great Depression. These two horses represented different American dreams. War Admiral, the aristocratic triple crown winner, and Cibbuscuitt, the workingclass hero who had overcome early failures to become a champion. When Cbiscuit pulled away in the stretch to win by four lengths, it felt like more than a horse race. It felt like validation that persistence and heart could overcome breeding and privilege. Like all sports that push athletes to their physical limits, horse racing faces complex challenges that require honest examination and thoughtful solutions. The sport that brings such joy and excitement also carries responsibilities, to the horses who trust their lives to human judgment, to the people whose livelihoods depend on racing success, and to a public that expects the highest standards of care and integrity. The most serious concern in modern racing centers on equin safety. Every time a horse breaks down on the track, the entire sport feels the weight of that loss. These aren't just statistics. They're individual animals with names, personalities, and connections to humans who care deeply about their welfare. Behind every injury is a groom who knew that horse's quirks and habits, a trainer who planned their campaign with careful attention, and often an owner who saw potential and promise in a young prospect. Racing's response to safety concerns has been comprehensive and ongoing. Modern tracks have invested millions in safer racing surfaces, studying everything from cushion depth to moisture content to find the optimal combination of speed and safety. Synthetic surfaces like Polyra and Tapeta have been installed at numerous facilities showing promising results in reducing injury rates. The science of track maintenance has become incredibly sophisticated with moisture meters, compaction tests, and daily surface analysis ensuring consistent safe racing conditions. Veterinary oversight has expanded dramatically. Pre-race examinations are more thorough with veterinarians checking not just for obvious lameness, but for subtle signs of discomfort that might indicate developing problems. Post-RA examinations ensure that horses who finish their races safely are monitored for any delayed onset issues. Some jurisdictions have implemented out of competition testing, examining horses during training to catch problems before they reach the track. Medication reform represents one of racing's most significant regulatory changes in recent decades. The sport has moved steadily towards stricter rules regarding therapeutic medications with longer withdrawal times and more sophisticated testing procedures. The goal is to ensure that horses compete on their natural ability rather than pharmaceutical enhancement while still allowing for the treatment of minor conditions that don't affect racing performance. The development of the Horse Racing Integrity and Safety Authority, HISA, in the United States represents a revolutionary approach to regulation. This federal oversight body has implemented uniform rules across all American racing jurisdictions, ending the confusing patchwork of state-by-state regulations that previously governed the sport. While the transition has been challenging, the long-term benefits of consistent science-based rules should improve both safety and public confidence. Retirement planning for raceh horses has become a major focus throughout the industry. Organizations like the retired racehorse project and old friends farm have demonstrated that thoroughbredads can excel in second careers ranging from show jumping to police work to therapeutic riding programs. The thoroughbred afterare alliance accredits organizations that care for x-ra horses ensuring that the sports athletes receive proper care after their competitive careers end. Economic pressures present another set of challenges. Rising costs for everything from feed to insurance to veterinary care have made racing more expensive to participate in, potentially limiting ownership opportunities to only the wealthiest participants. Smaller tracks struggle to compete with major racing centers for both horses and fans, leading to a concentration of quality racing at a few premier venues. The breeding industry faces its own economic realities. Stud fees for top stallions have reached astronomical levels, creating pressure to breed to fashionable sireers rather than making outcrosses that might improve the breed's genetic diversity. Some experts worry about the narrowing of the gene pool and the potential long-term consequences for thoroughbred health and soundness. Gambling integrity remains paramount to racing's credibility. Modern betting systems are monitored by sophisticated computer programs that can detect unusual wagering patterns within minutes. Stewards and racing officials have access to multiple camera angles and slow motion replay technology that allows them to make more accurate decisions about race outcomes. International cooperation between racing jurisdictions has improved the sharing of information about banned individuals and suspicious activities. The sport has also grappled with changing social attitudes toward animal welfare and gambling. Racing organizations have invested heavily in education programs that explain the care and training that goes into developing raceh horses, emphasizing the deep bonds between horses and their human connections. These efforts help counter misconceptions about the sport while highlighting the genuine affection and respect that most racing participants have for their equin athletes. Technology offers both challenges and opportunities. While advanced monitoring systems and medical devices improve horse care, they also raise questions about fairness and tradition. Some jurisdictions allow GPS tracking devices during training, providing valuable data about horses fitness and workload. Others resist such innovations, preferring to rely on traditional methods of conditioning and evaluation. Diversity and inclusion have become important focuses for racing's future. The sport has historically been dominated by certain demographic groups, but initiatives to introduce racing to more diverse communities are showing promising results. Programs like the Godfin Flying Start provide international training opportunities for young people interested in racing careers, while scholarship programs help remove financial barriers to industry participation. Environmental responsibility has emerged as another important consideration. Racetracks consume significant amounts of water for track maintenance and landscaping, leading to conservation efforts and the development of more sustainable practices. Some facilities have installed solar panels, implemented recycling programs, and created habitat preservation areas that benefit local wildlife while maintaining the natural beauty that makes racing venues special. The global nature of modern racing presents both opportunities and challenges. International shipping of horses has become routine with purpose-built aircraft allowing horses to compete on multiple continents within the same year. This globalization has raised competitive standards while creating new economic opportunities. But it has also increased disease transmission risks and regulatory complexities. Despite these challenges, racing's response has been characterized by a genuine commitment to improvement rather than defensive resistance to change. The sport recognizes that its social license depends on maintaining the highest standards of care and integrity. Progress may sometimes seem slow, but the direction is clear toward safer competition, better horse welfare, and more transparent operations. When the roar of the crowd fades and the winner's circle photos become memories, a thoroughbred story is far from over. For many horses, retirement from racing marks the beginning of their most important chapter. A time when their value transcends speed and extends into the deeper bonds they form with humans who appreciate them for who they are, not just how fast they can run. Picture rolling green pastures in Kucky's horse country, where champion stallions spend their days in peaceful routine, far removed from the excitement of race day. These are the pensioners of racing's aristocracy. Horses whose racing careers earned them the privilege of siring the next generation of champions. A stallion-like American Pharaoh, the 2015 Triple Crown winner, stands at stud for a fee that reflects his racing achievements. But his daily life is one of quiet contentment, grazing in paddics, receiving careful attention from farm staff, and carrying forward the genetic legacy that made him special. Not every retired racehorse becomes a stallion or broodmare. And this is where some of racing's most heartwarming stories unfold. The thoroughbred Aftercare Alliance has revolutionized retirement planning for raceh horses, accrediting organizations that demonstrate they can provide appropriate long-term care for X-ray horses. These facilities range from large farms that specialize in retraining programs to smaller sanctuaries where horses live out their days in peaceful retirement. Old Friends Farm in Kentucky has become legendary among racing fans as the place where champions spend their golden years. Walking through their paddics is like touring a living hall of fame. Here, Graz's silver charm, winner of the 1997 Kentucky Derby and Pnness Stakes. Now in his late 20s and still possessing the regal bearing that made him a champion. Nearby, you might see War Emblem, the 2002 Kentucky Derby winner, or Touch Gold, who denied Real Quiet the Triple Crown in 1998. These retirement farms understand that former raceh horses retain the intelligence and athleticism that made them successful athletes. Many horses thrive when given new jobs that challenge their minds and bodies in different ways. Show jumping has become a popular second career for many thorbreds. Their natural speed and agility translating beautifully to navigating complex courses of fences. The precision and partnership required in show jumping appeal to horses who enjoyed the challenge of racing competition. Aventing the equestrian triathlon that combines Dr. Cross-country jumping and stadium jumping has become another natural fit for ex-rah horses. Their fitness and courage serve them well in the demanding cross-country phase while their intelligence helps them master the technical requirements of Dr. Many Olympic level event horses began their careers on racetracks, proving that the qualities that make a good racehorse, athleticism, intelligence, and competitive spirit, translate well to other equestrian disciplines. Therapeutic riding programs have discovered that many X-ra horses possess the gentle temperament and steady gates that make them ideal partners for riders with physical or emotional challenges. These horses seem to understand their new role instinctively, providing the stable, reassuring presence that helps riders develop confidence and achieve therapeutic goals. The same sensitivity that made them responsive to their jockeyy's commands makes them attuned to the needs of riders who may require extra patience and understanding. Police departments across the country have found that thoroughbreds make excellent mounted patrol horses. Their intelligence and trainability combined with their natural alertness help them excel in urban environments where they must navigate traffic, crowds, and unpredictable situations. Many retired raceh horses have found fulfilling second careers patrolling city streets. Their racing background providing the foundation for their new role protecting and serving their communities. The retraining process for career change varies depending on the horse's age, racing experience, and natural aptitude. Younger horses who retired early due to injury or lack of speed often adapt quickly to new disciplines. Older horses who had long racing careers may need more time to decompress and adjust to the different expectations of their new roles. Specialized retraining centers work with each horse individually, developing programs that build on their existing skills while teaching new behaviors appropriate to their intended second career. Some horses discover that their calling lies in education rather than continued athletic competition. Many racing halls of fame and equin education centers keep retired raceh horses as living examples of the breed's beauty and athleticism. These horses become ambassadors for their sport, meeting visitors and helping people understand the care and training that goes into developing raceh horses. Their presence adds authenticity to educational programs and helps bridge the gap between the racing industry and the general public. Breeding careers represent the traditional path for successful raceh horses. But modern breeding farms understand that retirement from reproductive duties doesn't mean the end of a horse's useful life. Many stallions and broodmares enjoy years of peaceful retirement after their breeding careers conclude. Living in comfortable circumstances that reflect their contributions to the sport. The bond between retired raceh horses and their caretakers often becomes deeper and more personal than the relationships they had during their racing careers. Without the pressure of competition and training schedules, horses can express their individual personalities more fully. Many develop strong preferences for particular people, activities, or routines that reflect their unique characters rather than their athletic abilities. Rescue organizations specializing in thoroughbredads have developed sophisticated networks for placing horses in appropriate homes. These groups understand that not every horse is suited for every discipline and they work carefully to match horses with situations where they can thrive. The screening process for potential adopters is thorough, ensuring that people who take on X-ray horses understand the commitment involved and have the resources to provide appropriate care. The economics of thoroughbred afterare have improved significantly as the racing industry has recognized its responsibility to the horses who generated its revenue. Many racetracks now contribute a percentage of their handle to afterare organizations, creating a sustainable funding source for retirement programs. Owners and trainers increasingly plan for their horses post-racing careers while they're still competing, building relationships with retraining facilities and potential adopters before retirement becomes necessary. International cooperation in thoroughbred afterare has also expanded with organizations sharing best practices and resources across national boundaries. European retirement farms have developed innovative programs that American facilities have adapted while American breeding and retraining techniques have influenced programs in other countries. Race day begins before dawn when the grandstands are empty and the track lies silent under morning stars. But in the backstretch barns, activity flows with the quiet efficiency of a well-rehearsed ballet. Grooms arrive in darkness, their flashlights creating pools of light as they check on horses who seem to sense that today is different from ordinary training days. The horses scheduled to race display varying levels of awareness about the day ahead. Some appear calm and focused, eating their breakfast with their usual methodical attention to every morsel of grain. Others show signs of anticipation, ears pricricked forward, eyes bright with an alertness that suggests they remember the excitement of A few pace restlessly in their stalls, their nervous energy a reminder that these are athletes who have learned to associate certain routines with the thrill of racing. As the sun rises, the pace of preparation accelerates gradually. Trainers arrive to observe their charges, looking for any sign of distress or discomfort that might necessitate a scratch from the day's races. They watch how each horse moves, checking for heat in legs, examining appetites, and assessing the overall demeanor that experienced horsemen can read, like a familiar book. These moments of evaluation are crucial. A trainer's decision to run or withdraw a horse often depends on subtle signs that only years of experience can detect. The relationship between groom and horse becomes particularly evident on race days. These caretakers, who spend more time with the horses than anyone else, know every quirk and preference of their charges. They understand which horse needs extra grooming to stay calm, which one prefers their legs wrapped in a particular pattern, and which one responds to gentle conversation throughout the preparation process. The bond between groom and horse often spans years, creating partnerships built on daily care and mutual trust. Veterinary inspections add another layer of race day routine. Track veterinarians examine each horse systematically, checking for soundness, observing movement patterns, and ensuring that all racing participants meet the medical standards required for competition. These examinations are thorough, but conducted with gentle efficiency, recognizing that excessive stress or disruption could affect a horse's performance. The paddic serves as racing's green room where horses and connections gather before each race for the saddling ritual. Picture this treelined oval, usually the most beautiful part of any racetrack, where horses walk in a circular pattern while spectators observe from behind the rail. The paddock combines nervous anticipation with formal ceremony. As trainers saddle their horses with the same careful attention they've applied throughout the training process, jockeys emerge from the jockeys room in their colorful silks. Each rider carrying the weight of preparation, strategy, and expectation. They receive final instructions from trainers, reminders about pace, positioning, and tactical adjustments that might be necessary depending on how the race develops. These conversations are often brief but intense, distilling weeks of planning into essential points that can be remembered and executed during the heat of competition. The post parade provides horses and riders with their final opportunity to warm up before racing begins. Watch the horses during this ritual, and you'll see individual personalities emerge. Some jog alertly, eager to begin competition, while others remain relaxed and business-like in their approach. Experienced horses often display a professional attitude during the post parade, conserving their energy for the actual race while giving their riders a feel for their mood and condition. The starting gate represents the culmination of all preparation and planning. Modern starting gates are marvels of engineering designed to provide fair, safe starts for all participants. Gate crews work with practiced efficiency, loading horses in order while maintaining calm conditions that help reduce anxiety for both horses and riders. The moment when the last horse enters the gate and all participants await the start creates a tension that seems to charge the very air around the track. When the starting bell rings and the gates spring open, months of preparation culminate in a few minutes of intense But even during the race, the support network continues to function. Clockers time splits and fractions, providing data that will be analyzed long after the race concludes. Patrol judges monitor the competition for rule violations or dangerous situations. Track announcer calls help spectators follow the action while creating the audio soundtrack that makes each race memorable. The finish line represents both an ending and a beginning, the conclusion of this particular race, but also the start of analysis, celebration, and planning for future competitions. Photo finish cameras capable of capturing images at incredible speed and resolution ensure that even the closest races are decided accurately. The few seconds required to develop and examine photo finishes can feel like hours for connections of horses involved in tight battles. Winners circle ceremonies provide formal recognition for successful participants while creating lasting memories for connections who have invested so much in reaching this moment. The traditional blanket of flowers, the presentation of trophies, and the formal photographs create tangible evidence of achievement that will be treasured long after the details of the race itself fade from memory. But race day extends far beyond the horses and their immediate connections. In the grandstand, families make racing a social event, teaching children to read racing forms and sharing the excitement of cheering for their selections. Regular racecorers develop their own traditions and superstitions, often sitting in the same seats and following elaborate rituals that they believe bring luck to their wagering choices. The betting windows create their own drama as fans analyze past performances, study track conditions, and make their selections based on everything from scientific handicapping to pure intuition. The tote board displays constantly changing odds that reflect the collective wisdom or folly of the betting public, creating a real-time market in racing prediction. Behind the scenes, countless support personnel ensure that race day operates smoothly. Maintenance crews monitor track conditions throughout the day, making adjustments as needed to maintain optimal racing surfaces. Security personnel monitor crowds and ensure the safety of both spectators and participants. Media representatives create the content that allows fans around the world to follow the action. From formal race calls to social media updates that bring racing's excitement to global audiences. As the final race concludes and the sun sets over empty grandstands, the cycle begins again. Horses return to their barns for post-race care and evaluation. Trainers begin planning for future engagements based on how their horses performed. Jockey review their rides, looking for lessons that might help in future competitions. And in a few hours, the pre-dawn routine will begin again, continuing the eternal cycle that has defined horse racing for centuries. As we stand at the threshold of racing's future, we see a sport that honors its ancient traditions while embracing innovations that promise to make it safer, more accessible, and more sustainable for generations to come. The horses themselves remain unchanged, still magnificent athletes whose power and grace continue to capture human hearts. But the world around them evolves with careful attention to their welfare and the sports long-term viability. Technology integration has begun to transform every aspect of racing, from training methods to fan engagement. GPS tracking systems now monitor horses during training, providing data about speed, heart rate, and stride patterns that help trainers optimize conditioning programs while reducing injury risk. Biomechanical analysis reveals subtle movement patterns that might indicate developing problems before they become serious injuries. These technological advances represent a marriage between cuttingedge science and the ancient art of horsemanship. Genetic research continues to unlock the mysteries of what makes certain horses faster, more durable, or better suited to specific racing conditions. Scientists study everything from muscle fiber composition to cardiac capacity, seeking to understand the physical traits that separate good horses from great ones. This research benefits not just racing but veterinary medicine and animal welfare in general. As discoveries about equin physiology improve care for all horses. The global nature of racing continues to expand with international competitions becoming more common and prestigious. The Breeders Cup World Championships now regularly attracts horses from dozens of countries. While races like the Dubai World Cup and the Japan Cup have achieved international significance that rivals traditional European and American classics. This globalization has raised opportunities for breeding and ownership partnerships that cross national Synthetic racing surfaces represent one of the most significant safety innovations in recent decades. These carefully engineered surfaces provide consistent footing that reduces injury rates while maintaining the speed and competitiveness that make racing exciting. As more tracks install synthetic surfaces, researchers continue to refine the materials and construction techniques that optimize both safety and Welfare initiatives have become central to racing's identity with organizations throughout the industry working to ensure that horses receive the best possible care throughout their lives. The development of comprehensive afterare programs means that horses who leave racing can look forward to productive second careers or comfortable Industry funding for these programs has increased dramatically, reflecting racing's commitment to the athletes who make the sport possible. Educational programs designed to attract new fans focus on the beauty and athleticism of thoroughbredads rather than just the gambling aspects of racing. Young people who might never have considered visiting a racetrack are discovering the sport through school visits, educational partnerships, and social media content that showcases the horses and the people who care for them. These programs help ensure that racing's appeal extends beyond traditional demographics. Breeding innovation continues to evolve with techniques like embryo transfer and advanced reproductive technologies helping to preserve genetic diversity while improving conception rates. Frozen semen technology allows the preservation of genetic material from outstanding stallions, ensuring that their contributions to the breed can continue long after their natural breeding careers conclude. These advances help maintain the genetic health of the thoroughbred population while creating new opportunities for international breeding partnerships. Environmental sustainability has become an important consideration for racing facilities around the world. Solar panels power operations at numerous racetracks, while water conservation systems reduce the environmental impact of maintaining racing surfaces and landscaping. Some facilities have created habitat beauty that makes racing venues special places. The economic model of racing continues to adapt to changing entertainment preferences and demographic shifts. Alternative wagering formats, enhanced television coverage, and digital engagement platforms help attract new audiences while serving existing fans more effectively. The integration of racing content with other forms of entertainment creates opportunities to introduce the sport to people who might not actively seek out racing but discover its appeal through other interests. International cooperation in regulatory matters has improved significantly with racing authorities sharing information and developing compatible rules that facilitate global competition. Anti-doping programs use increasingly sophisticated testing methods while maintaining consistent standards across jurisdictions. These efforts help ensure that racing maintains its integrity while allowing for the international competition that showcases the sport at its highest level. Research into ecoin longevity and quality of life continues to advance with studies examining everything from optimal retirement timing to the most effective therapeutic interventions for aging horses. This research benefits not just raceh horses but all equines. As scientists develop better understanding of how to maintain health and comfort throughout a horse's lifespan. The next generation of racing professionals is being educated with greater emphasis on animal welfare, scientific methodology, and business sustainability. Veterinary schools, university programs, and industry apprenticeships increasingly focus on evidence-based practices that prioritize horse welfare while maintaining competitive excellence. These educational programs ensure that racing's future leaders will be well equipped to address the challenges and opportunities that lie Virtual and augmented reality technologies are beginning to provide new ways for fans to experience racing, offering immersive perspectives that allow people to understand the sport from angles that were previously impossible. These technologies might eventually allow fans to experience something approaching the sensation of riding in a race, creating unprecedented emotional connections with the sport. As racing looks toward its future, the fundamental appeal remains unchanged. The breathtaking beauty of thoroughbredads in full flight. The courage of jockeys who partner with these magnificent animals and the timeless drama of competition where preparation, skill, and fortune combined to create moments of pure sporting magic. Technology and innovation enhance these experiences rather than replacing them, ensuring that future generations will inherit a sport that maintains its essential character while benefiting from every advantage that modern knowledge can provide. As our midnight journey through the world of horse racing draws to a peaceful close, we find ourselves enriched by the stories we've shared. Tales of courage and partnership that span centuries and continents. From the ancient chariots of Rome to the modern sophistication of today's great racetracks, we've witnessed how the bond between humans and horses has created some of our most enduring sporting traditions. The story of horse racing continues to unfold with each sunrise over training tracks around the world. Each careful brush stroke applied to a horse's coat. each gentle word spoken by a groom to their charge. It's a story that belongs not just to the horses and their human partners, but to all of us who find beauty in the sight of thoroughbredads in full flight, grace in their movements, and inspiration in their courage. Until we meet again in these quiet hours, may your dreams carry the rhythm of galloping hooves and the serenity of horses at rest beneath the stars.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MidnightDeepDive [1 likes]: Thanks for watching! 
Whether you're having a good day or going through tough times, I hope this video brought you some comfort. 
We create relaxing deep dives on different topics every evening. Subscribe if you'd like to see more ✨

- How Horses Are A Mirror To Our Souls and Help Us Heal | Mary Poupon | TEDxDanbury: Kind: captions Language: en as a psychiatric nurse practice at our most of my treatment has been in traditional modalities CBT DBT supportive counseling pharmacal pharmacology most of my clients also have been victims of trauma on December 14 2012 I was at work at a hospital in Queens and I received a phone call from a friend that there had been food a shooting in one of the schools in Newtown I drove home as quickly as I could I was very fortunate that day I was able to pick up all three of my children from school 26 people were gunned down that day twenty children and six educators in less than 11 minutes the town of Newtown was fortunate in the fact that many mental health people came to town to see how they could help one of the organizations that Barford hub was an organization called Ogawa I've been in the field for 30 years I never heard of a gala they actually were founded in 1999 they're an international organization and they train people in equine assisted psychotherapy the premise of the therapy is there is a licensed mental health clinician who becomes trained partnered with an equine specialist who is of course expert a herd of horses and the client my friend and that at the time of the tragedy immediately opened up her farms of the community the a gala folks went there they did some treatment she also let families go there just to have a safe space today in 2013 a year later when I felt I had time to process the event myself and that came to me and asked me if I would become certified so I said sure the certification was unlike any other training I've been to um it was it an indoor horse arena you're all bundled up there are about thirty folks there and there was a herd of horses running around as I was sitting there with the horse people in the mental health people someone said oh the horses will show us the way the horses will let us know what to and I was thinking to myself really on being a science-based nurse practitioner I was a little skeptical of the whole equine therapy I mean I was always sitting there with my skepticism I felt a push to the back of my head I looked up and standing above me was a 1200 pound horse standing about six foot tall looking into my eyes at that moment I felt that he could feel that I had an attitude so I said okay let me open my minds up to the process so my thoughts went further and I thought to myself well why horses why not a different animal why equine assisted psychotherapy well I've learned a lot about horses since then so horses like to be with other horses they don't like to be alone they like to be in a herd I'm just like we don't like to be alone we like to be with our families we'd like to be with friends we like to be in relationships we like to have school friends I mean horses very much you're the same way horses like people also have attitudes and distinctive personalities so within their own heard there's dynamics that go on just like in human relationships who's in charge who's a follower who's a passive who's annoying who do they want to get out of the herd um so it's very much in tune with people horses also just being so large are perfect parallel when we want to face a trauma or something that's very difficult in our life so the physical state of the force also parallels the big obstacle that you might face back when horses were living in the wild they were animals that were preyed upon so they had to have a very keen awareness of their environment and also different nonverbals in order to survive they had to know when to run and flee so because of that they have to also learn how to get along in their own herd if they can't get along and they're pushed out then they more vulnerable going back to science for a minute Charles Darwin who studied mammals learned that mammals all use similar muscles for facial expressions so horses because of their ability to really observe their environment can have the uncanny ability to read human emotion and I think that day when I got knocked in the head out of all the people in the circle I think the horse was picking up on the attitude I had that day I want to speak a minute about on PTSD so post-traumatic stress disorder can happen a series of trauma it also can occur with a single event and the hypothesis about PTSD is that our autonomic nervous system goes on overdrive so we have that fight-or-flight response that I think everybody is familiar with everyone's had an experience in their life where they had that intense anxiety I was having it backstage actually trying to figure out how to get out of here so that's what happens but with PTSD doesn't go away so it's chronic and you're constantly uncomfortable and there also could be triggers with PTSD and you know what we learned with the work with the children and the adolescents and families in Newtown that they were experiencing a lot of PTSD and a lot of triggers for example if they've heard a fire engine and that could be a trigger on the fourth of July became a trigger with the fireworks on kids complains of not being able to go to a amusement park because they couldn't tolerate hearing screams of other children even though it was joyful screaming I'm all the way to kids not even be able to enter a school not wanting to go to a school not wanting to drive cats with school not wanting to be on a bus I'm at home being unable to sleep alone wanting to go from different parts of their home with other people just that intense overdrive of the fight-or-flight feeling my own son who was my kids were all in different schools none of them in the Sandy Hook school but my son was in fourth grade at the time in a different elementary school and he had said to me that he couldn't concentrate anymore in school when I asked him why he said he was thinking about all day about how he could get out of the school in case an intruder came again and he said he finally figured out how to get out but he couldn't figure out how to get to the other side of the school to get his sister before he left so you know this is a this is an example of how you know the traumas in the school but it really goes to the whole whole periphery of the community and trauma really is what your idea of the experience convey so now we're back to 2013 and a lot of the kids it had a year passed a tragedy a lot of the people that were helping were gone you know Annette and I were trained at the time I'm a lot of kids were stuck in their talk therapy a lot of families said forget it we're not feeling better we don't want to do that we don't want to do our therapy anymore so we started seeing kids at the farm and you know you can see in the picture is you see some of the equipment there so with equine assisted psychotherapy there's a licensed mental health clinician and there's an equine specialist and a herd of horses and we want to use a variety of different props so we use pool noodles and pull calls and we'll write different feeling states on the pool noodles different things they can move around the arena so the child or adolescent our family arrives to the arena and the first thing we say to them is go get to know the horses walk on time we looked at what do you mean go get to know the horses kids today are so pressured about wanting to do things right that an open-ended statement like that really we've noticed elicits a lot of anxiety for them because they're like what am I supposed to do how am I supposed to do it and again we say them well however you know you want to do it it's fine it's about your experience so some of the kids initially might want to brush a horse or groom a horse and an added bonus of that is there's been some studies that actually grooming a horse lowers the cortisol in our body which is our stress hormone so it's naturally relaxing so I always get excited when I see a kid start to brush the horse at the beginning of the session I want to talk about one particular task that we've done in the sessions that's really been very helpful for the kids in Newtown with the pool noodles we had asked the kids to build on the ground their house and then a path to their school and then we asked them to put different obstacles along the path and then they're told they have to take the herd of horses to their house down the path into the school over the obstacles now since horses mirror human facial expression our body language how we're feeling the horses will mirror what's going on with the kid so the kid is anxious about going to school that they're not gonna be able to get that horse down that pat that noodle path those horses are not going so it really elicits a great opportunity for the child then to process what their own obstacles are so when the child is anxious the horse is anxious if the child starts to feel better and empowered the horses feel empowered so it's a very remarkable feeling for the for the child for the first time many of the kids were able to talk about what they heard saw on felts the day of the shooting so for them it was really transforming I want to talk about a particular horse I think he was in one of the slides you've seen he's lived a little girl his name is Willy want to give him a shout-out tonight he's missing an eye he had gotten infection and the eye was removed many years ago and he's turned out to be one of the favorite horses of the children and the teens at first when they see him with the gaping part where the eye should be they get taken aback a bit but once they see his resilience and how he's able to accomplish the task his resilience they feel the resilience as well so he's been really a great horse for us to work with really I have to say I never thought that I would be fan of an alternative therapy but working with the kids and seeing the transformation has been nothing short of magical it's been in an absolute honor to be part of the healing with the kids in my town and I'm forever grateful to the wonderful horses that have helped the kids and adolescents heal in Newtown thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @youthful6098 [46 likes]: One thing this world forgets that we humans can't go with socializing with each other only as people. We need the companionship of the animals too and live with them symbiotically.
  2. @Inthefoxhole [41 likes]: I was in Equine therapy back in 2008,  My mind was blown from what I experienced. The first day we had to walk around and look into the eyes of each horse. To see if you made a connection. That would be the one you worked with over the six week period. 2 hrs twice a week. A horse can definitely read your mind.
  3. @Samantha-Green1 [27 likes]: 🐴💗 the best therapy in my experience
  4. @animalauntiebev7596 [9 likes]: I also highly recommend reading the book Manchester The Night of the bang, by Richard D. Hall
  5. @MrMarkusfyi [8 likes]: I need this in my life.
  6. @louisesawyer1866 [4 likes]: So very true 👍
  7. @wuddafxuppp [4 likes]: You keep talking about kids.....? Who cares? What about adults? Do you think kids are listening to this..........?
  8. @joshkennedy9518 [3 likes]: That is also why small falabella horses make such great guide animals for blind people. They can also be housebroken. A fully working guide horse does not need a companion horse, it sees humans as its herd.
  9. @BrendaJBentley [3 likes]: Listen
  10. @kirstinetermansen2213 [3 likes]: Traumatic People, with traumatized horse's no way,
  11. @adihelenagur7915 [2 likes]: Amazing. Thanks for performing this and uploading
  12. @valentinamarianatasciacanz6405 [2 likes]: ❤
  13. @surendersingal9122 [2 likes]: Bombastic pressetation on revealing horse is carbon copy of humans in soul.

Thank you Jussojuan surender dingal
  14. @kirstinetermansen2213 [2 likes]: Mirror someone, or yourself, nasssim,
  15. @bukho2731 [2 likes]: Superb.
  16. @kirstinetermansen2213 [1 likes]: A impreson horse,. Is a captured horses,. They just wanna experience less, hard work
Less mental violation, assaultive 

So,. No horses, ponies,. Don't help people, they are abused,

So people,. Can help people,
  17. @lornahay2328 [1 likes]: Wonderful ❤️
  18. @janetskinner3855: The school was not even used by children it was destroyed by the flood and it was a government Cia fbi false flag that's why they took it down so fast just another thing to freek people out love the horse information
  19. @thunhu5292: The poor doggie had to suffer and watch dis XD.

- Dr  G's Mental Tips for Equestrian: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] if you've been riding long enough if you've been competing as in a question for even more than a year then I'm sure one of the things you've run into at this point is the whole experience of being afraid now if you haven't I'm sure there's other people that train with you that train with your trainer who've lost skills who've lost their ability to compete to ride to their capability a really common part of the sport really important part of the sport to learn to master and it reminds me of an equestrian I worked with a while ago her name was Julia she was about 17 and very talented Rider an actually very successful rider for the first few years that she competed and then she had a bad fall and and she actually didn't get hurt but it was a close call and and she almost got kicked her horse's hooves just went over her head and ever since that experience she wasn't the same rider she was overcome with fear whenever she tried to jump she had she kind of replayed that movie over and over again in her head and she was getting ready to quit she was that frustrated her parents were trying to be helpful they felt badly her trainer was trying to be helpful but wasn't really helpful was more impatient that she shouldn't be afraid but let me tell you something right now if you ride there's nothing wrong with you if you're afraid there's nothing wrong with you if you find that you can't get yourself to do like skills or your technique is off because of fear that's normal I've worked with hundreds of riders before this is something that always comes up but what was happening for Julia is that this was really stifling her love of the sport it was killing her confidence and she was close to quitting so we started working one-on-one and one of the things I helped to do was learn to kind of notice when she was getting nervous when she was when her nervous system was getting what we call activated revved up and teaching her and again this is all pre ride and then teaching her how to calm herself down how to get her nervous system to settle and along with that really teaching her what you should be focusing on because when you ride well you're not focusing on your thoughts you're not focusing on what could happen and you're not focusing on outcome your expectations you're focusing on feel and your connection to the horse you know questions who are successful ride with this very close connection to their horse they don't think about what they're doing they stay kind of in their body and Julia had forgotten how to do that because she was so nervous and with a little bit of work we helped her calm her system down and refocus herself so that she was able to stay paying attention to the right things and continue excelling in her sport and get back to excelling really now this is such a common problem I ran into this all the time that over the years I've developed some training material for request reans to help them learn to manage fear settle themselves when they're in trouble and learn to focus and control their concentration both before and during their ride so whether you do what Julia did which would be to work a little bit one-on-one with me or to use some of my training workbooks and audios and I'm certainly happy to talk to you about what would make the most sense for you you can always call or email me what I do know is this if you have dreams in this sport if you want to go as far as possible if you want to develop the mind of a champion and learn to master fear you have to systematically do some work on the mental side of your writing you

- Horseback riding to overcome anxiety and depression: Kind: captions Language: en when you're writing you're writing with confidence you're writing with being true to yourself you're writing with happiness and those those things it's not just riding on a horse it's actually you're able to ride your life with those two years ago keca Chrissy jales was battling anxiety and depression she turned to this horse Bali to help her overcome it now she's helping others horseback riding is what helped me the most and I always uh ride on Bali all the time Bali has been the horse that today I don't know how I would be without her and also if I didn't have anxiety which I'm grateful for today actually I wouldn't have met her and today we became butterfly Bal and Bal has is the one who made help me become a butterfly she's the one who helped me get my wings and that that is why we're butterfly Valley according to statistics Canada approximately one in four Canadians 18 and older screened positive for symptoms of depression anxiety or post-traumatic stress disorder in Spring of 2021 that number is estimated to be higher now I want to help other people with my story that are going through the same thing and it's magical it's magical I'm here I'm here at the farm like every day and I it's a paradise it's a safe haven for me and I'm not crying because um it has put me so yes it put me through so much but I've come so far and I am so happy and proud of myself and um I've become better and sorry I did not give up I pushed through it it was bumpy but I got it and I can't I can't thank this place for for the for all of it what does B mean to you everything she means the whole world to me and she sometimes also um she would come me and when I would um feel down or anything she would put her head under my chin and she would take me chin up so she means a lot to me and I can't I can't imagine my life without her and she's my best friend and in sis Bri foran AI Muhammad City news

  Top Comments:
  1. @jsterling6805 [2 likes]: She is responding to the unconditional love and intelligence provided by her best friend the beautiful horse.
  2. @BigBigPoliticTrump [2 likes]: Very clean horse. Great
  3. @2009jadeorchid [1 likes]: Fresh air   , sunshine and love      :virtualhug:
  4. @michaelwarren202 [1 likes]: Parents need to start stepping up and start teaching kids how to handle anxiety, stress and depression once again.
  5. @herbyhancock9805 [1 likes]: Alcohol and cigarettes works just fine.

- How horses can help with mental health | Sci NC: Kind: captions Language: en-US >> To be in a field with horses that are free to be horses. How often does that happen for people? They're a 1000 plus pound animal and you're being asked to go into their space. >> Today you have permission to go out and we encourage you, to your level of comfort spend time with the horses. What we would like you to get out of today is paying attention to those cues. How does the horse respond to whatever tool you're using? ♪ >> Sometimes we have clients who what we call our therapy savvy, I know what's wrong with me, I know what you need to hear and so let's get this over with. And when you bring the horse component in, all the senses are being brought into the picture, not just conversation and not just talk therapy. This is a tool for the tool box. Let's circle up. What did you see? What did you experience? >> I feel a sense of importance for building trust with them, so I try and go from the side, and like of her slowly. >> Gonna pause for second there. Apply that to working with a client apply that to somebody in your helping profession. I feel that pairs with meeting a client where there are. So if they're not ready to be talking with you or come out with their problems then they're going to stay keep their distance but once they're ready they'll take the first step forward. [snorting] >> There's something really cool about working with an animal that's not trained to respond to you, but it's still so gentle. They feel soulful, having to be okay with -- the same ol' mare may not come up to you, and also if they don't come up to that I know that that doesn't mean they don't like you, but I think as a human there's a lot of, "I want them to like me. "I want the animal to interact with me." >> We have an agenda, and sometimes our agenda gets the best of us and we're not serving our clients. Where Beth and I have seen that in the arena is when a person goes up to a horse and the horse might walk away and the person goes up to the horse, and the horse will walk away. And the person goes up to the horse and the ears start to go back. and that person is up to the horse and the tail starts to swish and the ears go back. What we try to do with our clients is to have them understand that communication. That horse is setting a boundary that boundary needs to be respected just like we set boundaries for ourselves. >> I think of them as kind of that barometer. By working with them and partnering with them, you can start to ask yourself questions about you. [birds chirping] >> Do we want them to introduce themselves to the horses or just --? >> Sure. >> Whatever that looks like for you. We ask clients to create your story create your world. >> What you got on that one over there? Nibbles? >> It's almost like this blank canvas, this whole arena or field is their story board, and they went right away to -- the horses became their students. >> That whole thing was kind of like a new year, you know like you walk beside the students, you kind of see where they're at you don't know if they like us are not yet, but they know that they trust us. >> Yeah. >> That they trust us. >> Was about their school and about how they want to help kids succeed. >> Good job, Nibbles. >> All right, now we've got to get, Jack. >> Oh, are you hungry? >> Stringing the hay along with the carrot. I just can't help but wonder like apply that for me to what you do. >> We can put those observations out there and the client may connect them in their story. But it's through this other being that's in there, this other partner. >> So our communication with the kid that's -- hey you know let's work together so we can get this. And I think that's kind of what we did here. Let's work together to get you this. >> You came in here very humble saying I don't know anything about horses, and so I'm kind of at the mercy of whatever the horse tells me it wants me to know about it, right? And that's exactly the way it is with students and clients and other clientele that we work with. They are going to be the expert of their own experience. Take some time to say goodbye to your students. >> If they just heard about it through a book or read an article they wouldn't have a clue. Now they've come out, they've experienced it. 10 years down the road, I'm going to remember hey, there was something, I had this this client that really needs something different. It's just not working for them anymore. >> It is hard to convey what it is that's happening in this in this type of work. I think that's the hardest part. But if I can get to the farm it teaches itself.

  Top Comments:
  1. @jefflilyea4669: After taking care of horses, I agree owners are nuts.

- Equine therapy: How horses are helping teens' mental health | ITV News: Kind: captions Language: en I've gotten to a place where before I couldn't go out the house I wouldn't go out anywhere I wouldn't talk to people but now I've passed my driving test I'm volunteering I go to college I've got new friends we find out like what part of my anxiety disorder is affecting my everyday life and then we put that into like action through the horses behaviors and then we try and correct the horse behaviors and then see if we can carry out through everyday life we're essentially a team of clinical psychologists I'm really experienced at kuang behaviorist and the work is about having the young people or adults work with the horses on the ground so that they can begin to think about how how do I relate to the horse how does the horse relate to me and then we broaden that out into how does that relate to other things that's going on in your life we look at body language at the horses and how it's quite similar to humans body language and how it can negatively impact how they behave towards us and then actually that's how we look [Music] we see from the council from the offending team from social services from NHS we work with some of the hospitals and the schools and the schools that they're all struggling with mental health and they don't know where to turn and actually by engaging with those kind of services and bringing the young people here we see huge amounts of change in quite a short amount of time the house hoping that calm down a bit and get less detentions it's helped me learn how to calm myself down quickly clues to get angry really easily at people like all was a waste of space in the world like I had no Pertinax for me I had there was nothing that was I was going to achieve I was gonna tell you I was eating nothing but now I've achieved so much I'm a different person thanks to a conference me in a good way

- Equitation Position Corrections - Easy fix for riding problems: Kind: captions Language: en today I'm gonna do position Corrections from photos that someone has sent in to me so let's get started hi there my name is Laura and welcome to another video it's your first time here hey thank you for visiting and I think you're gonna find some great tips here and if you'd like to transform your writing so that you can win more ribbons at your next Horse Show or generally like other horse related stuff then remember to subscribe hit the bell icon see don't miss him so let's get right to these position Corrections if you want to see some of the other videos of position corrections take a look right here got them all listed here in a playlist you can watch them right after you finish watching this one so if you're gonna send in photographs send in a profile shot of you either riding on the flat or over fences so that we can see a side view of you and your horse and as usual I just want to let you know that these are just quick snapshots of you and your riding and I can only make comments of what I see from the photographs and it may just be that one instant in time and that's the the position that I'm going to review and these are just these are meant to be helpful and these are just my opinion as a instructor coach trainer and horse show judge so these are just my own opinions and if you want to get more in depth please send me an email I'd love to hear from you so there's two really good photographs here there's one of the rider with on her Pinto horse and one on a nice chestnut horse thank you so much for sending these in I really like to see what you're doing with your horses it looks like it's in the covered arena somewhere and it looks like you're at a horse show so great good for you so generally speaking I'm going to talk about your position and your horse and make some Corrections and give you some exercises and if you want some exercises to fix your position take a look at these videos right here because there's lots of really good videos that you can use right now to improve your position first comment is about the foot position everybody knows you have to have your heels down if you're looking for ways to keep your heels down take a look at some of the exercises we have we've got them listed links to the appropriate exercises in the description take a look at those in this writer we like the fact that our heel is down but don't like the fact that her foot is what we call home in the stirrup keep your stirrup on the ball of your foot so that you can keep your heels down you want to know why it's important to keep your heels down there's a link in the description for a video that you can watch right after this one about why that is so important love that your heels are down but keep the stirrup on the ball of your foot you can also see that your that your foot has slipped back we'd like for your foot to be more forward near the girth this is me when your foot slips back like that it means that you're pinching with your knee and you're pivoting around your knee your body's going forward your lower leg is going back relax your knee keep your cap on the horses side and stretch your heel down and forward so your stirrup is closer to the girth and your upper body more upright without leaning down on the horse's neck I also really like that you are not interfering with this horse at all take a look at those reins there's a big loop in them that is very nice you're allowing the horse to reach Asmat maximum as possible however you are leaning on the horse's neck and jeepers you're almost up to the horses ears this might be appropriate if you're jumping a gigantic ditch on a cross-country course somewhere but somehow in the hunter ring over this size of fence that's a little bit excessive so keep this hands closer to the withers of the horse near the front of the saddle and keep your upper body more upright so you're not leaning down on the horse's neck really love that your eyes are up eyes up looking around looking forward to your next fence this is really important and one of the things that gets checked off in your equitation around whether or not you're looking up to your next jump a really good job with that you can see here that your lower leg is swung back and your upper body is quite out of alignment with the rest of your body keep your upper body more in a line with your lower leg there should be approximately a straight line shoulder knee don't see here from this photograph that your shoulder is way out in front of your horse almost leaning down on the horse's neck and I've tried to put a little zigzag here where I think that your position should be think of keeping your shoulders over top of your knees a little bit more bump closer to the saddle and your heel closer to the girth push your heel down and forward to keep your heels down and closer to the girth so your stirrup leather is parallel to the girth or perpendicular to the ground and your seat closer to the saddle with your shoulders over top of your knees rather than way over in front of your knees and on top of the horse's neck this will help keep you in balance with the horse you can see here that green zigzag line the top of the line will be where your shoulders would be and then the your bomb closer to the seat of the saddle not over the pommel of the saddle where your seat is and then your lower leg and heels down closer to where the girth is you can see from this arrow here that the rider is well in front of the horse and leaning down on the horse's neck this means that when the horse is trying to lift its front and up over the jump you are leaning down over top of the horse it's making it just that little bit difficult for the horse to try to lift its front end over top of that fence you want to be in balance with the horse so they can lift the front end up and clear the jump keep your hands closer to the saddle right where this green arrow is you can see where this is where your hands should be let's talk a little bit about your horse love this photo you can see the horse is trying really really hard he's got his knees up and square really lovely knees on this pony going over top of this jump love it one thing a would mark down on this horse is that he's Lee the ground off of one leg you can see here in this photograph that the horse is its legs are like he's stepping in the counter stride rather than putting both legs equally down to push equally off of both legs he's just pushing off on one leg and in a class with a lot of other horses in it this is something that the judge would notice and could possibly knock you down in the placings or knock you down in the scoring because of this you can see this rider and the Pinto host of course does the same thing lovely beautiful release love the way that you allow the horse maximum effort with its head and neck but it's almost excessive when your hands are reaching up near the horses ears keep your hands closer to the saddle so the horse can round itself over top of the jump but not reaching so far forward that you're leaning down on the horse's neck once again look at how you're looking up this rider is looking up and looking forward that's very good and again the judge in equitation passes certainly have eye out for riders that keep their eyes up looking forward keep your eyes up looking forward looking forward to the turn looking forward to your next fence really important really important because the horse needs to know where it's going and you need to know where you're going to the rider and this horse you can see that the heels are flat and almost up we'd like to have the weight coming down and forward into the riders heels so that her legs are nearer and closer to the besi by this photograph that the stirrup leathers are not parallel to the girth or perpendicular to the ground and this means the rider's leg is slipped back and you can see that this rider's body has slipped forward she's leaning on the horse's neck with her hands almost at the horses you your hands shouldn't be up near the horses ears this is approximately where your leg should be stirrup leather parallel to the girth perpendicular to the ground push those heels down and forward so they're closer to the girth and I think because this rider is reaching so far forward that her back has become rounded we like for this rider to keep your hands closer to the saddle with the same amount of release and the same amount of freedom for the horse to keep her back flat this green arrow shows you where approximately your hand should be closer to the saddle with your shoulders shoulders just when they are trying to get the maximum stay in balance with your horse by keeping your shoulders over top of your knees straight line approximately shoulder knee toe so that you can stay balanced with your horse and allow your horse the maximum amount of freedom to go over top of the jump little person little stick person on top of this horse where I think the rider would be in balance with this horse you can see approximately straight line shoulder knee toe to stay in balance with the horse and the riders hands closer to the pommel of the saddle near the withers of the horse now let's talk about the Penta horse jumping style really like the way this horse is rounding over its jumps but it's a little bit lazy with it with its front leg compare the chestnut horse with this Pinto horse you know the pictures are taken a little bit different times and based on the way these pictures are taken it looks like the chestnut horse is just coming up to the jump and lifting up its legs and it's got really lovely parallel legs and it's this horse it maybe just finishing its top part of the jump and he's reaching down for the ground and it looks like he is reaching down and therefore his knees have dropped I'm not sure if he's a good jumper not to me this horse doesn't seem to be as nice at jumper as the other one based on these photographs it's knees are a little lower than the other one the other chestnut horse the chestnut horse it's knees were up and straight and together and really lovely looking over top of it spins this horse the horses knees have dropped down and his forearms are reaching down for the ground so it could be that it's just taking that a little bit different timing through the jump or it could be that the other horse is just a nicer jumper really like this horses expression to it is really sweet because his ears kind of kind looking horse whereas the other horse looked really tired of doing these exercises a little bit bored with its work so first thing that we like to correct with this rider is keeping the heels down one of the best exercise is to keep your heels down is to ride a new to point position and ride in your to point position over some trot rails second thing we'd like for you to do is to get a neck strap to teach yourself to keep your hands still and over top of the base of the horse's neck rather than reaching really far forward to where the horses ears are you don't need to reach that far you can do short medium release halfway up the horse's neck and allow complete freedom of the horse's mouth and head and neck so they can jump properly you don't need to really lean down on the horse's neck to get that full release you can keep your body still and just move your hands forward up the horse's neck moving your body excessively puts a lot of weight on the horses shoulder just as they're trying to come up for the jump keep your body still and allow with your hands with a soft following elbow so that your horse can use himself properly on the top of the jumps if you're going to a horse show use these tips here so you can find out what the judge is looking for what's your favorite exercise to help you keep your heels down when you're riding your horse I like to know these are just some simple tips but I'd like to know what you do to keep your heels down put it in the comments below my name is Loren if you'd like to transform your riding so that you can win more ribbons at your next horse show remember to subscribe to this channel now go use this stuff go hug your horse thanks now bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @tahlialatimore2196 [2 likes]: First view and like and comment
  2. @LauraKellandMay [1 likes]: Equitation corrections shouldn't be a secret should they?
  3. @isabellafaulkner4969 [1 likes]: Thank you so much! I will definitely try everything you suggested❤

- Horse Show Tips for Hunters and How not to Piss off the Judge: Kind: captions Language: en hi there and welcome to another video today I'm going to share with you 10 quick tips so you can be a success at your next horse show so let's get started if you'd like to improve your riding win more ribbons at your next horse show or just like horsey related stuff then subscribe to my youtube channel hit the subscribe button and the bell icon so you don't miss anything now let's get started I'm a firm believer that if you have knowledge about something it's up to you to share that knowledge so any everybody can benefit from it and keeping that in mind I'm gonna share with you 10 easy tips that you can follow so you can be a success at your next horse show number one be on time and that's more than just getting to the horse show grounds on time that is getting to your class and getting to ringside on time if you're not on time you get rushed you lose your focus and that could blow the class for you so be on time have you ever been late to your horse show and you got flustered so you messed up I'd like to know put it in the comments below number two be neat and clean nothing says I don't care like having a dirty horse a horse with a manure stain on it so be neat and be clean you don't have to have the SuperDuper most expensive outfits and the most expensive saddle out there you just have to be neat and clean if you're on a budget no problem you can get really good quality second-hand gear at your local tax shops they often have consignment or even go on Facebook there's groups there that have lots of secondhand clothing and second-hand equipment for horse people number three be prepared have your grooming kit your brushes your sponge your buckets your water everything in one place so it's handy for you don't have your buckets down by the horse trailer and your grooming kit up here and something by the ringside have everything together have everything organized it saves you a lot of time and saves you a lot of stress on the day of the horse show number four be prepared know the fools know the requirements for your class and know the type of attack and equipment that you're allowed you're not allowed to have and the requirements of that class number five be consistent with your writing showing the judge that you're a team doesn't happen overnight writing once a month is not going to prepare you for that horse show so writing consistently into communication with your horse is what you're really gonna need to have to get be a success in the horse show check out this video about being consistent with your riding number six take the time to be engaged with the class at the horse show and this means watch the other horses go around at the horse show watch their round see how they're doing it maybe they're having difficulty but this distance is between the fences maybe there's a tight turn in there don't be surprised when you get into that ring after several other people have gone through the class you can often learn something by watching somebody else who's gone through that class if you're interested in proving your position then take a look at these videos the position review videos I've gotten so many comments on them and emails from them everybody seems to like them and I think that you'll like them too so watch these videos next number seven be prepared mentally know your course know your class specification know the restrictions know what you're doing before you get into that ring have a strategy for your day of showing study your course break it down into its components and ask yourself when is the judge gonna want to see me do when I'm on this part of the course a straight line to an ox err may mean that you know the judge is gonna want to see me go straight and sit up to that oxer if there's a tight roll back turn what does the judge gonna want to see you do when you're going through that corner so ask yourself what does the judge want to see me do number eight and this goes back to your turnout again clean your tack having clean tack is a one way to show the judge that yeah you know what you really do care about what's happening and nothing says and when you're cleaning your tank have the keepers and runners secured so that there are no flapping straps on your bridle on your saddle on your martingale a really easy fix is to get an elastic and put it around the piece so that the runner doesn't fall down and allow the straps to fly number nine turnout I say saying over and over and over and over and over again you only have one chance to make a good first impression so your turnout is going to be the number one thing that the judge sees first off and this means that your horse has to be braided your horse has to have a braided tail and no manure stains nothing says I don't care than having a big manure stain on your horse if you can't braid hire somebody to braid your horse and have your horse's tail braided to me for me as a judge that's the icing on the cake it shows your horses off so much nicer I didn't really realize it until I really saw a horse that didn't have its prey tail braided and it did have its tail braided and the difference was quite amazing so braid your horse's tail it shows your horse off nicely put oil on the horse's hooves that's an easy thing it might wear off before you finish that round but when the horse starts off the right starts off the class it's got beautiful turnout wipe off your boots before you get into that ring and your turnout at the end gate should just be a simple wipe down wiping off the dust off your boots wiping the horse's mouth off putting some oil on the horse's hooves doesn't need to be a complete grooming effort and the last one number 10 have fun keep breathing have fun and don't then know that the judge is rooting for you have fun out there if you're interested in proving your position then take a look at these videos the position review videos I've gotten so many comments on them and emails from them everybody seems to like them and I think that you'll like them too so watch these videos next if you'd like to improve your riding win more ribbons at your next horse show or generally like other horsey related stuff then subscribe to my youtube channel

  Top Comments:
  1. @LauraKellandMay [1 likes]: Have you ever been late to your horse show? And got flustered and messed up? What happened? Put it in the comments here.
  2. @rescueingnshowing974 [1 likes]: Yes, late to my show, had to groom put on the saddle and my shirt... Didn't have the right lead for the first gait.
  3. @ikescepanski7331 [1 likes]: no
  4. @adrianapitts4765: I slept through all of my alarms and didn’t get to school over jumps so we got 3 refusals and got DQed and it was a state qualifying class

- What is a Handy Hunter - Tips you won't forget!: Kind: captions Language: en today we're gonna go over a handy hunter class and what you should be doing when you go into your Handy hunter class so let's get started hi there my name is Laura and welcome to another video if it's your first time here thank you so much for coming I really appreciate it and if you're a regular visitor to these videos thank you so much for coming as well now if you'd like to win more ribbons at your next horse show improve your riding and training alright generally like other horsey related stuff then remember to subscribe to this channel hit the bell icon so you don't miss anything now handy hunters what about these handy hunters we've seen them a lot at the horse shows and they are a little bit different than the right hereon hunters and I've been getting asked questions about the Handy hunter and how you get into the Handy hunter ring and what the judge is looking for so I thought I'd share with you I recently watched the Handy hunter class from the Devon horse show and it was amazing the horses were lovely there's such a depth of quality there any hunter classes are starting to become a regular occurrence at the local shows and training shows and so I thought I'd answer some questions that people have been asking me now if I haven't answered the question you have please feel free to reach out to me and I will do my best to answer your question or you can put the question down in the comments below cuz I'd love to hear from you if you've been during a handy hunter class put it in the comments below I'd love to hear about how you interpreted the Handy hunter course that you competed in they're a little bit different than the regular hunters but the number one thing you have to remember is that the performance is the most important thing the most asked question that I get is how should I enter the ring in for a hand and that is enter the ring pick up your counter and go to your first fence no Invitational circle don't circle don't try just walk in walk through that's a must you have to walk through the in gate and then canter to your first fence and the first fence is usually near the in gate going away from the in gate so you walk into the gate walk in through the in gate pick up your canter go to the first fence your horse should be handy enough obedient enough and well trained that it can walk canter go to the first fence to the second question I get asked the most is inside turn or outside turn and here's my answer for you the number one thing the judge wants to see is a good performance if you chip in you're gonna be out if you take a bad spot you're going to be out if your horse swims over the top of that fence you're going to be out if you can do an inside turn and do it nicely efficiently correctly then you will probably get a better score for that turn then a horse does an outside turn but if you need to do the outside turn to get a better approach for your voice and by all means do that outside turn but if you can do the inside turn and do it well that shows a handy horse handy hunter should do efficient turns but still it should be smooth and flowing and get your horse to the jump properly and what about that trot fence what do you do with that when you're going for the trot fence canter make your turn bring your horse back to a trot as efficiently as possible without any resistance or tension then trot the fence and trot right to the base of that fence if you Kidder one or two steps in front of that fence if you're in good company you will be marked down for that so trot right to the base of that fence over the jump and leave away from the trot fence an even steady canter if you land in a trot that means that you're not going forward enough or your horse isn't pushing enough from the hindquarters how to do that hand gallop fence as a handy hunter you're handy hunter should be adjustable and that means having a regular quatre your regular speed that you do the hunters with and then sometimes in a handy hunter class there is a hand gallop fence and you have to show a difference of pace between your regular hunter pace and the hand gallop fence your horse should be adjustable obedient and relaxed as it's going from its regular canner to its forward counter and then back again without any resistance or tension from its hand gal up to the regular canter the judge will be looking for tension swishing the tail tossing the head tension through the neck and resistance judge wants to see right ability and finally how do you exit the ring for a handy hunter class once you've finished that last fence your land recovery stride and quickly efficiently as possible bring your horse back to a walk and exit the ring free walk on a loose rein show your horses walk show how calm cool relaxed and obedient your horses my name is Laura and if you'd like to win more ribbons at your next horse show improve your riding and training alright generally like other horsey related stuff remember to subscribe thanks now bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @gretchenyvonnegoshert5886 [1 likes]: While jumping im hearing loosen your elbow, tension in arms. .. recently I've experienced her praising me  loosening my elbow ... an I honestly do not feel that much difference.. on my own I did lower my hands ..  an I feel I follow with my elbow..  I do not hear it during flat work. .. only when the horse starts to rush at or after fences ...I just am not sure what type of contact am I supposed to have with my horse over fences.. or maybe she's referring to hand pressure.. an how should I go about whoaing my horse when getting to strong through a line..  half halt  an say whoa.. ? An can you still be soft with a short rein that has contact.. ? I like a loop over the fence but like to have enough contact to balance my horse up or with out having to do a bunch of re arranging.. Thank you for your time with this matter.. Your content has given me so many (ah-ha..) moments..
  2. @alystaaguilar8343 [1 likes]: This was very helpful

- Reality of India's Workers! | Dhruv Rathee: Kind: captions Language: en Hello, friends! Whether it's a 45°C hot summer day or there's water-logging outside due to heavy rains, whether there's a storm or there is too much pollution, whether it's day or night, today, in this era of convenience, we don't have to worry ourselves. Because we can remain in the comfort of our home, to order whatever we want, merely through a smartphone app. But have you ever thought about those strangers who make this possible? Have you ever thought about things from their perspective? These people are called Gig Workers. According to a survey by the National Council for Applied Economic Research, on average, a gig worker works for 69.3 hours in a week in our country. It's almost as if you work seven days a week, for almost 10 hours each day. Without any day-offs or Sundays. For comparison, in this survey, the other workers work an average of 56 hours per week. "Our seniors hand us the couriers, and give us all their headaches, we have to ride our bikes for 8-12 hours." The number of hours an average gig worker works for, the level of his qualification, and the little money he makes, hardly any other workers in our cities suffer as much. The amazing thing is that the qualifications of an average gig worker are better compared to other workers'. But at the same time, 75% of gig workers in our country are facing financial difficulties. On average, they earn only ₹18,000 per month, even after working hard tirelessly. In today's video, friends, come let's understand this gig worker profession in depth. Friends, the word 'Gig', G-I-G, means a temporary job or a performance act. Before modern-day gig workers became popular, usually musicians and comedians used this term. Because the job of these performing artists is such that they don't get a regular salary. They get paid for individual acts. If a comedian does a show in a company, it becomes a gig for him, for which he gets paid. The first time the word 'Gig' was used for a temporary paid job in 1952 when an influential author Jack Kerouac wrote an article about how he got a gig to work as a brakeman on a railroad. Today, freelancing is also included in this category and in the last 10 years, in fact, in the last 4 years, after COVID, we have seen a tremendous growth in the Gig Economy. Now, the Gig Economy can be divided into two parts. One is service-based gigs and the other is knowledge-based gigs. Services are offered by low to semi-skilled workers like the delivery agents. And knowledge is offered in high-skilled jobs like consultants and data scientists. Service workers are also called Blue-Collar Gig Workers and knowledge workers are also called White-Collar Gig Workers. But usually, whenever we talk about gig workers, it is the first category that is referred to. Those people who work for companies like Uber, Ola, Zomato, Swiggy, Urban Company, Porter, Zepto. Their work is different from desk jobs. And those people who are delivering these digital platform services in real life. Now, theoretically, if we see, in comparison to normal jobs, there are many benefits of gig economy for the employees and employers both. What are the benefits for the employers and the companies? They can hire the employees as needed, and fire them whenever they want. There is no contract with the employee. If they don't like an employee, he can be immediately removed from the job. And if they like someone, they can hire them immediately. On the other hand, the employees get flexibility. They can work when they want to. They can work for the company they want. They don't need to go to any office. They can work from anywhere. If they don't like a job, they can leave it and find another one. It's even possible to work for multiple companies at the same time. Giving them an opportunity to earn extra money. On top of it, if you have a main job, you can do it as a side job to earn an extra, supplementary income. There are so many benefits to it. It sounds too good to be true. So you might ask, what is the problem? The problem is that these benefits are only theoretical. In reality, practically speaking, the situation is getting bad to worse. As per NITI Aayog's 2022 report, India's booming gig and platform economy, before the COVID pandemic, had around 3 million gig workers in the country. But by 2021, this number reached 7.7 million. And this sector is expected to grow so much that by 2030, this number will reach 23.5 million. The Oxford Internet Institute's Online Labour Index tells us that India's online labour market share is at 24%. This means that India is the #1 country in the world in this regard. What do we learn from this? This tells us that most people in our country do not consider the gig economy for supplementary extra income but as their main job. In fact, as per Ipsos Research's 2024 survey, for 88% of gig workers in the country, gig work is their primary source of income. On the other hand, look at this number. Flourish Ventures' September 2020 research, 6 months after the lockdown, 90% of gig workers said that their salaries have gone down. 47% of gig workers weren't able to manage their expenses without borrowing money. During Covid, we called them Covid Warriors, Frontline Warriors or even Lifelines. But most people came to this profession due to compulsion. The Logical Indian covered the story of a gig worker named Karan Singh. Karan lived in Delhi's Paschim Vihar and was a construction worker. When construction work was stopped due to Covid, he had no source to get food, water or ration. His wife and two daughters depended on him. And the burden of running the household kept increasing. Then a friend told him about gig work. And he decided to use their last savings to get a second-hand scooter on lease. And he became a delivery partner for a deliver platform. Being a frontline worker meant that he could deliver essential goods during the COVID lockdown. But soon after, it became his main profession. And today, he works for a bike-taxi service platform. There are many such stories in our country, where the gig economy saved people's livelihoods. Today, these companies refer to their gig workers by different names. Some bike-taxi company, use the word Captain. Some call them Experts. But most of the companies use the word Partner. Normally, when the word 'Partner' is used in a business, it means that the person will share your work, will work with you, and the profits and losses will be shared. But is this the case for gig workers? The scooter or bike that a gig worker needs to do his job, has to be bought with his own money. The cost of petrol used, comes out of their pockets. Take the classic example of Uber or Ola drivers. Suppose, a taxi driver drops you off at a place and at that location, he can't find another ride. To find a ride, he might need to travel 15-20 km, to a hotspot. So, to travel those 15-20 km, the cost of the petrol used, does the company pay 50% of it? Not at all. "Suppose I'm riding my bike, and that uses petrol worth ₹100, if I don't get any orders, who will pay the ₹50 of it? Will the company bear it? That's what being Partners mean." So the question is, what kind of a partnership is this? Actually, friends, the word 'Partner' is used to avoid legal problems for these companies. If those companies start calling them Employees, then there will be a lot of responsibilities on those companies. They will need to provide health insurance. In case of a work-related accident it will be the company's liability. And the responsibilities of paying tax and a minimum wage. According to Oxford Internet Institute's Fair Work Research Project 2022, 11 Indian platforms were studied. And not a single one of these platforms could prove that their gig workers get at least local living wage after covering all work-related costs. Centre for Labour Studies at the National Law School, Bengaluru and Montfort Social Institute conducted a joint study in which they focused on the OLA and Uber taxi drivers in Hyderabad. They found something shocking. that the money a driver earns after working for a day on average 40% of that earning is spent on petrol or diesel alone. And most drivers work for 12-14 hours a day on average. Meaning, after bearing all the expenses, and considering inflation, if they can earn only a minimum wage, then these gig workers start working extra hours. It is also worth noting how these companies define themselves. They call themselves Tech Aggregators, Mediators or Facilitators. They will never use the word Employer. That too will create legal problems if they become Employers and Employees. They'll have to bear many expenses, and will need to take care of their employees. They don't want to get into these fuss, so they call themselves tech aggregators. These companies often claim that they have revolutionised the market by removing the middlemen. But just think about it, friends. What have they actually done is they have become the middlemen. On every ride, delivery, or service, they charge 15% to 25% commission and so have become a tech-based middleman. And since we're talking about these tech companies, then it is important to know how their software and algorithms create more problems Frontline covered an interesting case of a gig worker named Ankur. He has two sons. He used to work 12-14 hours a day for at least 6 days a week. as a cleaner with Urban Company. He used to travel between Delhi and Gurgaon daily. And one day, he met with an accident. Because of this, the jobs and gigs scheduled for that had to be cancelled because he had to get himself treated. And the next day, when he checked his account, he found that Urban Company had permanently blocked his account. He was shocked to see the reason behind this. When he checked, the reason was clearly written. "For cancelling more than 5 jobs a month." It wasn't about 5 days, it was about only 5 jobs. Since he cancelled 5 gigs because of his accident, his account was permanently blocked. Many gig workers face this problem where because of some random reason, their account or their ID is banned by these apps. There may be many reasons behind this. If someone calls the company and files a complaint against you. Or your ratings decrease on the app. Or you took some off-days. Think about it, friends. When I told you about the benefits of the gig economy, the biggest benefit for employees was that they get flexibility. But if there are such rules where rejecting a certain number of jobs can get you removed or cancelled from the app, is there any flexibility? This is a form of slavery. Where you will have to work to a set extent, and if you fail to do it, you will be removed from the app and you lose your job. According to this article, workers of Urban Company claim that the workers should have a minimum rating of 4.7 and the response rate should be above 70%. Moreover, not more than 5 jobs should be cancelled in a month. By avoiding being defined as an Employer, these companies are benefiting, these companies then use various ways to exploit these gig workers. The same Frontline article gives us another example of how, at one point, Urban Company gave discounts to customers, by using money out of workers' payment. Last year, more than 200 dark stores run by Zomato-owned Blinkit in Delhi NCR were shut down because the 'Delivery Executives' were on strike. What was the reason behind this? When the Delivery Executives signed a contract with Blinkit, the fees mentioned in the contract was ₹50 per order. But later it was reduced to ₹25 per order. And now it was reduced even further to ₹15 per order with a small distance-based fee component. A big issue here is that these gig workers have no channels to raise complaints against the company. Last year, we saw a case where Blinkit's employees were beaten up in Delhi because they didn't have loose change. Look at this case from January 2023, where 23-year-old Mohammad Rizwan was attacked by the customer's dog while delivering a Swiggy order. To protect himself from the dog's attack, Rizwan fell from the third floor and lost his life. The customer paid ₹500,000 as compensation for this as out-of-court settlement, but no compensation was paid by Swiggy. The company claimed that Rizwan was using his brother's account for the deliveries. So, for this accident, Swiggy bore no liability. This was a rare case but we do see many such incidents where people shout at gig workers for any delay in delivery. If the workers face any issues, their only recourse is to use chatbots for help. "If platform-based gig workers have problems, in their execution of work, or in fact, even if the customers have an issue with the execution of an order, your only recourse is chatting with a bot on the platform. You're prompted with question, you have to choose between a set of answers, that the bot is providing. If you are lucky to be able to cross a stage of conversation with the bot, there will be a call that will be made to you. But you don't have a toll-free number to which you can reach out and make a call. you have to wait for the call to come to you." It's quite rare for these apps, to allow them to call a human representative for help. According to Fortune India, most companies have replaced human managers and are using Artificial Intelligence or algorithms, to address complaints. For a customer, these apps are well made. If you are using these apps to order something, you will have multiple ways to raise complaints, and often, you get your money back for bad orders. But for these gig workers, the system isn't helpful at all. This is why we see so many strikes. In February 2023, workers of Ola, Uber, and Rapido staged a strike in Guwahati. Because their earnings were decreasing while the commission rate of the companies kept on increasing. The same month, 2,500 Ola and Uber cab drivers protested in Hyderabad regarding the high commission rates charged by these companies. Two months later, in April 2023, Blinkit's rate cuts happened. But despite the strikes, the rates remained the same. Many people don't understand the rating system of these companies. People think that if an Uber or Ola driver has provided a satisfactory service, he should be given 3 or 4 stars. He will get 5 stars only when he provides you an excellent service. On the other hand, people deduct stars on minor issues. Like, if a driver had some problem in finding the place, or was late, or didn't have the exact change. If you do the same, then think about it from the gig workers' perspectives. For them, falling below 4.5 stars often means losing their job. How will they run their household? So the next time you give a rating, 5 stars should be the default. If there are minor problems, ignore them. Unless these workers make a big mistake. Apart from this, do thank them for their hard work and sincerity. Because they work hard despite harsh conditions, and that is truly praiseworthy. And if we want to solve these problems, the solution needs to be stricter laws. Like other countries, the traditional labour laws in India do not cover gig workers. And as I said, companies can find loopholes quite easily. By not calling themselves Employers nor the gig workers Employees. It was only in 2020 that the Indian government passed a Social Security Code which included a definition of Gig Worker. "A person who performs work or participates in work arrangements and earns from such activities outside of traditional employer-employee relationship." It's a loose definition. According to this Act, a gig worker will get many Social Security benefits like Life and Disability Cover, Accident Insurance, Health and Maternity benefits, and old age protection. It sounds good enough, but the biggest problem is that this law has only been drafted. It hasn't been operationalised yet. Secondly, this law has a different definition of Gig Workers Platform workers, and Unorganised Workers. Platform workers are those who work outside the traditional employer-employee relationship. but they access organisations or individuals through an online platform and provide services for payment. An Uber or Ola driver can technically be called a Gig Worker as well as a Platform Worker. Because there is so much overlap in these definitions, it remains unclear how these schemes will apply to these workers. So, on one hand, where they are waiting for the Central Government to implement its Social Security Code, on the other hand, some state governments have started taking initiative to protect the rights of gig workers. Rajasthan government was the first to do so in 2023 before their state elections. The Rajasthan Platform Based Gig Workers (Registration and Welfare) Act. This Bill contains five main things. First, gig workers should be registered with the state government. Second, have access to social security schemes. Third, they should have a grievance redressal mechanism. Fourth, Welfare Boards be established and funded. For which the state government gave ₹2 billion. And fifth, there should be penalties for non-compliance by companies. The extra funds required to implement these, would come out of an additional cess of 1%-2% of the total bill, on every platform-based transaction. And because everything is carried out digitally, everyone will know exactly how did the work done by a worker, contributed to that fund. The Social Security benefits proposed to be given to the workers include accident, health insurance, maternity, gratuity, pension, EPF, ESIC, and even scholarships. It sounds really good. But how well is this law being implemented in Rajasthan? The relevant information isn't available online. Only those people can tell us this who are working in Rajasthan as gig workers. If you are one of such people, tell us more about this in the comments below. After Rajasthan, since Congress is in power in Karnataka too, a similar law has been proposed there a few weeks ago. The Karnataka Platform Social Security and Welfare Bill, 2024. And do you know what's interesting here? These companies have already started protesting against this bill. National Association of Software and Service Companies have claimed that the bill will harm the aggregators' business. Allegedly, this bill provides for a minimum notice period for terminations. Algorithmic disclosures are also being discussed. It wants to monitor and track different mechanisms. So some companies say that it will have a negative impact on their platforms and they won't be able to operate properly in the state. Think about it, these companies have a problem with giving minimum notice period to gig workers. The problems I listed in this video, other countries are also facing the same problems. And the solutions I talked about, these solutions have already been implemented abroad. The gig workers in Thailand and Malaysia get health and accident insurance which is financed by a similar 2% Cess on every ride. In America, the National Labour Relations Board has encouraged Uber and Lyft drivers and other gig workers to be organised and form labour unions. The UK and the Netherlands have recognised that gig workers have been misclassified. They are taking steps to reclassify them as employees. In December 2023, the European Union passed a Platform Workers Directive. According to this, all gig workers in European countries will be given rights and protections. Those who have been misclassified as being self-employed or a freelancer will be assumed to be regular employees. To do this, they created 5 criteria. There are five different criteria. If 2 of these criteria are satisfied, then a gig worker will be considered an employee. And the burden of proof is placed on these companies in relation to all gig workers working with the company, it is the company's responsibility to prove that these 5 criteria are not being satisfied. Now that this video is already so long, I won't go into the legal and technical details. Let's leave that to the lawyers and the experts who are working to fight for the rights of gig workers. Kunal Kamra has made an excellent documentary explaining this problem in detail. I will put the link to this documentary in the description below. Many clips used in this video were taken from this documentary. And finally, what can you and I do? Just as you open the door to your house to receive your orders, please, open the door to your hearts. The journey between Order Placed and Your Order Has Arrived try to visualise it. By default, if the transaction was satisfactory, then give them a 5-star rating always. And if there is a problem with your order, then remember that it is much better for you to complain as compared to telling the person delivering it. Link to Thatware is in the description below. And if you liked this video, then a stark contrast to this video, is this one. Where I talked about celebrities' fake lives. You can click here to watch it. Thank you very much!

  Top Comments:
  1. @dhruvrathee [7300 likes]: Agar aap ek gig worker hai toh is email ID par email kar ke Gig worker kanoon ko apna samarthan de sakte hain - gigworkershaq@gmail.com
  2. @sam.songs..9187 [1 likes]: Aaj mujhe 200 tip mila aur boht khushi hui mujhe ❤😊🎉
  3. @KalpitPatel-x4n: Super and harsh realities in India
  4. @pratapkumar3331: Isme kafi positive points bhi hai jaise flexiblity,no fix boss,
  5. @ayushsingh-g1m5j: Sir koi best idea earn karne ka😢
  6. @SachinSingh-ny1cr: Vedio 3:26 same sentence in hindi
  7. @jitendernashier8185: Sir all worker don't get same money others may get less than this thanks sir 🙏
  8. @Rahuldadhsemariy: Bahut badhiya video
  9. @RnShanawar-t4r: Ek truck drivers
  10. @shahidkhan-er3zg: Saari dikkato  ki wajah hamare yaha ki berozgari hai companies ko  pata hai ye berozgar  kaam zaroor karenge
  11. @SagarTheTruth-Commander: Bhai in companyo ko sirf commission chahiye baki koi mare ya jiye inko mtlb nhi orr log paglo ke tarf is sab main lage ha isse acha chai ko khoka khole waha jadi respect hai bhai
  12. @BhagwatKashyap-l1t: Salasar chutiyapanti dikhata hai
  13. @Shubhamraivelogs: M job chata hu kharar sas nagar mohali me m undergraduate hu nd abhi gig worker hu
  14. @officialnikhil2: Thank you sir 😢
  15. @RukuGadhan: I am delivery boy in uber parcel  best
  16. @AparupMitra-j6v: 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
  17. @nadiniGoutam-gq5wp: Ha sach baat hai bhot dikkat ati h or ha jo karta hai use hi pta hota h
  18. @Abhinav-f7g7i: Mai toh Bina kuch consider kiye hi 5 star dedeta hu 😂😂
  19. @prafulindian1: ❤
  20. @ansh.ludhiana420: Thank you Dhruv Rathee❤

- Working As A Food Delivery Rider: Are We Paid Enough? | Talking Point | Full Episode: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] foreign you might have bumped into them it was really good money I have to carry up this button interacted with them they might be uncomfortable I feel a lot like loneliness are oh even worked with them I honestly don't think that we have it easy the rising of course it's just something that we couldn't expect but do we really see them what are they hiding this is beyond Plain Sight I feel like the biggest challenge on the job is mainly maintaining a cancellation rate there are times whereby we meet a nasty customers where's my order where are you the point is that we're actually waiting for the order no unique number no block number then you do not know where to go yeah then time is actually money for food Panda there is a debt system and for grab laser tier system tier one will have more payout in camera just slowly climb up to kill one as long as Riders perform well and work diligently we'll be able to move up the bad system faster I've been finding out the harsh realities of what it means to be a food delivery Rider they are stuck in a cycle they Hustle Hard just to make ends meet because it rains so I actually gave us like a search fee so extra two dollars per hour but the hustle comes with some risks quite a few of them do encounter accidents the harder you hustle the more you'd earn also we'd think the truth is it's not how hard you work it's how the algorithm works and I'm about to find out why by putting my pedal switch to the metal 7 AM is actually a crucial timing that's where the Breakfast Club comes in James ho is what grab calls a food delivery partner he works full-time with just one platform because there are enough orders on grab in The Woodlands area where he stays and since I'm a newbie I'm spending a day learning the ropes from him James hey hello hello good morning he's asked me to meet him at 7am at the McDonald's in Woodlands most of the time McDonald's is always the person this is a sweet spot to be waiting okay how does it work basically this is the red driver app this is actually to go online morning it's a crucial hours so I need it to be on auto accept once I switch on just sit and wait what is the proximity of the area that we will deliver to in the app itself the system set us at the range of four kilometers once it's above the 4 km we are allowed to do a cancellation okay I think that's the order coming in terms of cancellation first and foremost if the distance is too fast we get to tensor it other than that it will be things like cash order because they are quite a handful of riders which they don't really like to accept cash all this most of the time the rider will cancel when it comes to cash order but in a day you cannot go above 10 percent cancellation rate ready roll okay let's go hi morning hello good morning your delivery there you go you're gonna enjoy music thank you bye okay so one down okay that's five dollars twenty cents in our pocket so we got a second order oh so fast so that and the drink yeah just hang on the hook there oh make sure you take the picture with the uni number right so we're just done with delivery number two but it's already but like what time is it now 10 30 in the morning what are we doing next time for our coffee break oh so from 8 am all the way to 11 A.M normally my audio tends to drop down a lot because of the shift system for myself I'm not able to book the ship because I'm actually at the tier of Ruby think of the tier system like a video game under the grand platform Riders must collect points to move up tears the lowest level is the emerald level then Ruby Sapphire and the highest diamond Point our Warden based on customer ratings and low cancellation rates the higher the tier the more benefits they get such as being able to book shifts which means they get priority orders during these timings and here's where it gets competitive once you get onto a tier you need to take a minimum number of orders or whisping downgraded and losing all the benefits tied to it this tier system is managed by the platform's algorithm other platforms also operate on similar ranking and incentive systems Diamond are people who really work at least like 16 18 hours and easily in one month they make about probably about 4K 5K most of this Rider they are actually motorbike oh not bicycle as well as I maintain 1050 deliveries every month so now okay Emerald is the most Junior so if I started today I would be Emerald right yes James moved from Emerald to Ruby two years ago but has been stuck at this tier for a year and he blames the algorithm which are a set of computing instructions that assign orders allocate shifts and set delivery fees people who are at a tier level of sapphire or Diamond get to book 8 AM to 11 A.M shift great times to give more orders to those people who has shipped from 8 to 11. per order rate is actually at 450 standard rate we have been seeing people with the shift system the one shot collect like three orders four orders but is there any way that Greg can do something about this you know probably give them a two order and then one order given to us and one other given to the inner Rider now I understand why James had me meet him at seven in the morning because once it hits eight which is also a popular time for food delivery orders generally go to Riders of a higher tier oh he's not picking up okay so we're now calling a grab customer service because our customer has not shown up we've called him three times he's not picking up so we've got to figure out what to do Roger thank you and while we haven't said delivered that means we can't get another order we're just sorting that out right just when I think it can't get any worse it does oh it is almost even thank you I've been shadowing grab food delivery writer James for the last five hours there you go and any hopes of making more money are about to be dashed I'm gonna pull over to the side here what happened okay A bit of bad news something's wrong with this bike so a little bit stuck out here that is the gear inside oh this is a very serious taste oh no okay which means you need to send to mechanic oh boy oh there is over Stephen yeah looks like it no bike and we are only having for this I know oh man and that's not even 100 and I've spent 100 over dollars to repair that oh boy okay that is bad news indeed okay so we had four bookings and we made a grand total of 17 and 30 cents it's been a tough day yeah So Yesterday James ebike broke down halfway which meant we could not complete the day so today I've brought him another e-bike gonna lend it to him as he goes about supervising me as I fulfill his orders oh we just got an order wait a minute what is this uh red dots is it three orders is this a stack order yep you right there's three orders but I noticed the total value is only like 12.70 so it's less right less than normal it's much lesser only 12.70 for three orders no means about five bucks each right yeah but normally for stack orders the price tags would be lower nowadays 390 plus right right zero seven here we go yeah oh hi there you go okay enjoy you too okay so there were three jobs back to back uh quite fast but you know it feels good to get it done hello everything there okay okay so about 11 A.M we've been at work for what almost four or five hours already yep can we check see how much we've been so far oh okay not bad 23 dollars and twenty cents I mean compared to yesterday this is good so actually the ones you're on the diamond tier are the incentives any different in the past when Diamond Riders Chung for the incentive from Monday to Thursday if they manage to hit 100 jobs which is 100 Jam they get at least about 180 dollars of incentive extra and now how much now there's a slight drop so if even if you hit 100 drop you'll probably get about 120 dollars that's the maximum I think basically right now I would say that it's actually the incentive money issue which they drop it down so it's like in the past we are making so much in a month but right now we are making so so little in a month hey we got a job here we go here we go Gotta order hello hi yep the numbers okay man oh it's good to sit down so the all important question man how much money did we make today 37.70 we had seven bookings which you want to take over my position um sorry no not really so I'm glad to be heading home after two days of work let's just say the first day was a bit of training and today was the actual day but after 10 hours of being on the job to be paid only 37 I mean gotta say that's disappointing my dad he passed away not here I can't tell myself that I'm the only man in the family right now I have to carry up this button you know if my dad can do it why can't I the next day I'm back to visit James today is his one day off a week so did you manage to get it repaired yep fix up the gear and how much uh it cost me 120 dollars ah I guess no choice right so how did you actually end up becoming a delivery Rider I was actually in the FMB industry okay and at the same time doing a freelance events planner but during the coffee I got barely healed and conquering at the same time my dad also passed away at a point of time so partially because of that I just want to spend more time with my mom I think I found that oh they have flexible working hours yeah you can start any point of time you want you can end at any point of time you want so how much do you make now as a delivery right there right now um making around thousand six to two thousand dollars a month and where is all this money going let me show you okay so are you responsible to pay for the maintenance of this place me and my sis we are sharing it okay okay so I'm paying the daily allowance uh to my mom that's probably at the average of about uh 400 to 600 a month so these are the groceries okay are you paying for all this uh part of it plus minus monthly about two to three hundred dollars so do you think it's possible to live like that if it feels like there's no savings whatsoever is that right uh yes you already said it that's why currently I'm also looking around hoping to probably get a full-time job or something at it and what about your retirement do you have any savings set aside for it said you say this woman right now not able to James Works 10 hours a day six days a week he earns a thousand six hundred dollars a month which is barely enough to support himself and his elderly mother James Works full-time as one of grab Foods delivery partners grab food is Singapore's largest platform delivery company be a delivery partner and you get medical leave insurance upskilling and training and even a chance to own your own motorbike sounds attractive to me why then are drivers like James so unhappy with the system I'm bringing his complaints to Graham so I've got a few questions for you today and I wanted to start off by sharing one of those from one of the writers I hung out with for a few days so let me show you this why can't Emirate or Ruby the ship planner for for Woodlands area and only allows people who are actually at Sapphire or even Diamond level to book this kind of unfair to most of the Riders Chief is really a new product feature that we're testing out where our partners could book particular shifts to be operating in the particular area and the idea is that in exchange for that commitment to be there they get some income Assurance right it's something that we're still testing out so far not yet in in the Woodlands area shift is one way for us to actually bring those Supply drivers to a place so that we can better fulfill the the demand there from Jane's point of view the incentives seem inconsistent what is the reason for that so one statistics about 80 80 85 percent of our drivers are on a part-time basis there are also people that are on a full-time basis and for those people their livelihood really depends solely just on the graph so as the tier goes higher those are the people that are more relying on grab as the income and so we think it's also important that some of these more priority allocation and privilege such as shift is ring fans for these small committed people well while James does it full-time as as well it is his only job the way to think about income is not just all about incentives right there is a base fare and the base Fair ensures that the effort that someone like James put in is equitably accounted for so at that base fare level we're going to make sure that it's fair and that the income not going below a certain level what is the income level you're looking at for them to maintain stability we Benchmark that for example with income that you get for example from the FMB industry I was looking at how much a restaurant worker is being paid something like 1400 so that's not a lot and our drivers would know that we actually ensure that we're very competitive on that level what I can emphasize on is that we pay our drivers fairly based on the effort that they put in what do you mean by effort is distance right so if you're traveling a long distance you're doing more jobs per hour you get pmo but within reason right so we were very conscious of making sure that our incentives scheme is not designed such that the harder the work e regard of safety the more you earn and that's detrimental if you start to see that they are you know behaving in such a way that's dangerous we actually recommend and in some cases we actually block them from driving if it's dangerous can food delivery actually be a sustainable job it can be it's food delivery an easy job I'm sure it's not it's tiring it's tiring so I would not say it's something for everyone with such uncertainties what happens when you want out also delivery rider for Prius to get back into the career path again it worries me you know your last shot was a treadless today James is sending out his resume for the last few months he's been trying to apply for a job in the FNB or events management industry something he had previous experienced with before he became a delivery Rider and any responses uh not yet still Indonesia waiting to be favored I have lost touch in the FMB industry for a couple of years so I I feel a bit worried about that actually when I set out my resume so have you found it very hard to switch jobs and this woman right now I would say so yes because as a delivery writer for Prius to get back into the career path again I think it worries me you know as you can see from my resume here Steve my education level I don't really have a high education level have you ever considered taking courses trying to upskill yourself learn something new actually I did the most recent one was actually the security course but when I went for a course I found my third paper oh yeah that's the toughest one I see yes to enhance Rider protection Singapore authorities are rolling out several measures starting 2024. among them requiring platform workers below the age of 30 to contribute to their cpf so they will have enough savings for retirement and housing they will also be compensated for their earnings if they get injured on the job regardless of which platform they're on but are these measures enough has been watching the delivery platform landscape since the pandemic started and has written several commentaries on it the recommendations from the advisory committee for platform workers has actually resulted in a Quantum Leap Improvement for protection for the workers if you look at the protections that they have right the workplace injury compensation act and also cpf contribution actually in many ways they look like employees today so I would suggest it's a hybrid approach that we've taken in Singapore that is adequate protection for the Riders on one hand and then on the other hand for the platform companies they have certain flexibilities right in having these Riders not be employees of the companies what aspects of employment should these platforms oversee the biggest aspect that the platform should oversee is actually in the area of safety to put in place a framework or ads in the rider's bag to manage the safety I'm very pleased to see actually that grab has actually made great progress in this respect is there any way to make the income for these Riders less volatile Germany has taken this direction the courts in Germany have indicated that the cost of the control that the platform companies have on the riders that results in the platform companies having a responsibility to provide the implements or the tools for the Riders to actually do their work so whether it's a smartphone to get the orders or whether it's the vehicle maybe in terms of what they spend to upkeep the vehicle you know in terms of the smartphone so the cost side if that reduces maybe the income becomes a bit more stable we have all interacted with food delivery Riders at least once for some of us more often we do need their services so this job is definitely here to stay the question is how do we make it a sustainable one

  Top Comments:
  1. @MrSheares [1 likes]: Revealed how unfair the system is, it gets to decide everything
  2. @Adamfound13 [1 likes]: I counter one fussy customer, asking me to send his order quickly, i told him I can’t ride to fast because I might get caught speeding he insisted, so I left his food near the trash bin, when I arrived I took a picture and send to him. 😅
  3. @maman89: Really ? Absolutely zero pushback while sitting down with the Managing Director of Grab ? What a joke cheerleading fluff piece
  4. @Michael_H_Nielsen: It is close to slave labour. exploiting desperation.
  5. @maryOh-x7q6o: The questions are why are we losing jobs to foreignersss😂
  6. @michelwong1: You aware of the system, either you accept it or qui 。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
  7. @botchopz-o5i: The entire tier system is built on the algorithm where the computer detects how much do you want to work, and it will send out the incentives based on the tier-based reward system, however it is also an entrapment in disguise, because they know that the riders are eventually stuck at a spot where they have to work long hours and shifts to make end meets. It tests how desperate you are for the orders and therefore some day there are times where you can only have 10 orders and each incentives get lesser, but without you knowing. It is more like a psychological experiment, where they want to see how much a labour worker can work before his body tears apart.
  8. @AndersYap: The so called work 15 hours and you can earned 8k was just bullshit ! In that 15 hours you could’ve 5 hours without a singer order . Tbf unless you are undergraduate , can’t find a good pay job , looking for a job that can suit your timing because of certain commitments , doing as just part time or a uncle just work and buy yourself few bottles of beer ( Lots of these people in fact ) then will be fine . If you need to support your whole family , pay HDB loans and etc , don’t even consider this as a full time job . You can easily earn the same pay and guaranteed even more in sales line working in an air conditioned place .
  9. @andersyap5954: I totally agreed about some talking about Malaysian/China illegally working as food/ transport driver in Singapore . I hope Mom will seriously work and chevk with the delivery platforms to stopped these people from working . I will not believe that there are so much Singapore Wonen would married to a Malaysian with low incomes and also it’s so easy to apply for a PR in Singapore . Don’t forget one thing , they’re earning Singapore $ and spend most in Malaysia or China ! I hope grab management will look into this matter !
  10. @Private_Confidential_NA: feature other jobs like flyer distributor, rideshare/taxi/bus driver, food/parcel delivery, supermarket, fastfood staff, insurance, property agent too!👍🌟❤
  11. @justapasserby7285: 11:46 so that's where the whole pushing the customers to tip part comes in. Even for rides these days I get quite a few 'are you tipping? If you tip I'll come over to pick you' really leaves such a bad taste when they pull that move. Prices are rising too , so please don't expect every customer to be able to tip. I've been using grab a lot less now because of this issue
  12. @GoAndTryAgainn: Long story short, grabfood delivery is not a full time job. You may think it is but it's not.
  13. @Meowy555: Why never ask why they decrease their pay?
  14. @Ron28034: If this video gets a 100 like can you have a labubu give away 🥹🥹
  15. @touyakaga5078: kurt tay
  16. @snk7: Way too many plastic bags used.
  17. @viralbeast3916: which country is this
  18. @kurthandrews6206: That’s life. It’s not a conspiracy.
  19. @HasbullahAli-o3x: Hire less foreigners for those jobs that singaporeans can do! More riders on the road means more locals losing jobs to foreigners!
  20. @CantonVGC: Love the video, but only 7 orders in one day?! And diamond status requires 100? You got a long way to go.

- Life Lessons From a 7-Thousand-Mile Bike Ride | Short Film Showcase: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] I've met a lot of older people grandparents teachers who give me the spiel of my life went by so fast just yesterday I was 19 or 25 and and now I don't know where all that time went I just blinked and I was 80 and I think about that and I'm like what a what a strange way to be alive back in California I had this fear of building this routine in my 30s and suddenly the decade is gone and so I promised myself I would do something radically different and I'm gonna do something that scares the crap out of me and see if that changes my brain chemistry I've been living on my bicycle for a year now bikes from Oregon down America down Mexico Central America and into South America and people ask me why do you live on a bike why did you quit your job why are you doing this my answer is this the routine is the enemy it makes it fly by when you're a kid everything is astonishing everything is new and so your brain is awake and turned on so every passing second your brain is learning something new learning how the world works and so the muscle of your brain is activated and as you get older and your brain has figured out the patterns of the way the world works this is how you make money this is how you graduate school this is how you get a mortgage this is how you have kids I've got that on lockdown I know my car and I'm gonna go to work every day and I'm gonna check out all these things and once your brain establishes a routine it stops the alertness goes away the fascination with the way the world works I think that's what travel in general does it wakes up your brain I'll go into a new country the Panama to Colombia these countries I'm like scared because and I'll find it beautiful and shocking every Hill I cross over is insanely awesome my brain is fascinated I didn't know my brain can be so turning I want to be aware of every day I'm alive and I want to make it to 85 and be exhausted because I have been alive and awake every single day and that I think that's the duty of being an adult is when you're a kid everything's new so you don't have to work for it you're just astonishment once you're an adult that's a choice you choose adventure for your own but it's not about the bike it's about getting out of your routine to look like anything that's what I'm doing here that's why I'm doing this bike because I don't want my days to control me I don't I don't want my life the calendar to be my boss I want to control my day I want to choose the adventures that I go on and I want to choose of a mind and a soul that's wide awake because in a sense it turns your hundred years on this planet into a thousand and so I mean that's why I'm doing this bike trip you

  Top Comments:
  1. @tamimrahmansaju4220 [4 likes]: 2024 Who is watching this year?
  2. @Ronzok_ [1 likes]: while i agree 100%, how do you finance such a trip...?
  3. @thedoopa3169 [1 likes]: how do people afford to eat. i know you can fish and stuff but how are these people taking the time to bike everywhere? its gotta be expensive.
  4. @andibaker4218 [1 likes]: This is absolutely beautiful and peaceful. Being 21, I have no plans for what I want to do after college except bike across the U.S. with my dad. This is inspiring!
  5. @Cycling-with-Steve: 👍
  6. @Nick-o8u6p: I wanted to show this in my class, but the music is too distracting
  7. @wakawaka1445: I've been watching this video for the last like 8 years. I think now and it absolutely profoundly changed the way I was looking at life. I've also shared it with many, many people hoping it helps
  8. @talhahshahid9191: Beautiful ❤❤❤
  9. @BrownHatPictures: Where i cannfind this movie
  10. @HeatherCampbell-kc7fx: 2025...where and what has changed in your life since..??
  11. @Soywin0520: I can never have this kind of freedom
  12. @manojbaskaran2853: Am seeing this # 13/05/2025 .
Am at my reading room, pondicherry, india.

Hope i will comeback again 😅😅.
Routine is enemy..
I dont want be controlled by anything.
I wanna do adventure...
  13. @dhwanishah7122: "The routine is the enemy of time."
  14. @porkchop1343: Easy to say. Hard to do.,Don’t forget to mention the cost. All of don’t have money for that.
  15. @johndub6543: Wow. It must be nice to be able to afford an experience like this.
  16. @tamimrahmansaju4220: This video inspires me ❤
  17. @sagar.bajpai: Watched this video when I was 19 years old and here I’m watching again at 27. 
Life is just passing by
  18. @deldridg: Each to their own. Hard to have a family with no routine, though having a family is not for everyone. Hard to develop proficiency in anything without a routine, though again, perhaps that is not for everyone either. For me, with a level of routine in life, I have a family, a house etc., and have seen a lot of the world and sometimes feel like life has gone in a blink, other times not so. I guess it's more of an individual thing and probably very much dependent on your mindset. I will say, that other than a bit of YT, I do not waste hours on electronic devices - the main thief of time, much preferring to be physically doing something, usually on a trail somewhere! Cheers from Sydney - Dave
  19. @badhuz23: Revisiting this gem video after many years ❤
  20. @abbas_alit: I want to make a lot of money to know it is not worth it

- The Hidden Lives of Food Delivery Riders: Kind: captions Language: en-GB It's a stressful job. It's also quite hectic. You get tired after a while. Europe, where people come from far and wide with dreams. I want to own a shops, small businesses. They come with hopes and expectations. We have some dreams of our own when we come here and leave everything behind. If I wasn't delivering, I'd go out with a friend. But somewhere along the way those dreams quietly turn into survival. Normally, I work 10 hours. At least 12 to 10 hours. If you don’t earn… how will you survive It covers your expenses, there's nothing else in it. It's just work. Sometimes it's good, sometimes it's bad. Do they know you are a delivery rider? No, they don't. This is the story of those who despite being an important part of society, are overlooked . The average UK consumer spends a significant portion of their income on takeaway. But have you ever wondered what the lives of the people who run this entire system are like? In the eyes of our own people, we delivery drivers mean nothing. I dream of building a home of my own, on my own. buy a car someday. My work 8 hours of working. I make nearly £70 to £80 which is enough . Life here is so fast and busy that people don't have time to cook. Sometimes it's sunny, sometimes it's cloudy, sometimes it's raining, sometimes it 's stormy. But we keep going. According to statistics, approximately two out of every five people in Europe regularly use food apps. I spent a week with these riders and only then did I understand what their lives are really like. This work isn't as easy as it seems. it's not just riding. I mean, it's not just about riding a bike, there's a lot of waiting involved. You have to wait for your first order. Once the order arrives, you have to go to the restaurant and wait for it to be prepared. Once it's ready, you have to come back and wait there to make sure there's no problem. They'll come to get the order or not. I went to meet a Pakistani immigrant living in London who, besides being a mother, also works as a delivery rider in London. Mariam. Nice to meet you, Mariam. How are you? How can I come in? Mariam runs her own small business during the day and works part-time as a delivery rider. I make handmade slime from scratch. I import all the supplies from China , and then I make the finished product. Then I sell it on TikTok shop, Shopify, Ebay and Etsy. I am selling it, and it's like for stress management. I moved to London in November 2024, and after coming here, everyone was like, ' Moving to London is a big step,' and I should not move to London.' Mariam's starting journey, like the other riders, was quite challenging. The first time, I didn't know how the area mattered. So, I picked up my first order from a place close to home. But the delivery address was so far away that there weren't any restaurants there, and I wasn't sure if I will get more orders there. So, I waited there for an hour, hoping order would come . Then, after trying two or three times, I went and parked on Wimbledon High Street. So, the thing is, you get all the orders around High Street. Maybe that's my experience, but all the orders were around High Street. And after delivering those, I got next order really quick. Mariam is not just a delivery rider, but also a mother. I wanted to understand how she manages business, delivery, and all that, while being a mother. I prefer going when my son falls asleep, Or I go when he's in school, these days there is no school, So normally I go when he is at school. I'm not able to go regularly or daily these days because he's home, and as long as he's home, I'm looking after him. So, after he goes to sleep, or sometimes if my sister is off and she's with him, then I do it . Many students in the UK who don't get a job after completing their studies start delivery work after getting a PSW. I completed my studies and I got my PSW. I just got my PSW. PSW is a type of work permit that is granted for two years after completing studies in the UK . I recently completed my studies in May 2025. After that, I've been on a work permit. I came here on student visa and switched to PSW. Mariam isn't alone. There are thousands of riders like her. Who work two to three jobs and work 14 to 16 hours a day. I work 16 to 17 hours here. Shivam, a 28-year-old living in Central London, manages his main job as well as delivery work. I went to meet Shivam to understand how students on PSW manage two to three jobs. I just started in February. I've been working for two months. My main job is at Picture House Cinema. Shivam works 12 to 16 hours a day and also shares food delivery-related content on social media. If you were in your country, you would have choice. Here, we 're here only to earn money, so money or choice is not a question. Money matters only. Do you miss home. Yes, I miss home, but when the money comes, it's not a problem. Now I slowly get used to it. It's been three years here. I asked Shivam an important question: Does his family know he used to deliver there? Yes, everyone knows. There's nothing to hide. All jobs are the same. Working at a restaurant is also a lower-level job. This is also a lower-level job. This is also a similar job. So, are you happy in your life? Yes, I am happy. I am able to make enough money. And I asked the same question to Mariam: Does her family know she is a delivery rider? They had a very weird reaction like, "Okay, this is something very crazy, and I'm getting myself into trouble for no reason." It was kind of weird, like they look down on this job That is how they reacted and what about your parents , Parents are in Pakistan, I mean, do they know you are a delivery rider, no, they don't. And this is Mariam's daily life Mariam isn't alone; I met another female delivery rider, she 's also a mother and works as a delivery rider in Central London. I started five years ago. She used to work full-time as a chef, which she left because she has young children, and this delivery job gives her time flexibility. For me, delivery is better because I can make my time. Because I have kids, I need to help kids in school. I need to drop kids in school. Pick up kids in school. For me is better. But the real question is whether she earns enough money for herself and her kids just by delivering or not? Sometime's not every time, when it is good, then you can make money. When it is not, good, you need to do something different. Delivery is very popular not only among females but also among youngsters due to the flexibility of gig economy. I am not working under anyone. I have a freedom. Don't work under anyone. There is freedom in it A good job is a delivery job. Do it whenever you feel like. If you don't feel like it, call it a day. If we're talking about takeaway and you're in the UK, the number one takeaway in the UK is Chinese. London has the UK's largest Chinatown, with thousands of Chinese restaurants. You'll see thousands of people here, and a large number of food delivery riders waiting and taking deliveries. On most weekends, a single rider picks up over 100 orders and takes them to people's homes. Everywhere you look, there are riders everywhere Look one, two, three, four... Riders everywhere! The busier the area gets, the harder it becomes for riders. And Chinatown is no different. Rates in Chinatown are high because it's always busy and there are traffic issues. Due to traffic, Apps pay extra pounds. It used to be good, but it's been a bit slow for the past year and a half. What is happening now is that we are facing a lot of problems. Earlier it was good. Uber used to give delivery for 6 pounds, 7 pounds something per mile, now it is giving 2 pounds, 3 pounds something for only one mile, so we are facing a lot of problems, in all of this if you depend on delivery then it becomes very difficult to run the house, for now This is how life is in UK I have been doing delivery for the last four years, so this is the fourth year, today is the worst day out of these four years and here Marriam is waiting for her first order. Normally, how long does it take to get a ride? If it's not busy, you won't get any for even half an hour, and if it's moderate, it takes 3-4 minutes So, what are you thinking while waiting ? What's going on in your mind? Normally, I edit my reels. Doesn’t all that waiting get frustrating? Sometimes, yeah… especially when It was too hot Like one day… it was unbearably hot. or it's raining, or the weather isn't favorable, then you get frustrated more quickly. We are ready now! now, and now the wait begins, "Sorry." I say it like that, I talk to myself... Sometimes, they have to wait for hours for an order. Sometimes it comes within two minute… sometimes it can take half an hour. I've been waiting for two hours now and one order so far just sitting and waiting If it's quiet, you have to wait for an hour at least. And a big reason for this is that people do part-time delivery jobs along with their main jobs. This results in more riders and fewer orders. Work is limited here. We get very little work on Thursdays and Thursdays. Some days are good… and some days are quiet. The old riders get plenty of orders… new riders hardly get any. And here, after waiting for half an hour, Marriam got her first order. I think it's 5 to 7 minutes ride. And for that, you'll get £2.90. Wearing gloves feels like your hands aren't working. Meaning, even doing small things are difficult. Is it because of the cold… that you wear gloves? But even then, my hands are a little cold. Like, I don't layer up, as my friend suggested, because you have to wear multiple layers to protect yourself from the cold. But right now, the weather is normal. It's not that bad bad weather is a nightmare for delivery riders . it rains a lot here in London. When it rains… things get a bit difficult. Let's go. So we have delivered this order. After this, another order has come. Another order has come. So how much did you earn from this order as well? I have earned 3 pounds from this order right now. Let me show you some. This is what I earned from this order. 3 pounds. Yes. Okay. Okay. So do you think this ride is worth it at the rate of 3 pounds. Yes, okay. It is 1 km. It takes 5-7 minutes to come. Now, if the time is not busy, then we have to place these orders also. If it is busy, then there is a boost at that time. Boost means you get one and a half times the money . Well, if this same order were boosted 1.5 times, I'd easily earn around 4-5p . When it comes to food delivery income, riders in different areas have different opinions. The pay rate is 12.21, so earning a decent wage is reasonable. I started at 12:00 and currently make 80 pounds. If I work 10 to 12 hours, I'd make 80-90 pounds . Sometimes I could even make 100 pounds. Or I don't think you'll earn as much as your efforts. But those using multiple apps have some benefits. But I only have one app right now. So I don't think it's enough. Then Mariam picked up another order, and we set out to deliver. The stress of food delivery isn't just about getting the order, picking it up, or picking it up. The connectivity is down. Even getting there often presents difficulties. Sometimes the address isn't found, sometimes the app doesn't work, and sometimes some other issue occurs, and that's what happened with Mariam. "Okay, what's the house?" "Sorry, my app is hanging up." So the map is showing me right for "I 'm on, like, outside your house," "House number 2138." And after repeated calls and messages, when the address is found, the customer is already annoyed. The riders' only request to the customer is: "Be patient, customers don't care about them because the customers think you make them already know you." The customer is everything. South Hall, London, is often called "Little India." Most of the people here are Asian , with Indians being the largest number. Pakistani, Afghan, and other South Asian communities also live here . There's also a Butt Kadhai in South Hall. You'll find South Asian restaurants everywhere . Street food is available, and you'll feel as if you're in your own country or wandering through a street in your own city. Enjoying street food. The reason for coming here was that you 'll see numerous food delivery riders standing outside almost every stall, every restaurant, and every cafe. So I thought I'd come here and talk to them about how busy the food delivery business is here and how different it is from Central London. No, deliveries are more in Central London because the population density is much higher there, and there are deliveries here, but not as many as there. Look, there's a difference in earnings between Central London and here. There are no orders placed. There 's just one order placed, and I'm sitting in front of you, waiting. How long do I have to wait? I don't know, brother. There are a lot of delivery drivers here because job options are limited. Those who don't have any job options get their ID and take a bicycle or bike and go out. They make 150 rupees, and sometimes 150 rupees on weekdays and weekends. Even 140 rupees goes by . So if they don't order, then you can think about earning, right? If no one orders, how will I make it? Most people of Indian and Pakistani origin live here, preferring to cook their own food rather than deliver it. However, if we talk about white people, they don't cook; they mostly order in and prefer spending. Whether it's Central London, Chinatown, or Southwark, each place has its own challenges . But one thing I learned from them is that they never forget to celebrate their small joys . Manu gives £1,000 for £100 delivery . That was a great day for me. I went to Europe the next day. The delivery was for £3, but the guy gave me a £50 tip. So, it was a great day for me, and it was a day of delivery. There's no doubt that being a delivery rider is a challenging job. Dangerously so in their week, whether it's a storm, a hurricane, or a long night. These people don't stop, they just keep going. What does mummy say when we call? Mummy doesn't say anything. Mummy just says that if you could take care of the food and drinks, everything would go on. Next time when your order is late, before getting angry, think for a moment that the person bringing your food on two wheels is not just carrying food but also his dreams. I wish brother that he should order food. Whether we get money or anything else, it means that he should order food online. It saves your time also. We provide you food with everything.

  Top Comments:
  1. @travelwisdombyumair [1 likes]: This documentary honestly felt no less than a BBC production. The cinematography, storytelling, and emotions were on another level. Huge respect for the way you captured the lives of Pakistani, Indian, and Bangladeshi riders in London. Every rider had a unique story, struggle, and journey that most normal people never truly understand. You didn’t just make a video, you gave a voice to hardworking people who keep the city moving every single day. Absolute masterpiece 👏🔥
  2. @HarshjeetKalita: Dk why ppl are not checking out this masterpiece 😢
  3. @anirbandas7320: sab fraud or useless degree aur nakli result leke jaane wala gujrati, punjabi, south indian, pakistani, aur poor middle eastern wala, violating visa rules. aur ye cinema banane walo ka bhi visa status check karo aur Deport karo
  4. @rejaulislam2593: Very well shot and articulated ❤❤
  5. @YousafSaani-w7n: Good reality check for someone who thinks eu is all rambow n sunshine
  6. @HarshjeetKalita: keep growing good luck bro
  7. @shahidabbas2879: Danial your vlogs are best. Please try and make more frequenly

- We Put 7 Uber Drivers in One Room. What We Found Will Shock You.: Kind: captions Language: en why does Uber win well because it's rigged in their favor right in 2023 a law professor published a paper with shocking implications her research found that Tech firms like uber and Lyft were using secret algorithms to dictate what drivers earn based on factors we can't even see she called it algorithmic wage discrimination and this technology or revolution isn't restricted to ride share companies once that technology is in there they can raise prices on a hot summer day you know I want a lot of ice cream I want Lemonade they're running low they can raise the price the price of milk even your paycheck the very fabric of our economy all controlled by invisible and unaccountable algorithms so about a year ago I started reaching out to the companies they largely denied it only to contradict themselves a few months later then I reached out to the academics and one of the frustrating things was that the evidence seemed to be in the shadows a single study a hint in an earnings call a story from a driver it was mostly theoretical until a few months ago when I got an email from a guy I had published a video that argued Uber's Newfound profitability came at the expense of drivers and Riders he said we were at the tip of the iceberg so I called him we talked 3 weeks later I was on a flight to Los Angeles looking to settle the question one once and for all are ride share companies offering drivers different rates for the same work what I found put the legality of this whole Tech revolution in question they have broken every single local state federal law when it comes to labor when it comes to Transportation that's Sergio aedan he sent me the email he's an experienced driver and a senior contributor at the ride here guy an influential resource for Gig economy workers we were used to something called a rate car we were used to getting paid by time and distance then overnight the transparency vanished replaced by a secret algorithm that takes into account potentially hundreds of different variables they called it upfront pricing Uber's losses turned to profits around that same time coincidence I don't know lift followed suit and now they claim they're on the path to profitability the algorithms are set up in a way to charge the rider as much as it's possible and to pay the driver as little as possible a lot of drivers feel Uber and lft are paying different wages for the same rides but we don't really know because the companies they aren't talking we're doing a very simple thing we're picking up people point a to dropping off point B I shouldn't make less money than the next guy I should not but because it's not regulated because we don't have raid cards because we don't know what we're going to make trip to trip it's demoralizing It's upsetting so with Sergio's help we decided to test it we called seven experienced drivers to a hi traffic area in Los Angeles with the sole purpose of testing if ride Sher companies are paying different rates for the same rides at the start each driver will activate their screen capture software open up the app and place their phones on the table why the table Sergio has done similar experiments and the rate disparities were blamed on location differences when the experiments are done the drivers will send their screen recording to Sergio's team who will then sync and analyze the fairs and then we're going to see what's really going on [Music] he's getting paid a dollar more if he goes there according to the map and uh nobody else is nobody else is seeing that dollar surge we found that Uber offered the same rides 46 times to multiple drivers 63% of the time one of the drivers was offered a bit less money for the exact same ride they want to make few pennies difference and few Pennies on 2.7 billion trips a quarter which is from the last earnings report is millions hundreds of millions of dollars lift was even worse the price Gap wasn't just a little off it was a lot off we saw differences of up to $3 to4 after bonuses and drivers don't know why one person gets a bonus and another doesn't well that adds up like on 30 chips at 10 bucks a day that's 300 bucks a month why should I get paid less 300 bucks a month than the other guy I contacted Uber and lft to see how they calculate fairs Lyft well they never responded Uber directed me to a blog post when I explained the experiment's results they replied by copying and pasting a portion of that same blog post the section outlines different reasons drivers could see different fairs but we controlled for everything that we could we called the drivers to the same space placed their phones inches apart had driver monitoring incoming promotions and constantly refreshing their screen the only thing we didn't account for was any secret test Uber could have been running at the time which we couldn't because the fair algorithm is secret and the test is secret there's a whole lot of questions here like mainly is this legal and there's no laws against algorithmic wage discrimination that article I mentioned at the start suggests that opaque algorithms can easily facilitate violations of anti-discrimination laws Uber denies this but their own research reveals a glaring disparity wom drivers earn 7% less than men potentially due to setting but there's an argument that the entire business model is illegal from our perspective Uber's and lift's business model is based on control uh without responsibility that's David seigman he's the executive director of towards Justice a legal nonprofit that defends workers from corporate overreach in 2022 the organization helped lead a lawsuit on behalf of three ride shair drivers the lawsuit says if you are not an employer um subject to your and accountable to your workers under the labor laws then you are powerful firms that are abusing your power under State uh antitrust competition law and unfair and deceptive acent practices laws David is describing the cognitive dissidence rer operators have when classifying driver they want to have it both ways Uber and lift classifi drivers as independent contractors not employers a crucial distinction as an employee you're making money for someone else which means benefits protections and a boss who can tell you what time to show up but as an independent contractor you're supposedly making money for yourself with no benefits or protections but Freedom you're Your Own Boss if these drivers are as you say independent then they need to have true economic independence we allege that the companies have denied them that economic independence most importantly by taking away their uh their ability to set prices for themselves but right now Uber LIF set prices for Riders and wages for drivers to maximize one thing their own profits drivers are left out Uber and LIF are saying we're not one company right we're we're we're just a platform and all of our drivers uh are um Independent Business people under our antitrust laws they need to have the economic independence to set their own prices we heard something similar at our Roundtable discussion after the experiment every participant wanted to be an independent contractor they like the freedom they also want Uber and lift to treat them like actual independent contractors when I don't have a control over the pricing and you keep calling me an independent contractor there's something very wrong with that picture and for drivers dependent on the r your platforms to make a living it's hard when you're making under minimum wage especially for people that do this full-time in California they're working 70 to 80 hours just to put food on the table which is really really rough if you look at who's on the board of both of these companies it tells you that we have nobody on our side right when the general Council of uber is Tony West and he's the brother-in-law of kamla Harris then then it tells you that these companies are tight with government why does Uber win well because it's rigged in their favor right there's a reality where drivers could be actual independent contractors set their own rates on these platforms and compete for your business but that's not our world yet instead the companies are spending hundreds of millions of dollars rewriting State labor law to reinforce the idea that drivers aren't employees while using the fine print to handle private challenges that's been absolutely essential to Uber's and lift's business model so well they've tried to race to write laws to their benefit they've also tried to protect themselves from public litigation through the fine print of their contracts and through arbitration clauses that's where David's case on behalf of the three drivers ended a superior court sent it to private arbitration the end result isn't public we should be also be clear about is just because you're exempt from laws governing you know for example unemployment insurance premiums that doesn't mean you're exempt from Anti-Trust laws and competition laws federal and state enforcers aren't subject to forced arbitration agreements they can investigate um and bring enforcement actions against these R share companies it's likely also a violation of state competition law especially in States like California that prohibit vertical price fixing so the California Attorney General's office would also be in a prime position to investigate the issue and bring an enforcement action like that one but this issue of algorithmic pricing stretches Beyond ride share we're just at the beginning stages of what I feel is like a battle between the common folk and then that manager class and upwards there's credible reporting that Walmart Amazon and McDonald's are all experimenting with the technology those companies employ over 3 million people in July the FTC announced it was investigating surveillance pricing that's the practice of companies using complex algorithms and Untold data points to offer personalized pricing the fear is that prices for something like Children's Tylenol will suddenly Skyrocket across major online stores just because you typed infant fever into Google why because retailers know you're desperate the FDC is investigating Walmart Amazon and the leading technology vendors we need to do the same thing but for wages the power of these Giants lies in their ability to keep everyone consumer drivers Regulators blindfolded they're backed by billions of dollars worth of sophisticated algorithms and legal gymnastics leaving us to fight in the dark maybe there's an innocent explanation to our Fair experiment but we won't know until the federal government shines a light thanks for watching be sure to like And subscribe to our Channel if you have ideas for stories you want us to uncover next please drop them in the comments below

  Top Comments:
  1. @fearalice [2 likes]: This is one of the reasons the culture of keeping private what you earn from your co workers is only in favor of the company. We should absolutely be talking about what we earn and absolutely insisting the people we work for pay us fairly.
  2. @Mon-ey5mb: I have seen a solution to this problem from one of the companies from India based in Banglore. The customers may add tip in advance and that will increase the chance of the ride acceptance in peak hours. The tip will be seen by drivers while accepting the ride. This will govern the price based on the demand and supply with control from both costumers and drivers. Let’s say I am shown $10 for point A to B ride request. If I know this price is not enough for drivers, they may not accept the ride although algorithm thinks $10 is ok. I can add $5 tip. Now the drivers will notice the extra tip and will accept the ride. Also if I don’t add tip, the drivers may still accept it if it is a fair price. You see, this will govern the demand and supply to some extent and gives freedom to control the pricing to both customers and drivers. Btw. Tipping drivers after the ride is entirely different concept and is optional. It is entirely governed by the pleasure and experience. But tipping option beforehand is entirely different concept.
  3. @57max: it paints corporations as bad guys, however it's very good documentary
  4. @brettbyer5340: Soooo..... get a real freaking job then and quit complaining.
  5. @PinkMonkeyBird: This kind of stuff frustrates me, and people are going to call it victim blaming, but if you don't like the pay, stop doing the work. Okay fine, do it for a couple weeks or months to put food on the table, but if you know thr economics don't work out, why are you doing it for 7 years?
This is market economics at work. If the drivers refused to drive for those prices, Uber would be forced to pay more. It is only by virtue of them accepting these wages that their wages dont increase.
  6. @zackchic371: God i wish my country would just ban these compagnies and let local businesses take over. Why on earth would you let a compagny get the monopoly of the market ? That’s bad for the economy. We need strong competition !
  7. @Amm-j4u-w6r: I hate Uber & Lyft—I want to go back to taxis. We need massive reforms with the corporations.
  8. @joeblough4605: Take uber, when you get a driver you like you get their cell number then you use them and pay in cash. Everyone wins. I've been doing this for years. Screw uber.
  9. @CordelWalker-u9u9w: Plumo plata
  10. @XenoyerKnows: Without codetermination, you will never have a voice in the boardroom.
  11. @hallsofvalhalla1749: I was doing Uber for a short while, and it took me about a week or two to realize how bad it was.  I got a constant barrage of inefficient rides with poor pricing.  On a good day, maybe I was earning 24/26 per hour.  I was only able to achieve that by rejecting a lot of rides, and taking a 5% pay cut for the privileged.  It was worth it though.  I was able to game it, a little bit.  There are a lot more issues that this, such as Uber not fully insuring their drivers, which wasn't mentioned in the video.
So I stopped and got my CDL.  I'm earning more without putting miles on my car.  I realize a lot of people don't have this luxury.
To me the biggest issue is that by Uber having a bunch of contractors with no pricing transparency, they can avoid unions.  As the video points out, the only people who can fight for drivers are the lawyers.
  12. @jayhairston2315: What I didn’t see you factor in was the driver’s ratings. From what I saw many or all were five star drivers but there could be a five star driver with 10 rides and five star driver with 5,000 drives. It could potentially account for the dollar difference shown in your test. 

Not saying it doesn’t still sound shady, just seems like you need more data and testing.
  13. @Kickproof: @2:20  

...To be fair.... are they expected to operate at a loss forever? Why are we acting like a company attempting to be profitable is a bad thing? Nobody is forcing anyone to be an uber driver. There's millions of other jobs out there you can get.

Look how this evil algorithm put an unprofitable company in the green, its soooo bad!!! Like what are we talking about here?
  14. @briansantigian2240: If it's so unfair... GET. A. REAL. JOB.
  15. @Fleetingsongs: Uber actually takes 65% ~ 70% of Uber Comfort fares now. I'm a driver & was sbocked to find rider paid $110 & I got $37.
  16. @SRHMusic012: Two thoughts: First, the arbitration clauses should not apply for criminal complaints. Second, separating the drivers independent contractor operations from the company means one company should set up a transparent bidding platform and another company set up apps to help with accounting for them. I bet a competitor could set up as a transparent bidding platform for drivers and riders and get more drivers and business.
  17. @bigmama5555: ah yes. the free market.
  18. @Kostynha: 4:55 - could it possibly be? price betting, i mean... price auction amongst sellers?
  19. @Ninty9Gaming: If your state has empower, use it!
  20. @pburgvenom: I call it AI prison rape

- 240lbs TikTok Star Told She's Too Big To Ride Horses (Cancelation): Kind: captions Language: en [Music] for our cancellation today we head up to a ranch in montauk new york where horses and obesity have combined to create a perfect cancellation storm perfect conditions for cancellation nbc news has the important story it says remy uh remy bader a tick tock star known for her realistic clothing haul videos actually have to stop right there because um we haven't even finished the first sentence but realistic clothing haul videos i'm not sure what a clothing haul video is i'm even less sure how such a video could be unrealistic in the first place do most tick tock stars in the clothing hall genre use special effects or cgi is she a pioneer of like gritty live-action clothing haul videos these are questions we don't have time to investigate because there are larger problems to deal with continuing remy barber bader a tick-tock star known for her realistic clothing haul videos claimed that during a recent trip with other influencers a ranch wouldn't allow her to ride their horses due to her weight bader who has more than two million followers on tiktok was in montauk new york with other influencers on a trip organized by the company hampton water wine over the weekend when she said she was turned away now i'm imagining being stuck on a camping trip or a hiking trip with tick-tock influencers organized by a company called hampton water wine and i'm just filled with dread and despair at the thought of it i'd probably just steal one of the horses and ride off into the sunset never to be seen again that is assuming all the horses hadn't been crushed to death already because that's what this woman apparently feels she has the right to do to horses reading more it says in her initial tic toc post on saturday bader shared a video of the ranch with the text over it saying shout out to deep hollow ranch and montauk for making me leave because i weigh over 240 pounds videos received over 1.5 million views the caption reads i've rode horses before and i've never had an issue she asked them to advertise on their signs in the future yes they ought to advertise that on their signs this is their fault for not putting something on their signs indicating that they'd prefer if their horse's spines were left intact because of this oversight remy felt entitled to publicly bash this small business as a result the company is now being flooded with negative yelp reviews which by the way is a potentially fatal blow to any business of this size after launching this attack and receiving blowback in her own direction she then claimed that her beef isn't with the weight limit itself but with the abrupt and insulting way in which she was informed of the weight limit it's not what they said but how they said it she now claims and for its part the ranch initially had no comment instead a teenage employee took it upon himself to issue his own rebuttal to this woman and um i'll just say that his his pr skills could use a little bit of work let's watch [Laughter] when you're not a fat you can ride a deep ball ranch well you know that was rude certainly and the video's been deleted as you'd expect the ranch has apologized for it and uh we could probably assume the kid was fired but remy was determined to get the last word the next day she clapped back as the kids say with this rebuttal um if you don't like me that's fine but you know watch him out two million view uh followers on that account in summary a lot of very stupid people are involved in this story as is so often the case for the things we talk about during this segment and during every other segment of the show but there are a couple of points i think to be made here the first is that not every personal gripe needs to be presented to the entire world so let's just pretend for a moment that remy was completely polite and accommodating maybe she didn't know that horses have weight limits maybe she thought that horses have spines made of reinforced steel and she just didn't realize that this was a thing and maybe she was very understanding when they informed her of this matter and only became upset because they were rude and insulting about it even if that's the case why does the world need to be involved in this dispute why why would you want the world to be involved aren't you embarrassed that you were turned away from a horse ranch because you exceed the weight limit if that were me i would go home and pray that nobody posts anything about the incident online i certainly wouldn't be posting about it myself and tell people about it but as much as people these days pretend to care so much about privacy like we've never talked about privacy as much as we do in in our society yet the fact is that most people want anything but privacy in fact most people fear privacy privacy to them is akin to annihilation annihilation if they don't post everything online they'll cease to be they think they have an answer to the old tree falling in a forest question if nobody hears it it doesn't make a sound that's their opinion just as if nobody knows about every single thing that's happening to them they don't exist that's why people will willingly post the sorts of things that people of previous generations would have died to keep out of public view there are no boundaries no shame especially for influencers whose livelihood depends on making a spectacle and controversy out of everything that happens to them but of course i don't buy that this person was polite and reasonable and only upset because of the rudeness of the staff at the ranch pretty clear at least initially that she was simply mad that they wouldn't let her ride the horses from her perspective it is well worth sacrificing the physical well-being of a horse in order to protect her own emotional well-being as ben shapiro pointed out in his reaction to the story these are the wages of expressive individualism of course expressive individualism is the defining philosophy of the modern age we talk about it all the time on this show even if not by that name it's what carl truman elucidates so brilliantly in his book the rise and triumph of the modern self he also talks about it in my film what is a woman according to expressive individualism a person is totally defined by his psychological state his feelings his self-perception the primary point of life really the only point is to protect and affirm and reinforce that psychological state lives are lived inwardly everybody is looking back within themselves all the time reflecting constantly on their own inner experience all that matters is the inner experience whatever must be done to improve that experience the one felt inside the one perceived by the mind even if it not always reflected in reality doesn't matter whatever must be done for its sake should be done that's all all that matters to the expressive individual is their own psychological comfort to live authentically is to live in a way that expresses their current psychological state and makes them feel better about it and if that means crushing a horse it means crushing a horse yes you know horses have weight limits in physical reality but in the mind of this plus-sized rider on the saddle there is no weight limit they can do anything that anybody else can do that's how they perceive the world and themselves then everybody else's job is to conform to that perception this mentality obviously has consequences far far beyond potential spinal injuries to horses but you know that is one of the that's collateral damage there's a lot of collateral damage left behind as the expressive individual goes about her life making herself feel better about herself and never worrying about anything else least of all horses and that is why she is today finally canceled listen hit that subscribe button right now do it right now i thank you for your compliance it is somewhat appreciated you

  Top Comments:
  1. @l_Six_Pennywise: I've had horses for years. It was to keep the horses protected. They can only carry so much SAFELY.  If she's too big, then she's too big. That's life. There are height and weight limits on rides - and with animals, it is very important that size and weight is taken into consideration..  Plus, if she had fallen off that horse, she could've sued the Ranch. They denied her to protect them all.
  2. @timmothyjennings: By realistic, they meant relatable
  3. @HorseHomos: 3:17 the kid was not in fact fired. I went on a ride today and he was the one leading.
  4. @WagNuts88: She played Red Dead Redemption 2 one time and now thinks she’s a cowboy!
  5. @teresaarvidson44: It's very true that you can definitely be too big to ride! There's a 20percent rule, anything over that and it's horse abuse.
  6. @faithfulsoul54: In my youth, I owned quite a few horses. I loved trail riding, training, & competed in English horse shows & Eventing. Show jumping & cross country jumping were my favorites. That was in the 70's & 80's & even then, we knew the unspoken & unwritten rule. "A widely accepted guideline in the horseback riding community suggests that a rider and their tack (saddle, bridle, etc.) should not exceed 20% of the horse's weight. However, some experts and riders suggest that 15% is a better guideline for horse welfare." 
AND here's 2 examples:
A 1,000-pound horse should ideally carry no more than 200 pounds (rider and tack). 
A 1,500-pound horse could comfortably carry around 300 pounds. 
I currently weigh 257 lbs & because I still love horses today just as much as I did back then, I will not ride any horse until I lose enough weight to pass the 15% rule. Period! You don't have to agree with it. But if you love horses & truly care about their well-being, don't put them at risk for your own selfish reasons. 🐎🏇💖💞
  7. @samanthaedwin9046: Would she carried 500 pounds human on her back ?
  8. @kezia8835: I'm a 100lb equestrian and I still do the maths regarding my weight, the tack and the weight of the horse before I get on.
  9. @TheRaiderman1: Does she care for the horse since she could and would likely hurt and even kill that horse?
  10. @lindseyalfrey4950: This is annoying. She is so self-centered with no care for the animals.
  11. @heavenlywells3818: 3:01 😁🫥WOW
  12. @TrDB19815: A horse is not a machine! They feel pain and suffering like any other living being.
  13. @wolfszn: okk so if shes fat or not whatever not for me to decide but this tells me almost every non skill player in the NFL is aloso too heavy 😂
  14. @teanmace: you can ride an ELEPHANT 🐘😂😂😂
  15. @RedHybiscus: Horses are not ATV’s - even an ATV has technical limits in regard to carrying, towing, terrain, etc.. why do people think horses can just carry as much as someone is wanting to put on it? That over weight woman has a right to destroy the well being of the horse to save her deluded perception of self that is morbid obesity is ok. She is experiencing that thing called reality
  16. @robertgee4540: I love how Americans will do anything to justify obesity.  Stop promoting cruelty to horses.
  17. @abouttime1967: yo....chunky.. try the iron horse.
  18. @NoemiAriana1: I knew I was going to love this 😂
  19. @Sophiecjp: Why would anyone follow her? Her ego is way out of check. I am appalled at this new society that we are so bored with our own lives we need to get all involved in someone else’s life. I hope all the ppl that left bad reviews who have never been there take down their bogus reviews. The ranch should sue her. Businesses have sued and won for these kind of things. She tried to back track when ppl educated her on the fact that horses have limits.
  20. @N00R28: Honestly, that kid didn't need to apologize

- From TikTok to the track: Griffin Johnson’s push to grow Gen Z interest in horse racing: Kind: captions Language: en >> WELCOME BACK. HORSE RACING IS ROOTED IN TRADITION, BUT A GROWING WAVE OF YOUNGER FANS. IT'S HELPING RESHAPE THE SPORT FOR A NEW GENERATION. >> PAYTON HINKLE SPOKE WITH A SOCIAL MEDIA INFLUENCER AND RACEHORSE OWNER GRIFFIN JOHNSON ABOUT HIS UNEXPECTED JOURNEY INTO THE SPORT AND HOW DIGITAL PLATFORMS COULD HELP FUEL THE SPORT'S FUTURE. GOGOOD MORNING. ONCE AGAIN, PAID. >> YEAH, GUYS. THAT'S RIGHT. FROM THE TRACK TO SOCIAL MEDIA, YOUNGER AUDIENCE IS ARE FINDING THEIR WAY WITH THE HORSE RACING INDUSTRY AND FOR GRIFFIN JOHNSON. HE WANTS TO MAKE IT MORE ACCESSIBLE AND EXCITING FOR THOSE FANS. >> FROM THE THRILL OF HORSES, SPRINTING TOWARD THE FINISH LINE TO BETTING STRATEGY AND STANDOUT FASHION. >> HORSE RACING HAS ALWAYS DRAWN CROWDS, ESPECIALLY HERE IN KENTUCKY. BUT NOW A NEW GENENERATION IS FINDING ITS PLACE AT THE TRACK I'VE HEARD ABOUT IT WAS A HIGH SCHOOL, BUT NEVER REALLY CAME OUT. >> A FIRST TIME LAST I WAS LIKE I REALLY GOT THE EXPERIENCE LIKE IT'S LIKE LIKE THE RACING. IS REALLY YOUNG VOICES ARE EMBRACING THAT SHIFT, INCLUDING INFLUENCER AND RACEHORSE OWNER GRIFFIN JOHNSON. >> WITH MORE THAN 9.5 MILLION TIKTOK FOLLOWERS AND ANOTHER 2.6 MILLION ON INSTAGRAM. JOHNSON IS USING HIS MASSIVE PLATFORM TO HELP BRING HORSE RACING TO A NEW GENERATION OF FANS AND FOR HIM THAT JOURNEY INTO THE SPORT ALL BEGAN WITH ONE UNEXPECTED OPPORTUNITY. THEY SAID. >> GOT THIS BIG, BEAUTIFUL, GREAT HORSE. WOULD YOU BE INTERESTED IN MARKETING? AND I SAID, YOU KNOW, THE DERBY IS FOR RICH PEOPLE AROUND FROM. I'VE ALWAYS WANTED TO GO. I WANT TO TRY IT. YOU KNOW, NOW I REALIZE HOW CRAZY IT WAS TO THINK THAT MY HEART WOULD MAKE IT INTO THE DERBY. BUT WE GOT LUCKY WHAT STARTED AS AN OPPORTUNITY QUICKLY TURNED INTO A PASSION. ONE JOHNSON SAYS YOUNGER AUDIENCE IS ARE NOW INCREASINGLY DRAWN TO. I THINK THE MISCONCEPTION ONE GEN Z IS THAT WE'RE NOT YOU KNOW, WE DON'T WANT TO CHALLENGE AND THAT WE'RE NOT IN TRADE IN THAT. >> THE FARTHEST THING FROM TRUE NOW THERE'S SO MUCH CONTENT SO MUCH STIMULATION. HORSE RACING IS ONE OF THE BEST EVENTS IN THE WORLD WITH ME FOR A DAY IN THE LIFE SAME. >> HE SAYS THE KEY IS SHOWING HIS GENERATION. THAT RACING IS ABOUT MORE THAN JUST RACE DAY. THE MAIN FOCUS OF HORSE RACING HAS ALWAYS BEEN TRADITIONAL MEDIA, TRADITIONAL CELEBRITIES, BUT >> THE PROBLEM WITH THAT IS MOST OF UNCOLLECTED CHECK. AND THEY JUST DON'T CARE. YOU KNOW, THE SHOW UP ONE DAY, THEY SHOW UP TO THE BIGGEST DAYS OF THE YEAR. >> I THINK WHAT I'VE SHOWN, YOU KNOW, PEOPLE IS BEHIND THE SCENES WHAT IT TAKES TO GET A HORSE IN THE DERBY BUILDING THAT RESPECT ASPECT AND, YOU KNOW, ALSO BRINGING COOL PEOPLE TO THE TRACK THAT ARE RELEVANT, OUR GENERATION AND PART OF THAT MISSION IS BREAKING DOWN MISCONCEPTIONS ABOUT WHO BELONGS AT THE TRACK. I THINK OF THE MOST INTRIGUING THINGS ABOUT RACING FOR ME IS >> THAN THE FACT THAT ON ONE SIDE YOU CAN HAVE A GUY THAT, YOU KNOW, COMING IN JUST TO BE A DEGENERATE GAMBLER AND HAVE FUN WITH IT. AND THEN HE COULD BE STANDING NEXT A BILLIONAIRE THAT'S RUNNING A FORTUNE 500 COMPANY. THEY'RE IN THE SAME ROOM, THE SAME ENVIRONMENT DOING THE SAME EXACT THING. SO HOW DO WE GET MORE PEOPLE INVOLVED? WHAT IS YOUR PITCH TO Z THAT MAY BE ON ABOUT GETTING INTERESTED IN HORSE RACING? WELL, FIRST AND FOREMOST, IF YOU HAVE AN OPPORTUNITY COME TO THE TRACK, IF YOUOU HAVE A FRIEND'S GOING, GO AT THEM, JUST CHECK IT OUT. BUT >> FOR ME RIGHT NOW, MY MAIN FOCUS HOW DO WE CREATE EVENTS? HOW DO WE CREATE ACTIVATIONS? ALSO AROUND THE TRACK? SO >> CONCERTS. HOW DO WE HAVE BRANDS THAT COME IN AND DO BRAND TRIPS LIKE HOW DO WE START CURATING EXPERIENCE WHE NOT ONLY DO YOU GO TO THE RACE BUT AFTERWARDS YOU HAVE SOMETHING ELSE TO DO. SO THAT'S BEEN MY FOCUS. I THINK THE ACTIVATION RIGHT IS TO OBVIOUSLY FEEL MAKE PEOPLE FEEL WELCOME MBER ONE. AND NUMBER 2 IS ONCE YOU GET IN THERE, SHOWING A GOOD TIME. >> NOW FOR THE MORE TRADITIONAL CROWD THAT DON'T REALLY KNOW WHAT TIKTOK IS AND HOW IT WORKS OR WHO YOU ARE, RIGHT. THAT MAY BE A LITTLE SKEPTICAL TO ALL THE YOUNGER GENERATION GETTING INVOLVED WEDNESDAY MESSAGE TO THOSE PEOPLE. YOU KNOW, I THINK ONE THING THAT, >> YOU KNOW, ADULTS DON'T REALLY REALIZE ALL THE TIME IS HOW INFLUENTIAL THEIR OPINION. AS ON KIDS OUR AGE, YOU KNOW, WE WANT THEIR APPROVAL. WE WANT THEIR ACCEPTANCE. AND, YOU KNOW, A LOT OF US LOOK UP TO DOLLARS SOMEONE IN THAT AND THAT ROUND. SO I THINK THAT FOR ME, IT'S BE PATIENT, THE UNDERSTANDING AND REALIZE THAT KIDS REALLY ARE INTRIGUED AND THEY WANT TO BE IN THE BUSINESS. THEY WANT TO LEARN HOW TO DO THINGS. THEY'RE JUST INTIMIDATED. SO. BE KIND AND IF HE HAS HIS WAY, THE FUTURE OF RACING COULD SOON BECOME A FAMILY TRADITION. MY GOAL IN LIFE IS NOT ONLY FOR GRANDPARENTS TO BE ASKING THEIR GRANDKIDS AGO. THE TRACK. >> BUT I WANT GRANDKIDS TO BE ASKING THEIR GRANDPARERENTS TO TAKE THEM TO THE TRACK. >> IF WE CAN DO THAT, MY GOAL FEEL ACCOMPLISHED. >> WHAT A GREAT MESSAGE THERE FROM GRIFFIN. IT. GREAT CONVERSATION WITH HIM. OBVIOUSLY, THERE'S YOU JUST SAW AND YOU KNOW WHAT, AS YOUNGER GENERATIONS CONTINUE TO MAKE THEIR WAY TO THE TRACK INTO PLACES LIKE KEENELAND. AND HERE AT CHURCHILL DOWNS, MAYBE THAT BLEND OF SOME OF THE TRADITION AND SOME OF THAT NEW INNOVATION GRIFFIN WAS TALKING ABOUT

- #NEF23 06 INFLUENCERS & THEIR RESPONSIBILITIES ACROSS THE MEDIA: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] your Royal Highness ladies and gentlemen I'm delighted to chair our next session on influences and their responsibilities across the media we're all influencers to some degree a shop window for the public to formulate their views and it's a relevant theme to many of today's presentations Welcome to our first Speaker Ria Freeman an award-winning PR and social media advisor she's going to talk about the Outreach of social media at Uriel highness ladies and gentlemen thank you very much for not just being here listen to me but for this um the whole amazing day so we're going to talk about influences and their responsibilities across the media if you had listened to Sarah you can probably know what I think the answer is to this question but it's who or what is an influencer now I've gone for Riders I think that's probably self-explanatory or well done well done people um content creators because influences are also called content created interchangeably but I thought again that might give the game away Riders and brands now we've got please folks I'm enjoying seeing this let's move around on the screen now the thing is it is everybody everybody who has an influence is therefore an influencer this can be somebody with a social media account it can be someone in real life who has influence we've all got the power to make a really really positive change so as I said what's an influencer it's anyone that has got an influence usually when we talk about it in this context we talk about people with significant followings on social media we talk about people who haven't just got 10 people that follow them they've got thousands of people that follow them and therefore people can use that influence they have hopefully over a correct and engaged following to ideally promote good not always but they can also do a huge amount of work beyond that too now for the purposes of this because I've only got 10 minutes rather than the whole day which I could talk to you about it we're going to focus on two aspects which are writers and content creators because these are the ones that we see the most in our space who have that influencer badge now thinking about influences in terms of content creators and Riders do you think they do a good job in the industry now there are lots of different lots of different aspects of this do they do a good job promoting themselves do they oh six it's exciting slow though um do they do a good job promoting themselves are they good do a good job of promoting the sport of their business of businesses that work with them now we've gone we've gone leading on oh I I'll progress I could watch this all day um but no is the the answer and I I would agree with you don't don't start adding now to make me look a fool I I would agree with you I think we can all do an awful lot better now how come how can we you know we need we do need to do better there's so much at stake here we have got issues where Riders who have had long-term sponsorships with brands are losing their sponsorships because they're simply not doing enough and I have conversations of this nature an awful lot with people I know of many businesses that really want to work with influencers want to work with content creators and Riders but they can't see the return on their investment because there isn't any sadly there is so much good that we can do not just from a commercial point of view but also from the sport as a whole we've had really great talks here from a Rowley talking about the the impact that we can all have in showing the things that we do and it's a subject that we all need to be super super aware of how we show things on social media ourselves matters how people outside and inside the industry perceive the sport matters how from the sports longevity point of view Riders working with Brands Brands working with riders and content creators doing a great job to show the breadth of what we do a lot of the things I've heard today I've thought that's a shame I didn't know about that before and of course there are traditional routes to media and Ellen is coming off me for horse and Hounds so they definitely aren't enough but we have now got such a a huge amount of things at our disposal that we can all have the power to use you don't have to pay to use social media you don't have to put things out only when you're allowed to you can put out whatever you want whenever you want and it's our job to do a really really good job of this I really think so much depends on this even our Elite Sport I think depends on it I think having that brand sponsorship having those people that support you having the Riders we pay that understanding how to do that through social media I think the influencers and or content creators have a huge part to pay play in promoting our industry some of the great influences we've got in our space again I was having chats earlier and this as me came up she's not only making a huge impression in the equestrian space but beyond she has a book coming out she does all sorts she's such a Force for good and we've got really great people like this but we need to be doing better and the question is how because I don't like it when you go somewhere you just get shouted out for 10 minutes and you've no idea what they expect you to do with that information so when it comes to how I've got a few ideas the first thing is we need to understand the situation better we need to be promoting the education around social media for the younger generation there is fear around social media I've got young children myself and I know some of the some of the random things that happen in various WhatsApp groups with parents who are terrified of their children using social media that's one thing we need to respect and we need to be aware of we need to be aware of the negatives we also need to be really aware of the positives we need to be aware of the power of social media and what people can do with it we need to teach people how to do the right thing I spend a huge amount of time working with Brands particularly with beta how they're going to utilize and work with influencers better how they're going to work with riders better but that whole education piece is such a big one the rules are so important for our industry to be taken really seriously there needs to be a greater acceptance of the rules regulations and the laws around the kind of promotion that influencers do if you want some light bedtime reading actually it's not as bad as it sounds if you Google ASA influencer guidelines there's a significant document on there it's written in plain English but it explains how people are meant to label the content when they are being promoted being endorsed sorry in any way to promote that content we don't obey the rules we need to learn how to promote properly we need to explain what is required if we want people to do things we need to think about the language we're using we need to be educating people at every single level about how to do this properly we need to collaborate and that's not just writers needing to work with Brands better Brands need to work with riders better organizations need to be doing more as well I know this it does feel like I'm just giving you all a lecture but there's so much potential here and I can see it I spend quite a lot of time learning from other Industries as well and seeing how they utilize influences how they in how they use their influence to promote what they're doing is huge and we're really really missing the boat and another point is we really need to support each other I was chatting to a friend the other day who isn't that horsey about the various things going on the equestrian space and she said she feels like everyone's having a go at everyone else at the moment doesn't it and I said yeah it does a bit but we need to support each other we need to make the effort to use all of our influences for good not to the detriment of somebody else but in a way that works together and in a collaborative way we all have a voice we are all influencers we need to appreciate this we need to use our voice well because there really is a lot riding on it it's not just commercial aspects it's the whole of our sport which is reliant on doing a better job at this being influencers for good promoting ourselves better promoting our sport better and promoting everything that we love better too thank you very much [Applause] thank you very much Rio for a very enlightening presentation next up we have Eleanor Jones who is the news editor at everyone's favorite Horse and Hound she's going to be speaking about the development of print and web media you were our highness ladies and gentlemen thank you very much for inviting me to speak I have to say I had never thought of myself as an influence or influencer I can't even say it but number four Tic Tac took talk and Instagram magazines newspapers and websites were influencing their readers behavior and choices Publications that sign up to the ebso code of conduct for journalism are controlled by strict rules of practice that ensure fairness ethics accuracy and Clarity between what is editorial and advertising or advertorial paid for Content has to be labeled as such as rare alluded to and readers will get trust from them not all Publications choose to do this but the reputable Ones Will readers have always turned to trusted sources to find out how they can best look after their horses and improve themselves as Riders if we feature Sports Riders products or services in print or online the media are inevitably raising the profile of those to large numbers of people who trust them or us as a source when we feature a product or a service in editorial or advertising those suppliers get inundated with inquiries and and clients who put adverts in Horse and Hound tell us that they then have to make sure they have people standing by the phone ready to take calls on a Thursday our content is seen and read by hundreds of thousands of people and this influence brings a huge responsibility we have to make sure everything we put out is accurate from credible sources and carrying the right message and there are two ways this content has influenced direct and indirect that's gone a little bit distorted but the this first warning the top warning came from a session here at the national equine Forum in 2020 and the other last summer from a webinar both on anthematic Resistance as we've heard about today and of course it isn't enough and I'm sure tamzin will agree to change Behavior by saying Thou shalt not Worm for pieces such as these we will speak to people like David Rendell the the former Beaver president and specialist in equine internal medicine or Claire Shan from Westgate labs and these experts can explain to us and to our readers what the issue is why it's so serious and what every owner needs to do these articles again were read by hundreds of thousands of people and if just a small percentage of those changed their practices or think about changing their working practices as a result then that is a positive outcome and then of course there is indirect influence uh for example we don't use pictures of people riding Without Hats where avoidable or hacking out without high-vis equipment on even if a piece isn't directly relating to the importance of safety equipment by using pictures of people not using it we could be inadvertently suggesting to our half a million Facebook followers that riding without it is okay and this ties into the major issue that we've heard a lot about today of social license public acceptance of the involvement of horses in sport we don't say use of horses either because this could sound like riding and ownership aren't the Amazing Horse human partnership that we should all celebrate we have been covering social license and its importance to the future of horseport now for some years but but even before that as public and Riders attitudes changed we were changing the way we depict certain aspects of our sport um in the 1990s you could buy and many people did buy Thrills and Spills videos from major horse trials or people would sit at the water fence at those horse trials to see the falls and if we had report pages in the magazine that pictured unfortunate incidents they were some of the most read and liked by readers in our surveys and now of course most readers absolutely don't want to see horses hitting fences and certainly not falling and so we are careful in our picture selection to show the most positive moments wherever possible and of course we like everyone here have a vested interest in the continuation and popularity of horse Sport and when it comes to public acceptance the media can play an important role in highlighting the good management and practices that the vast majority of riders demonstrate every day we have been criticized by for writing news stories about things like yellow cards and Welfare cases the suggestion being that this brings the sport into disrepute but it is the incidence that bring the sport into distribute not our reporting and although we do want to and we do champion horses in sport it would be unethical of us to paper over the cracks and similarly some would rather we didn't write about the importance of public acceptance of horse sport or highlight research that shows that it's waning so as mentioned earlier when when we reported wildforce welfare's research that showed one in five people don't support the continuation of horse sport under any circumstances and a double that only if welfare is improved we came in for criticism and there were people who feel there wouldn't be a problem if we didn't write about it or that this headline was sensationalizing but by burying our heads in the sand the horse world would be worse off it is in the sports interest that the media highlights the issues and champions positivity and positive change to help secure the future of our Sports I know personally of people who when we first started reporting on social license thought it was a load of rubbish but now they are changing their minds and that mindset change is crucial to the future of our Sports thank you and thank you for the chocolate Elena thank you for a very informative presentation there uh next I have the privilege of interviewing Ashley Richard she's going to be talking about the emergence of the influencer and she and I are going to be in dialogue Ashley is oh sorry I've lost my way here I'm slightly uh Ashley do come on up and uh we're going to be looking at the role of influencing across our social media challenges as an advocate for ethnic ethnically diverse communities in equestrian sport first we're playing a video I understand it be then who um it's not been done before when we get the photo in The Paddock I'm going to take the knee it's up to whoever you want if you want to join in you're more than welcome but it's there's no pressure for you to do that I just wanted to let you know I think the messages racing won't be the same anymore we are trying really hard to promote diversity I know that there could potentially be some negative impact from it but The Bravery of those people standing up in their Sports I just felt like it was something that I could do they inspire me I quite often put a um like a guided meditation uh video on YouTube and last night I did one and this morning I woke up and the only thing I could think about was when we take the knee that's something racing hasn't seen and I think that that would be monumental that's my idea anyway do you want to get in my car obviously just I'm normally with the horse so I'm normally you know backstage if you like doing all the preparation behind closed doors to effectively have my J badge for the day is quite cool in all honesty I've just been really looking forward to it I've ridden a horse once and I think we got on quite well I mean I am a competitive person but I I'm under no illusions that you know Tony McCoy Champion jockey didn't win every race so I'm definitely not expecting to win but you know I will be trying my hardest to win let's go like I said there's no pressure for everybody to do it but if you want to that's amazing yeah um this has been the best yeah yeah it's crazy thank you so much thank you for everything thank you for being amazing we've already won the girls are so supportive I'm so grateful and I think it's gonna send a really strong message out there for the racing industry so right here we go thank you and they're often Racing for the Markel Magnolia cup of 2022 and Ashley which are the sent dark shots straight to the events the leader is still clear and that leader is dark sharp under Ashley Richard well on top at the moment running on to be second Annabelle the speed of light as they head up towards the winning line it's actually wishart of dark shot to win the Magnolia car come on you have no idea I was screaming no problems start to finish I was screaming and then I hit the floor because I couldn't feel like she's on it words cannot describe how proud We Are of Ashley she's worked so hard and she deserves everything she gets she's done a lot nicer diversity it's such a big thing for Ashley and it has been for such a long time and now she's bought this to the Forefront and she will take it on from here I don't think it's going to hit me until a lot later Michigan foreign and empowering uh video there and it nearly brought me to tears I was gone I'm hugely inspiring to have achieved so much there but I know there is so much more that you've been busy uh working on and with you've become a model for Tommy Hilfiger you are a Committee Member a mentor for women in racing can you share with us some of the other exciting things on your agenda to help raise the profile and the inclusion of ethnically diverse communities in in horsefall and Beyond so I've recently become a patron to strengthen learning through horses which is a Equine Therapy Group in London they are in the process of building a new facility and they've just got a new sponsor which I can't say too much about but it's very exciting times ahead so hopefully they can become a route for people that have never had any sort of um involvement with horses before hopefully they can be a sort of bridge into the racing schools provide possible Grooms for all sorts of um sort of equestrian disciplines and yeah so at the end of the day horses they regulate me I think which is why I enjoy my job so much I'm not you know I love racing but I'm not an avid racing fan I'm a fan of the horses and I just think that they they work so well and changing people's lives so I think horses are a gift in so many ways whether we ride them whether we just keep them whether we work with them through hypotherapy there are so many ways in which horses bring us so much as humans the big question after taking the knee in The Paddock what did the impact of the social media response have on you I honestly thought it was going to be a lot worse than it was and I think that the media coverage had a lot to do with that they they could have chosen to cover it in a way that saw it very sort of political I'm trying to force my opinions on people and that's not what I was about it what it was about I was purely trying to be representation for young people that look like me and I felt like that was the best way for me to do it so I think in inspiring people of color to actually believe in themselves and to know that there should be an equal space for all I think as we've seen so much that you have done and and are doing do you have any thoughts on how you plan to help increase participation and address the balance of representation of ethnically diverse communities in your role specifically as an influencer so I know you have a very active Instagram page Miss Black equestrian I know you're very active on Tick Tock as well so overlapping with some of the things that Ria has said how do you feel you can continue to work your social media profile to your ultimate goal I think for me I'm not I'm not a professional Rider so people aren't going to see me in that space But what I am is passionate about what I've been doing um so for me it's all about representation it's about being an ambassador for Tommy Hilfiger which is an amazing brand to be a part you know involved with and I think it's it's just literally being for me when I started working back in racing it was purely to be a face in the paddock I did not know where that was going to go I did not know that the Magnolia cup was going to happen um so to think that all of what I'm doing now has happened as a result of riding in that race it's given me up more opportunities so as opportunities turn up I'll take them and hopefully I'll use them to the sort of best of my ability to use it as a good platform for representation purposes absolutely and how supportive is your employer I think you work for Neil Mulholland yeah yeah I imagine he's hugely supportive and proud well I'm here today I'm still full I still work full-time in racing at the moment but we've We've Come to an arrangement so um I'm allowed to be freed up for certain things which is which is it works you know it works for both of us I I'd like to think that he's proud of what I'm doing and being a representation for his yard and you know and as a as a result of that I'm able to come and do this so it works both ways yeah very effectively um one final question if we look around the room today it seems you're the only person of color here I I think if the national equine Forum audience could take home one message from you today to help support equality diversity and inclusion what would it be I'm not here to hammer home that there's a shortage of diversity and equestrianism I would just like to ask everybody in the room that doesn't it doesn't the issue doesn't relate to most people in this room I would imagine because they're not a person of color but I would say maybe just notice in the environments you're in when you're on the yards when you're you know in meetings or whatever just notice and you know all these empty seats could be filled with people of color which would level out the playing field and make it a better place for people of color coming through make it yeah more inclusive absolutely to be an inclusive space always and I think you are an admirable um point on that that journey and let's hope next year for National equine Forum one we hope you'll attend and two perhaps we'll be able to look I'll bring some friends so now if we could invite our speakers to come back on we're going to have a panel uh discussion World questions really to the audience and and Via slido so I just need to get back into my phone so that I can find my slider questions we also have Rolio as chief executive of world horse welfare joining us um having spoken earlier about social license which is obviously in strict inextricably linked to the role of the influencer so uh may I ask the floor if anyone has any questions over there could you state your name please and uh far away hiya thank you Amber Matthews I'm an equine lecturer my question might be to all of you to be fair we've spoken about disseminating all this information that we've you know this important topics we've come up with today the younger generation that I teach primarily do use tick tock and follow you know Tick Tock influences how can we share this information this scientific information that we've come up with today these conversations we're having with these Tick-Tock influencers to make sure the younger generation are able to understand and practice this kind of information that we're seeing should we stop start with urea with that one absolutely which microphone am I talking at because I think I don't need to be twice this loud so I I mean I guess we can all hear me you're all laughing at my jokes which I really appreciate it um oh gosh I've got two okay so I think it's really important to acknowledge that we need to go to where the people are so people are on Tick Tock we need to be making sure we're making relevant content content as an industry that address people where they are are saying no no we want to talk to you on this place who's going there whenever we're looking to advertise or do anything commercially with the brand we go to where the people are that's why people that's why Brands spend a huge amount of money time and energy making reels Tick Tock things are relevant for the platform and I think it's exactly the same with the younger generation if we want them to know everything that we want them to know we need to meet them where they are we need to upskill ourselves so we are promoting what is important to us on the right places so to me it's all about meeting people where they are Ashley do you have anything to add I'd have to disagree yeah I mean the same thing we have social media pages and we'll try to share all our content on all our platforms so hopefully some of that will be getting through to those people building um yeah I I think it's really important to enable people to be able to make a difference and so sometimes when you look at these things around whether it be around Equity diversity and inclusive issues whether you've had sustainability issues whether it be about equine welfare or or Integrity issues you're going to think oh my word where do I start so I think it's so important whatever platform we're on we can give people little steps to take because lots of people take Little Steps we really will make a difference and I think that's it's empowering people to feel that they can make a difference thank you we now have a question via slido to all of you I think we'll start with you all I know with this one in a changing world where everyone has an opinion camera and social platform what responsibility does the equine press have in shaping the welfare of horses um I I think it's a privilege to be in a position where we can we're able to share sort of reliable research or expert advice to a large number of people that might then influence how they manage their horses and and then hopefully improve those horses welfare and we are governed as I said by the ipso codes but I think even if we weren't and anyone who isn't should be sort of very careful that any information they share is is not only factual but they're clear and again as I think Ria has mentioned that you're clear whether it is fact or opinion um is a very important distinction to make and we've we've got a great opportunity though to share and celebrate positive aspects of horses on our Sport and maybe highlight the the occasions when it's not so good and is being worked on and hopefully that will go some way to improving welfare thank you and fact and opinion are two very specifically defined areas uh Rowley from a welfare perspective how does that sit with you yeah absolutely I mean I think we recognize that there's a lot of very good journalism out there and we want to and journalists should be holding the sector to account uh where things go well and when things don't go so well I think there is also a really important to try and make that constructive okay so when things are not as good as they should be what what are the standards we should be holding up um and I think in a day of social media is I think that because a lot of people get their media from social media and some of that can be reliable some of that can be less reliable and I think there is a greater responsibility on now on media to be able to try and debunk those um sort of grandiose theories which are just plainly wrong so I think it is changing um but I think that it is a great opportunity for us to be able to celebrate because the public exceptions overall is going to be by being able to be honest and and be shown to be doing right things and where we're not doing the right things be able to be transparent enough to say no we we dropped the ball um we can do better and perhaps to have a much more joined up approach to everything I think something as you were saying earlier um more questions from the floor um yes thank you if you could state your name please Rachel Madill um from RDA writing for the disabled um we would really like to be more diverse on our board it's very high on our list and this is a question for Ashley we've advertised widely but have so few applicants How would how do you recommend we encourage people to apply for our board positions perhaps people of color for instance I I don't think it's going to be I don't think anything's going to happen overnight I think it's going to take a long time for people to start going through to boards and you know higher up the chain um I think is just really important to put steps in right from the ground up basically I just need to encourage children at school age come through and you know that might be parents that want to get involved you know you don't know but I don't think it will be something that happens overnight and it's just a case of small steps thank you another question from slido sorry Ashley another question for rear um what are your thoughts on the future of supported all sponsored Riders working with brands that could literally be the whole day gone with me talking about this I don't worry oh wait next Sunday someone will show me a red card will be asked to leave um I think there is absolutely a future there it's as important as Brands to have those advocates for them that people can believe in that people buy into as it is for the Riders to have that support so I think there is a huge potential there to do a brilliant job of this for everybody to feel supported and to help fund the industry to help fund the sport we love but I do think that there's a huge amount of work that needs to be done to make that really really effective but I genuinely hand on heart believe it has got a huge future and a really great future if we do some work with it and you know get that communication going get the learning going and just upskill everybody because you know as we said on this panel because of social media which obviously I am quite a fan of um everyone is their own Newsroom now aren't they everyone has got the ability to put anything out there they don't necessarily have the training to do that they don't know how to do it correctly and I think there's loads of different ways that we can approach that and give people those tools and I think that that's the way that it will it will be great but I do think it has the potential to be brilliant and to really help support the Riders and the sport and the brands going forward and we go back to fact and opinion again the point that Ellen erased which is due to all things any further questions from the audience otherwise I have another couple of slider questions okay another one for you here Elena how are journalists balancing their responsibility to horse welfare and click bait strategy for the financial viability of the periodical the YouTube channel blogs and Live Events Etc I mean the simple answer is we don't have a clickbait strategy we don't do clickbait and we we are able to create magazine and online content that readers want to read and you know enjoy reading so therefore we are financially viable without having to compromise our editorial strategy um we do analyze of course what people read the most and what they engage with the most and then we can create more of that sort of content and of course the web headlines are have an important job they have to explain what the story is and encourage people to read it but but they're not misleading we would be penalized if they were misleading and and wouldn't want to do that anyway um I I can't think of any stories we would run that would be bad for horse welfare but good for our traffic and if there was a story we have done in the past we have toned down a headline it based on the fact that that would be better in it from a social license point of view even if to do so is at the expense of our traffic and we will continue to do that so because it's such a joint uh responsibility for for all of us for the future of all right do you have anything to add from the social license perspective well I can imagine it's a very tricky balance for journalists but actually the survey data I showed the FBI and world's wealth I showed earlier you know that actually there's a lot of people who are thinking along those lines so actually those welfare positive stories there's always a very good um audience for them um and I think that will will only grow so I think as tempting it as is um actually it's all about the long term as Ashley has already said about in different areas and so I think it is very much as tempting it and it's very frustrating I think for recent voices not just world wars welfare but many other organizations who will give the media a reasonable quote but they will go and get that extreme quote so I think um that doesn't mean we should all go and give extreme quotes that means that we should stick to our guns and I think in the long term it will really will make a difference so it's always finding that perfect balance um I think a question another slider question and this one's for all of you so if we uh we'll stop we'll start with you Ashley um if there were two messages for 2023 that all equestrian stakeholders in the UK could promote for the year what might the two aspects be and what should we all do to manage and coordinate such messages take it from your perspective it's a it's a tricky one first of all I would say like I said before notice notice what's going on don't necessarily take it from somebody else's opinion just take a minute to step back and look at the environment you're in look at how you know where the gaps are what needs to be done secondly I think is sorry you've lost me on the second uh the two aspects if there were two messages for 2023 that all equestrian stakeholders could promote for the year what might the two aspects be and what should we all do to manage and coordinate such messages I think it's a case of all of us pulling together and working as a whole so picking those those messages and picking the very valid point that you raised and then yeah I think it um it for instance I won't name names but I noticed something not long ago so I messaged a certain person um within the company and said I've noticed this would you consider updating this video because it's not now reflective of our society um and I I'm aware that there was a conversation not long ago that it was sort of written off a little bit so I think it's I don't know it is just noticing and and sort of asking people would they consider things rather than trying to force your opinions and perhaps Having the courage to have those yeah more difficult conversations to elicit change I think yeah I think on a personal level this is given me a bit more strength and I'm a bit braver to challenge certain things and challenge them in the right way I don't want to go in they're all confrontational but you know it's working with groups to have that dialogue and to have an open dialogue yeah to make those changes for the long term perhaps um Riya same question to you would you like me to repeat the question but a good one I've had time to think I need to get it out before I forget um so the first one is that social media is here to stay whether you love it or love it it's here to stay um I'm not even going to say sorry about it because I I really like it um it does have its dark and it's light and I absolutely get that but it's here to stay learn how to use it upskill yourself and learn how to use it for good because it can do so much good and also you are in control of a lot of what you see largely and the second one is shorter we are all in this together as a sport we all need to be working together it's not you against whoever or them against you or you know influences against riders or Riders against brands or Brands against whoever everyone needs to be pulling together for the greater good because it matters to all of us that people inside and Beyond the industry get it it matters that we all have got that financial support we've all got the we're all pulling together we're showing the best of what our industry can offer that wasn't shorter at all was it rolling straight onto you because uh Ria is mentioning certainly some things that you uh put forward quite vehemently in your presentation this morning and working together all I can say is that last year I didn't appear on those slido speed test at all this year I was fifth so I'm coming after you Elena but in terms of two two things one is team a question I mean we are all in this together and just picking up on Rachel's question um I completely understand it what Ashley says that we are in it for this sort of long term but we can learn so much from each other and when we were recruiting for trustees last year Mandana and a team at British equestrian provided us with so much information about the language we use in our adverts where we advertise and it's had an impact it's so you know there's lots of any questions or challenges that we have within your question well there's someone else and many other people who are facing that so let's learn from each other and be open enough and brave enough to say can you help because in in in in nearly every case that will be the the case and the second one I would say um just challenge yourself to have an open mind at all times because just because we do something one way doesn't necessarily make it right and in doing that we do we are we do need to sell the equestrian sets that's the world we live in and we all have a responsibility to do that so let's just be mindful of how what we do and what we say feels um and and what the general public will hear I think it's so important because so often we let ourselves down when we just don't need to and Eleanor to you um yeah absolutely agree on the consistency because as everyone knows if you ask 10 horsey people the same horsey question you'll get 14 different answers so um yeah we all need to be sort of singing from the same hymn sheet and and saying the same thing and as regards social license I think Rowley and everyone has said it all already but just yeah as long as our horse's welfare is the number one absolute priority at all times and it is clear that it is we are communicating that it is and celebrating the partnership we can't go far wrong um I think we are out of time unless any more questions from the thought we are out of time uh thank you very much indeed to all our speakers for a very um enlightening empowering and quite emotional session

- Influencer hospitalized after horse accident in Arizona: Kind: captions Language: en INDIO WAS THROWN FROM A BUCKING COURSE LAST MONTH COURSE LAST MONTH THAT COURSE LAST MONTH THAT LEFT COURSE LAST MONTH THAT LEFT HER WITH WITH A WITH A CONCUSSION WITH A CONCUSSION AND WITH A CONCUSSION AND A WITH A CONCUSSION AND A BROKEN FINGER. FINGER. IT'S FINGER. IT'S JUST FINGER. IT'S JUST HER PERSONALITY PERSONALITY TO PERSONALITY TO BE PERSONALITY TO BE JUST PERSONALITY TO BE JUST REALLY LOVING LOVING EVEN LOVING EVEN IF LOVING EVEN IF IT'S LOVING EVEN IF IT'S YOU LOVING EVEN IF IT'S YOU KNOW, NOT NOT JUST NOT JUST THE NOT JUST THE PEOPLE, NOT JUST THE PEOPLE, BUT OBVIOUSLY OBVIOUSLY TO OBVIOUSLY TO HER OBVIOUSLY TO HER ANIMALS OBVIOUSLY TO HER ANIMALS TO SPARE SPARE AND SPARE AND AERO SPARE AND AERO GREW SPARE AND AERO GREW UP SPARE AND AERO GREW UP AROUND ANIMALS. ANIMALS. HER ANIMALS. HER DAD ANIMALS. HER DAD SAYS ANIMALS. HER DAD SAYS IT ANIMALS. HER DAD SAYS IT WAS THAT THAT PASSION THAT PASSION AND THAT PASSION AND HER THAT PASSION AND HER KNOWLEDGE ABOUT ABOUT SOCIAL ABOUT SOCIAL MEDIA ABOUT SOCIAL MEDIA THAT ABOUT SOCIAL MEDIA THAT DROVE HER HER TO HER TO BECOMING HER TO BECOMING AN HER TO BECOMING AN INFLUENCER. PRETTY PRETTY MUCH PRETTY MUCH ALL PRETTY MUCH ALL OF PRETTY MUCH ALL OF HER PRETTY MUCH ALL OF HER INCOME PRETTY MUCH ALL OF HER INCOME IS DERIVED. DERIVED. I DERIVED. I BELIEVE DERIVED. I BELIEVE FROM DERIVED. I BELIEVE FROM SOCIAL MEDIA. MEDIA. THOUSANDS MEDIA. THOUSANDS HAVE MEDIA. THOUSANDS HAVE FOLLOWED HER JOURNEY HER JOURNEY FROM HER JOURNEY FROM HER HER JOURNEY FROM HER TRIP HER JOURNEY FROM HER TRIP IN AFRICA. AFRICA. TO AFRICA. TO MOVING AFRICA. TO MOVING AROUND AFRICA. TO MOVING AROUND SEVERAL STATES, STATES, MOST STATES, MOST RECENTLY STATES, MOST RECENTLY MONTANA AND AND ARIZONA. AND ARIZONA. BUT AND ARIZONA. BUT LAST AND ARIZONA. BUT LAST WEEK AND ARIZONA. BUT LAST WEEK SHE WAS WAS INVOLVED WAS INVOLVED IN WAS INVOLVED IN AN WAS INVOLVED IN AN ACCIDENT INVOLVING INVOLVING ONE INVOLVING ONE OF INVOLVING ONE OF HER INVOLVING ONE OF HER HORSES INVOLVING ONE OF HER HORSES SHE WAS HOLDING WAS HOLDING ONTO WAS HOLDING ONTO THE WAS HOLDING ONTO THE HORSE WAS HOLDING ONTO THE HORSE WAS SORT SORT OF SORT OF WHIPLASHED SORT OF WHIPLASHED BY SORT OF WHIPLASHED BY THE SORT OF WHIPLASHED BY THE HORSE AS AS IT AS IT FELL AS IT FELL SIDEWAYS. AS IT FELL SIDEWAYS. AND AS IT FELL SIDEWAYS. AND THAT CAUSED CAUSED HER CAUSED HER HEAD CAUSED HER HEAD TO CAUSED HER HEAD TO IMPACT CAUSED HER HEAD TO IMPACT THE ROCKY ROCKY GROUND. ROCKY GROUND. HER ROCKY GROUND. HER DAD ROCKY GROUND. HER DAD SAYS ROCKY GROUND. HER DAD SAYS HER HORSE HORSE FELL HORSE FELL ON HORSE FELL ON TOP HORSE FELL ON TOP OF HORSE FELL ON TOP OF HER, FRACTURING FRACTURING HER FRACTURING HER HEAD FRACTURING HER HEAD IN FRACTURING HER HEAD IN TWO DIFFERENT DIFFERENT PLACES DIFFERENT PLACES HAD DIFFERENT PLACES HAD HARD DIFFERENT PLACES HAD HARD ENOUGH THAT PEOPLE THAT PEOPLE FROM THAT PEOPLE FROM 100 THAT PEOPLE FROM 100 YARDS THAT PEOPLE FROM 100 YARDS AWAY CAN CAN HEAR CAN HEAR THE CAN HEAR THE IMPACT CAN HEAR THE IMPACT OF CAN HEAR THE IMPACT OF HER CAN HEAR THE IMPACT OF HER HEAD ON ON THE ON THE GROUND. ON THE GROUND. RIGHT ON THE GROUND. RIGHT NOW ON THE GROUND. RIGHT NOW ALL ON THE GROUND. RIGHT NOW ALL SHE CAN REMEMBER CAN REMEMBER OUR CAN REMEMBER OUR MEMORIES CAN REMEMBER OUR MEMORIES FROM CAN REMEMBER OUR MEMORIES FROM 7 TO TO 14 TO 14 YEARS TO 14 YEARS AGO, TO 14 YEARS AGO, AND TO 14 YEARS AGO, AND TO TO 14 YEARS AGO, AND TO MAKE MATTERS MATTERS WORSE MATTERS WORSE BY MATTERS WORSE BY LAW, MATTERS WORSE BY LAW, SHE MATTERS WORSE BY LAW, SHE WAS DROPPED DROPPED FROM DROPPED FROM HER DROPPED FROM HER FAMILY'S INSURANCE INSURANCE AFTER INSURANCE AFTER TURNING INSURANCE AFTER TURNING 26 INSURANCE AFTER TURNING 26 27 DOWN. DOWN. AS DOWN. AS A DOWN. AS A RESULT, DOWN. AS A RESULT, SHE DOWN. AS A RESULT, SHE GOT DROPPED OFF DROPPED OFF OF DROPPED OFF OF MY DROPPED OFF OF MY INSURANCE, DROPPED OFF OF MY INSURANCE, UH , , PROBABLY , PROBABLY LESS , PROBABLY LESS THAN , PROBABLY LESS THAN A , PROBABLY LESS THAN A YEAR , PROBABLY LESS THAN A YEAR AGO. AND WHEN AND WHEN THAT AND WHEN THAT HAPPENED, AND WHEN THAT HAPPENED, I AND WHEN THAT HAPPENED, I DON'T KNOW KNOW IF KNOW IF SHE KNOW IF SHE EVER KNOW IF SHE EVER WENT KNOW IF SHE EVER WENT OUT KNOW IF SHE EVER WENT OUT AND GOT GOT YOU GOT YOU KNOW GOT YOU KNOW THE GOT YOU KNOW THE AFFORDABLE GOT YOU KNOW THE AFFORDABLE CARE ACT ACT OR ACT OR IF ACT OR IF SHE ACT OR IF SHE GOT ACT OR IF SHE GOT MEDICARE ACT OR IF SHE GOT MEDICARE OR SOME, SOME, YOU SOME, YOU KNOW SOME, YOU KNOW SOME SOME, YOU KNOW SOME SUPPLEMENTAL HEALTH HEALTH INSURANCE. HEALTH INSURANCE. WHILE HEALTH INSURANCE. WHILE THERE ARE ARE SO ARE SO MANY ARE SO MANY QUESTIONS ARE SO MANY QUESTIONS ABOUT FINANCIALS FINANCIALS AND FINANCIALS AND RECOVERY FINANCIALS AND RECOVERY MEANS, DAD DAD SAYS DAD SAYS THERE DAD SAYS THERE IS DAD SAYS THERE IS NO DAD SAYS THERE IS NO DOUBT DAD SAYS THERE IS NO DOUBT HER HUNDREDS HUNDREDS OF HUNDREDS OF THOUSANDS HUNDREDS OF THOUSANDS OF FOLLOWERS FOLLOWERS HAVE FOLLOWERS HAVE PROVIDED FOLLOWERS HAVE PROVIDED LOVE FOLLOWERS HAVE PROVIDED LOVE AND SUPPORT. SUPPORT. SHE'S SUPPORT. SHE'S A SUPPORT. SHE'S A TOUGH SUPPORT. SHE'S A TOUGH KID, SUPPORT. SHE'S A TOUGH KID, AND SHE'S SHE'S GOT SHE'S GOT A SHE'S GOT A LONG SHE'S GOT A LONG ROAD SHE'S GOT A LONG ROAD AHEAD SHE'S GOT A LONG ROAD AHEAD OF HER. HER. AMY HER. AMY HAS HER. AMY HAS THREE HER. AMY HAS THREE HORSES, HER. AMY HAS THREE HORSES, A HER. AMY HAS THREE HORSES, A DOG AND BISON. AND BISON. THE AND BISON. THE FAMILY AND BISON. THE FAMILY SAYS THEY'RE THEY'RE WORKING THEY'RE WORKING TO THEY'RE WORKING TO FIGURE THEY'RE WORKING TO FIGURE OUT HOW HOW TO HOW TO GET HOW TO GET THE HOW TO GET THE DOG HOW TO GET THE DOG AND HOW TO GET THE DOG AND HORSES FROM FROM ARIZONA FROM ARIZONA TO FROM ARIZONA TO FLORIDA. FROM ARIZONA TO FLORIDA. THAT'S WHERE WHERE ME WHERE ME AND WHERE ME AND HER WHERE ME AND HER FAMILY WHERE ME AND HER FAMILY ARE FROM. FROM. AND FROM. AND THEY FROM. AND THEY SAY FROM. AND THEY SAY THE FROM. AND THEY SAY THE BISON WILL WILL MOST WILL MOST LIKELY WILL MOST LIKELY HAVE WILL MOST LIKELY HAVE TO WILL MOST LIKELY HAVE TO GO WILL MOST LIKELY HAVE TO GO TO MONTANA. MONTANA. SHE'S MONTANA. SHE'S GOING MONTANA. SHE'S GOING TO MONTANA. SHE'S GOING TO HAVE MONTANA. SHE'S GOING TO HAVE SO MANY MANY MEDICAL MANY MEDICAL BILLS. MANY MEDICAL BILLS. HOW MANY MEDICAL BILLS. HOW ARE MANY MEDICAL BILLS. HOW ARE THEY PLANNINGTO PLANNINGTO TACKLE PLANNINGTO TACKLE THIS PLANNINGTO TACKLE THIS AND HANDLE HANDLE THAT? HANDLE THAT? BECAUSE HANDLE THAT? BECAUSE THE HANDLE THAT? BECAUSE THE MEDICAL BILLS BILLS ARE BILLS ARE GOING BILLS ARE GOING TO BILLS ARE GOING TO PILE BILLS ARE GOING TO PILE UP? BILLS ARE GOING TO PILE UP? YOU JUST JUST HEARD JUST HEARD YOU JUST HEARD YOU KNOW JUST HEARD YOU KNOW HER JUST HEARD YOU KNOW HER DAD JUST HEARD YOU KNOW HER DAD IN THE THE STORY? THE STORY? THEY THE STORY? THEY SHE. THE STORY? THEY SHE. HE THE STORY? THEY SHE. HE SAYS THAT THERE THAT THERE ARE THAT THERE ARE LOTS THAT THERE ARE LOTS OF SUPORTERS SUPORTERS THAT SUPORTERS THAT ARE SUPORTERS THAT ARE HELPING SUPORTERS THAT ARE HELPING THEM THROUGHOUT THROUGHOUT ALL THROUGHOUT ALL OF THROUGHOUT ALL OF THIS. THROUGHOUT ALL OF THIS. SO THROUGHOUT ALL OF THIS. SO THEY DO DO HAVE DO HAVE A DO HAVE A GO DO HAVE A GO FUND DO HAVE A GO FUND ME DO HAVE A GO FUND ME PAGE DO HAVE A GO FUND ME PAGE THAT RIGHT RIGHT NOW RIGHT NOW HAS RIGHT NOW HAS MORE RIGHT NOW HAS MORE THAN RIGHT NOW HAS MORE THAN 47,000 DONATIONS DONATIONS 47,000 DONATIONS 47,000 DONATORS, ADDING ADDING UP ADDING UP TO ADDING UP TO MORE ADDING UP TO MORE THAN ADDING UP TO MORE THAN $150,000 THAT THEY'RE THAT THEY'RE HOPING THAT THEY'RE HOPING WILL THAT THEY'RE HOPING WILL COVER ALL ALL OF ALL OF HER ALL OF HER NEEDS. ALL OF HER NEEDS. BUT ALL OF HER NEEDS. BUT THE ALL OF HER NEEDS. BUT THE FAMILY SAYS SAYS THEY SAYS THEY WERE SAYS THEY WERE ALSO SAYS THEY WERE ALSO NOTIFIED SAYS THEY WERE ALSO NOTIFIED BY GO GO FUND GO FUND ME GO FUND ME THAT GO FUND ME THAT SOMEONE GO FUND ME THAT SOMEONE TRIED GO FUND ME THAT SOMEONE TRIED TO CHANGE CHANGE THE CHANGE THE ACCOUNT CHANGE THE ACCOUNT INFORMATION AND ALMOST AND ALMOST GOT AND ALMOST GOT AWAY AND ALMOST GOT AWAY WELL AND ALMOST GOT AWAY WELL WITH ALL OF THAT ALL OF THAT MONEY ALL OF THAT MONEY NOW, ALL OF THAT MONEY NOW, LUCKILY GO FUND ME DID GO FUND ME DID CATCH GO FUND ME DID CATCH ALL GO FUND ME DID CATCH ALL OF GO FUND ME DID CATCH ALL OF THAT BEFORE. BEFORE. ANYTHING BEFORE. ANYTHING BAD BEFORE. ANYTHING BAD COULD HAPPEN, HAPPEN, BUT HAPPEN, BUT YOU HAPPEN, BUT YOU CAN HAPPEN, BUT YOU CAN STILL HAPPEN, BUT YOU CAN STILL HELP, SO SO WE SO WE DO SO WE DO HAVE SO WE DO HAVE THAT SO WE DO HAVE THAT LINK SO WE DO HAVE THAT LINK ON SO WE DO HAVE THAT LINK ON OUR EASY EASY FAMILY EASY FAMILY APP EASY FAMILY APP AND EASY FAMILY APP AND WEBSITE EASY FAMILY APP AND WEBSITE TO SEE SEE HER SEE HER FOLLOWERS. SEE HER FOLLOWERS. HELPING BECAUSE BECAUSE SHE BECAUSE SHE HAS BECAUSE SHE HAS A BECAUSE SHE HAS A LOT BECAUSE SHE HAS A LOT OF BECAUSE SHE HAS A LOT OF THEM BECAUSE SHE HAS A LOT OF THEM SO

  Top Comments:
  1. @darthclone5081 [44 likes]: Y’all might want to do a follow up with her because her family is lying. She remembers everything up to the accident & her family was transferring the donations and her own money to their own accounts
  2. @Bored_2_Death [32 likes]: Turns out her family took advantage of her injury! Stole her contacts she is hardly in contact with them and they stole most of the money that her followers donated.
  3. @TheContourCowboy [11 likes]: As you see “I believe her main income was social media”, and , that he wasn’t sure if she got insurance. That’s because they were not close to her because Emmie didn’t want them to be.
  4. @gregholden8812 [9 likes]: 26 and still on her parents insurance. Everyone is so inspired by her but she doesn't have the capability to take care of herself. Ive been paying $800 a month in insurance since i was 18 so when i got injured i didn’t need strangers bailing me out financially. Its really weird who we look to for inspiration!!
  5. @JohnSmith-fj5ee [4 likes]: People who know her should look into the money thing with the family.
  6. @jennyrosd2003 [4 likes]: Shes moving on as a person should. Leave the drama behind.
  7. @deanbell4070 [4 likes]: Poor babe. I pray for her to recover soon 🥰
  8. @tun-tunninc.6492 [3 likes]: She got hurt doing what she loved...jeez.
  9. @mars7612 [2 likes]: THIS INTERVIEW IS FALSE . Emmie has come out numerous times stating that her parents were not (and still are not) involved with her life at all. They abused her and have taken money and other assets from her (including stealing her truck while she was unconscious in the ICU). As a news outlet, it is HORRIBLE journalism for you to be covering this woman's accident through the lens of her abusers. PLEASE remove this video, correct the story, or do something to make this right. Shame on you.
  10. @Bow-j6c [2 likes]: Get well Emmie Australia miss the beautiful contentment you   displayed on every video, Take care ❤
  11. @bustersmith5569 [2 likes]: 🙏🙏🙏🙏
  12. @MatoamiKitstakit-bf5rf [2 likes]: Rocky Mountains from canada to mexico.. she didn't get to go to mexico before africa. This is fixable.
  13. @G.O.P. [1 likes]: Lets pray for Emmie a beautiful Animal Lover!
  14. @barnwitchgamergirl8727 [1 likes]: I e been riding horses for 22+ years and i ALWAYS wear a helmet
  15. @johnwyman5939 [1 likes]: Thoughts and Prayers for Emmie !!!!
  16. @melikehorses548 [1 likes]: i love her vids!!!
  17. @TheContourCowboy [1 likes]: Her family are crooks and they’re lying. They stole thousands from her through GoFundMe that she didn’t approve while she was in the hospital.
  18. @matstarcher7630 [1 likes]: Self absorbed or influencer. Lame lifestyle
  19. @MatoamiKitstakit-bf5rf [1 likes]: I'll look after your bison, no worries.
  20. @Regina12091: Donna White DAD ?

- KyDerby: Sandman provides plenty of content (but no sleep) for influencer Griffin Johnson: Kind: captions Language: en white one. Oh, you do? You have a different kind. Anybody want a hat? Um, do you have horses in Lamborgh? We do. We Yeah. Not Can I get one for Max? I bet. Sorry. Believe me, I'm all about. So, we're here with Griffin Johnson, who is a content creator. That's right. I learned from the video, not an influencer. Or can you also are they You know, you could say both. I mean, I kind of you can group the two together, but I always tell people I just bring people culture and entertainment, and that's my job is to entertain them. Cuz when I heard influencer, I was thinking, is it like the Kardashians where you're famous for being famous, but you weren't famous going in. You had to make yourself famous. Yeah. I mean, whenever I started TikTok, you know, it wasn't as cool as it is now either. Uh, same thing. You know, I came into horse racing and didn't have a a horse backing at all, but we, you know, were able to create it and obviously the fans and, uh, of horse racing itself have embraced me, so I got pretty lucky. Well, let's back up. You have connections to this region. You grew up in Illinois. Yep. And you were going in nursing school at Indiana University. So, just tell us the story from nursing school student to Okay. prominent, one of the most, if not the most prominent, uh, content creators, influencers. Yeah. So, uh, nursing school. This was 2019, so I would have been a junior, my junior year of college. Uh, someone told me you can make money on the internet. And this was before Tik Tok was as popular as it was. And so, at the time, I was working in a steel factory in the summer. Would save up money, then I'd go to college and make it last me for the year. So, it was coming up on my second semester. I was, you know, four or five months out from going back to the factory and someone told me you could make money. So, I started posting content, just day-to-day lifestyle, nursing student stuff. Uh, ended up getting a couple hundred thousand followers, got invited to move out to LA, and then co happened. It kind of aligned perfectly, and the rest is history. So, Terry Finley, who brought you into the 2 and 12% an interest in Sandman through the West Point part of the ownership. Uh he said there's there's really a lot that goes into this. He said you're quite the astute businessman too. So tell us about some of the stuff behind the scenes. It's not just all fun and games. There's a lot of preparation that goes into this. And do you like sort of promote products? Is that how it you know in a subtle way on a normal like day-to-day basis? Uh sort of. You know I mean that's how I make my money is by taking my uh you know audience that I build and bringing them to products. uh kind of curating culture is what I like to say. But uh yeah, with Terry in West Point, I started a I co-founded a venture capital fund, Animal Capital, and uh the guy that Marshall Sandman, shout out to Marshall, he runs the day-to-day of Animal, and he grew up with Alli Finley, which is Terry and Debbie's uh daughter-in-law. So, got connected through them. He brought me to ABR and they have their stake and stardom program. and we kind of found a deal and came together on Sandman almost a year ago today. Right. You're not at Griffin Pub lately. You were in almost right after the horse was purchased. I think it was like a week after, like maybe five days. So, they brought him back from the sales and uh we made a deal within a couple days. Yeah. And what did they tell you about the horseman and the uh Well, they they showed me a picture and uh you know, I had never met Terry at the time, but uh I think anyone that meets him can tell he's he's a great guy off the rip. So, you know, uh he said, "This is a great horse. I think that uh you guys together could really do something great for the sport." So, I said, "Sign me up. I love to disrupt an industry and bring some people to it." So, here we are. Well, are you kind of like I was thinking about this when you use the the word disruption before that it's like is that like good trouble good disruption? Yeah, disruption as in you know uh there's obviously some ways that we can bring social media and optimize marketing and you know bringing in the next generation to the sport. So you know I would say it's disrupting in a way but in a good way. Uh definitely nothing bad. Well and tell us of the different platforms because you're on virtually all the platforms the number of followers you have on. Yeah it's funny. So, I do have an ex and I have a Facebook, but before horse racing, I never used them. So, I'm working on my Facebook and my ex game. Uh, and then primarily Tik Tok, YouTube, and Instagram. How much of your time are you currently spending on horse racing versus uh the the rest of your job, and it is a job. Yeah. Um, you know, I would say the last probably three weeks, especially since the Arkansas Derby, uh, you know, I've probably been putting in 80 plus hours a week. I mean, I barely have been sleeping back here at the barns. You know, they start uh you know, we start at 6:00 in the morning usually, and I would say, you know, last night we had a trainer dinner. I didn't get home till 10:00, and before I fall asleep, it's midnight. So, um, you know, marketing all this does take a lot of time and learning. Uh, I think a lot of people have been pretty gracious about me being new to the sport. And, you know, I'm back here at the barns every day trying to figure out everything they eat to grooming to saddling, rapping. I mean, you name it. Uh, you know, I'm talking to the vets, figuring out, you know, all the all the all the levels, everything they check. Uh, you know, heart rates, you name it, I'm back here trying to figure it all. Just showing up in the paddic for the race. You are learning literally from the ground up. Yeah. You know, this summer I want to do I told Mark I'm giving them crap to convince him to let me come do some training this summer. Uh, you know, so moving forward I can really take care of the horses and I want to be as involved as possible. I think people want to see what's going on back here and my job for next year is to show them. What are your takeaways that you would tell the people that don't know anything about horse racing? What would you what would you want them to know? Yeah, I think uh every person should just go to one race. It doesn't have to be the Kentucky Derby. And I think that they'll find something that they can appreciate and love about the sport. You know, I'll preach that all day every day. I think that the sport is the oldest in, you know, the United States history for a reason. And, uh, you don't you don't have 151 years of something if there isn't, you know, factors to it that make it that special. So, uh, definitely check it out if you haven't. Had you ever been to the track before this involvement? Yeah. Uh, you know, I've I've been to the track a few times. Uh, especially in Gulfream. I live close to there. So, uh, you know, I've been going to GFream for probably four years now. But, uh, last year was my first derby. Didn't have a horse there, but I just got in Sandman and then this is my second derby and we're we're one for one on horses so far. Now, how many how many um races have you seen a Sandman? Because I heard on the Mike Joyce Fendle TV video that you the Arkansas Derby because you couldn't get the travel plans into Yeah, I had to be Yeah, I had to be at the hospital on Sunday. So, I was, trust me, I was tore up about that for days. I just getting into Arkansas Hot Springs can be a little hard to get into. So, uh I couldn't swing it. Obviously, it was devastating to me to uh I guess good and bad. Watching him win, even from the car, was pretty special. But yeah, I missed it. I've seen some people give me some crap about it. I have nothing to say. I mean, they're right. I I missed it. I couldn't be there. You'll have to get Curtis Cody, the track photographer, to photoshop you into Oh my gosh. You know, it's sad because I've been to I've supported him at every other race except for the main one. The main the main stick Arkansas Derby and I wasn't there. So, you were here for the street sets in which he finished, I want to say, third, I think. And look who won it that race that day. You have Sovereignty won the Fat East second, the Florida Derby, Tastic the Louisiana Derby, and the Arkansas Derby winner. coming out of that race. Yeah, there's uh you know, the East Coast is obviously the east side here has a lot of great horses in it. Uh he's raced against a bunch of you know, like you said, Cool Battle uh um was one of them that he's raced a few times and uh you know, he's he's seen a lot of the competition and I just want him to run a good race and stay healthy. That's my main thing. So, how much handicapping are you getting into with the derby? You know, I'm pretty ignorant to it. I'm not going to lie. I I'm not a very good uh betting guy, but I will say is I need people to bet. I think that that's one of the most impactful ways to get in is, you know, you put a you I'm not saying bet the house. I'm saying like $5, $10, $20, you know, once you put a bet in on a horse, it just makes it that much more special. Um, so yeah, I I have a lot of work to do there. And of course, a popular betting angle for people that aren't sophisticated with with wagering is bet the gray. And here's the gray. That's what they say. It's like the uh Well, there's several grays in there. You could box them in the trade. I mean, what I always say is when people are asking me about betting on Sandman, at least you'll have a good good horse to look at as he runs around the track. So, uh you know, but I'm fully confident. I mean, Sandman is I think everyone can feel how special he is and uh I'm just glad to be a part of it really. I'm just a bystander documenting the journey. I'm just I'm his number one fan. How many posts will you do a day about your experiences here? I'm guess you do it all strategically. It's not just Yeah, you know, us amateurs just snapping. Uh there is a little bit of strategy to it for sure. Especially with horse racing, you know, because uh I didn't have an audience. So, I kind of had to create something out of thin air. So, a lot of explanate like explanation and I post every day on every platform. Uh I don't really miss a day. So, it's at least one post on every single platform. something about Sandman or a horse every day. Do you know the Metallica guys? You know, I don't I don't know them personally. They've obviously been super involved with Sandman and we appreciate that. Uh supposedly they might come back to the barn one day and we can meet, but we'll see if they end up making it back here or not. Yeah, they got the concert in Nashville. In Tennessee. Yep. They're going to be in Nashville. Probably pick up an hour going that way. I know. We're going to see if we can get him over

- How to use ride sharing travel app to travel smarter, save money, and get exclusive ride share deals: Kind: captions Language: en load is a travel app to help you travel smarter save money and gives you access to exclusive deals live your best life download flows from the Google Play app store to net flow a better way to go

- How one startup's algorithm solved ride-sharing's route optimization problem: Kind: captions Language: en welcome everybody thank you for joining our mit inside track session as part of mtechdigital i'm reid sturdivant i'm a venture fund put into business by mit we invest in tough tech companies that are working on some of the world's biggest problems uh i feel fortunate to have alex waller with us today alex is cto and co-founder of the routing company alex uh welcome uh you were recently working on a phd at mit's computer science and ai lab uh can you tell us about your connection to mit maybe something about the lab and the research that you were doing there yeah i got accepted to the phd program in 2015 and so i went originally to study robotics and i had experience in doing multi-agent path planning so just actually how robots are moving together and i was fortunate to become part of this project in the lab to optimize on-demand mobility systems we were essentially trying to solve the uber pool problem but at city scale in real time to optimality and using buses instead of passenger cars we eventually published a paper that showed we could service all of manhattan's tax demand with 80 fewer vehicles by having the passenger share rise after we published this it you know it seemed to us that the remaining effort to move people from a to b was no longer uh academic but was in um operations business development engineering and product and so that's why in may 2019 i decided to leave my phd and my co-founder decided to quit his job and move to the states and we founded what was then called a routable ai now called the routing company that's great so the tell us a little bit more about the new york city taxi um simulation or analysis because to be honest that sounds kind of unbelievable i mean if you're sharing rides with other people isn't it like you're taking an airport shuttle where your hotel is always the last one you know if you take that many cars off the road would would the quality of the uh the the the trips suffer no so that was the the amazing part you know if everybody's willing to wait forever uh then you can service you know all passengers with you know one vehicle if everybody's going to wait forever but it's how do you do it in such that you are maintaining the quality of service so in the manhattan simulation we found that while servicing all the passengers with only 3 000 cars even when you shared via even when you shared we were able to get the waiting time down to less than three minutes for an average waiting time and an average delay of less than six minutes uh that's amazing yeah it really didn't impact the the customer convenience um you know it wasn't very different than going uh directly from from a to b so that's why i mentioned when i said the delay of six minutes the delay we use as a metric to say what's the difference between me going from a to b just directly or me going from a to b while sharing with other people and so if you're only going to add six minutes in total to your commute by sharing with others you know it's it's it's not that big of a hit in terms of uh you know shared mobility that makes sense and and then when you are doing the optimization and trying to make uh you know fit which vehicle should pick up which rider and drop off where uh maybe change in the middle of a route to to add another writer how does that fit into the into ai i mean most people think of ai as training data machine learning the inference kind of do you how do you consider yourself part of that optimization part of the world of ai yeah i think that we have a tendency with uh with ai to to put fields of study or or projects into into boxes when we try to define things uh as ai but ai is you know generally you know google this online in preparation for this talk but you know it's it's about using computers to make decisions that would require would normally require human intelligence and and having that computer make those decisions faster uh and at scale and i think the way we fit into ai with our optimization um is that previous approaches using were either heuristics which meant that they did not give you the optimal results um or they were put into a commercial solver you know you modeled your optimization problem as a big x plus y equals one type of problem you throw it into a commercial solver which are you know off the shelf optimization solvers that you can use as long as you formulate your problem in a specific way and then you formulate your problem that way you press enter and you wait for a result and that just took too long especially at city scale and especially to compute in real time so in terms of being able to assess more routes than a human could possibly do and to do that in real time faster than computers really puts our optimization within that realm of ai definitions we you know are making it so that a computer can make these decisions better more optimal in terms of which vehicle is going to pick up who um and we're doing that at a scale that humans couldn't possibly do i i in prep for this call i went back and read the the paper that we've been talking about um and there's some jargon in there that i found interesting it made me start thinking about time as an element and not just the optimal uh you know one answer but the if you how long you're willing to wait for what kind of quality answer and there was a phrase that was in the paper called anytime optimality as a character of the algorithm can you talk us a little through through that that concept yeah so anytime optimal just means that if i'm if i'm running my algorithm and the longer i run it the better the results will get right and so it's very similar to machine learning when you're thinking about training data so if i let my neural net sit and train for you know one hour versus 10 days you're going to get a different result what anytime optimality means is that if i cut it off and and stop the optimization anywhere while it's computing i'm going to get the best current result and so that means that you typically get an answer very very quickly but if you give the solver more time it will find better and better answers for you that's the idea of anytime optimality and is that in now that you're actually building a company and as services i know you you you folks recently launched in houston um how do you turn the dial in terms of user experience it's like i love the idea that you you can stop improving the answer anytime you want and you'll get the best answer up to that point but how do you in the real world how do you set that dial or kind of talk through about the choices you've had to make in implementing it as an actual real world tool yeah so in terms of a real world tool we really have three dials that we can touch you know there's many more but like three of the main dials one dial is the timeout so how long we're going to allow our solver to to to be finding new solutions you know the idea of any time optimality when's that cut off time that's one of our knobs and then the other knobs have to do with the user experience so that's the maximum waiting time and the maximum delay these two quality of service constraints that we utilize when trying to determine which routes are feasible um and what's what's interesting is that all these knobs affect the optimality and the performance because they all interact with each other so the timeout now if i said that would be very low i'll get a very very fast response but you know it may not be the the best allocation of routes for these vehicles to service some set of passengers similarly for the max weight and max delay if i set the max delay to infinity right we could have one vehicle pick up everybody but that's going to lead us to likely more rider cancellations but it definitely will lead us to more rider cancellations than we'd expect otherwise so it's about fine-tuning such that we can be returning results to the to the to the customer in terms of sorry to the rider in terms of their routes fast enough right and so what do we deem as fast enough do we deem 30 seconds do we deem five seconds one second it really depends on on the level of demand in that area also using the max weight max delay allow us to make the possible set of options more sparse which can increase the or can reduce the time it takes to compute them but you may not be able to service everybody so you also have to be balancing out how what percentage of your incoming demand are you servicing and so then you have these two knobs and continuously turn so you can hit your your key performance indicator for your service rate say you want to hit 85 fulfilled but you also want to be responding to users in real time so you need to have it under one second and then you can adjust the max weight max delay to meet your needs that's fascinating would um as you were working um on the on the general problem maybe before turning into transportation did you other uh i'm sure we have a wide variety of industries that the audience is works in this whole general problem of optimization where else do you see it crop up in in in the real world yeah so interestingly enough we when covet hit we decided to spend some of our resources helping out this program called the boston healthcare for the for the homeless program that needed an optimization software for um for allocating beds and reassigning them in in a field hospital didn't end up coming to fruition but it just shows one example um it just shows one example of of where optimization can be used any time that you are able to model a problem like you don't need to use neural nets in it for for everything where you can actually make up a model if you can really formulate a model for your problem then putting it into an optimization solver is a really good way of of getting very very high quality solutions the problems that you know would be very very hard to solve otherwise i like the example of uh allocating beds in a hospital sort of uh resource constraints and how best to use them uh whether it's cars and and then quality function like uh length of a ride um in um in you raised uh covered 19 in the pandemic um we have a question from uh emile delcor what was it like to work on a uh on a business that puts people together during a pandemic so sharing rides kind of any any uh thoughts or experiences on that uh yeah so it's it's been difficult um so on on one hand there is really a dire need for um for ways to augment public transportation currently just given the pandemic with the budget cuts in public transportation it means that fixed route buses they're being cut a lot of them to save money because they're not getting that same fare box revenue uh from these buses the transit agency and so they need dynamic um on-demand systems to to service you know and then to maintain accessibility of their transit network um however yeah you're right that uh that putting people together in a small vehicle is not ideal for uh for the coronavirus what we've done uh in houston for our launch is our vehicles have separate doors for each passenger and there is a partition between the seats so there is some separation also we only allow 50 of the passengers to to enter the vehicle so there's never the vehicles are never running at capacity um and through that we have seen people are open to sharing rides um with others given those those constraints at the moment i i um it sounds like you're definitely the rounding company is definitely working on in support of the public transit uh uh authorities and municipalities rather than as a taking business away from them is that fair to say yeah um at our core we partner with cities to power the the future of public we really want to work with cities in order to in order to increase their accessibility of public transportation um you know buses are not huge money makers right the the unit economics of the bus are not fantastic and so and that's because we are subsidizing them because public transportation is really to be it's really meant for everybody and not just those who who can afford it um yeah and as a as a the results of your successful um optimization approach the whole idea of reducing the number serving the same number of riders same quality of experience but with way fewer vehicles um can you talk a little about as a as a public good how does that make people's lives better what are the different outcomes if if you succeed as at scale um how is the world a better place yeah our vision that is a is that a community of any size and anywhere anywhere with any amount of resources can meet the transit needs of its people and we really don't want people to be to be blocked by their access to public um to access you know the economy we don't we don't like right now if you live in in in public transportation deserts um in even in big cities like new york city it increases the chance that you're going to need to own a car and once you own a car get to work and you're not earning a ton of money right if you if something happens to that car or something happens to your access to transportation that can really leave you in in a horrible spot where you can't earn any money and so i really think that the routing company is going to uh is going to makes make it so you can live anywhere in a city but still be connected to your place of work and to places that are selling things like restaurants and and other parts of the city where there where there are where there is economic activity you shouldn't be blocked to access any economic activity because of public transportation it should really be accessible and easy to use and to get you anywhere that you deserve and talk to us a little bit about as you come out of your uh you know doing research as part of a phd program and now turn to building and launching a product in the real world um the the the theme of this year's mtech is the age of implementation so what has it been like for you and your team to to build this as in your own personal age of implementation can you take us through some of some of that experience yeah so the first thing it's been really amazing for me um you know being a cto having this come out of my phd it's all been theoretical all hypothetical has been simulations uh until we've launched in in houston which um you know makes everything become real and the problems can change so for instance and this happens a lot that there is interaction between user experience and optimality and you you would think well you know just an algorithm just optimize it and get better results but sometimes that depends on on the user as well um so for instance we had this issue where writers were cancelling like a lot and we had no idea why when we looked through the logs we find that people would cancel then request the end then cancel arrive and request again and we found out that it was because our progress bar on our app uh looked like there was going to be no time remaining after you requested your ride so people were preemptively cancelling it even though they might have been assigned a vehicle and that caused our fulfillment right our service rate which we which is our our most important kpi to to decrease and it turned out you know to actually get people friend to be we have to create the user experience that that makes them think that they're going to get assigned a ride and then be be taken somewhere so it's just interesting how how the real world and user experience and how you know you're building a incredibly intelligent you know optimization engine right but at the end of the day somebody's just clicking a button and then a car is picking them up anybody should be able to use this and that's you know the interesting play between how good can you make something and and how you can make the experience it's just quite interesting interplay when you saw that anomaly in your logs uh what was your first intuition did you think it was something wrong with the core engine there was a big bug and i was i was very very very worried about putting myself into the position of the user and then i could see like oh i could probably i would probably cancel this you know i'm you know i i reload pages when they don't load fast enough my computer you know i i definitely do the same on on my phone and so i had to you know move myself away from why is this happening because of the back end and an optimization engine and had moved myself into a perspective of a user why is this happening because of the user experience and i had that thought you know it became pretty clear when i back when i was doing product we would call it fun with humans it never really unless you sit up watch over someone's shoulder you really don't quite then it hits you and they said oh of course yeah yeah that's that's funny is um is there uh and going forward what are your what are you um thinking in terms of the core technology in in the challenges that are ahead of you yeah so i think originally we were the company that you could you could press a button press a button and and get a shuttle bus right and that was uh that was our mo um i think we're going to be moving from that to push a button get a transit service get a transit system and we can build i want us to to optimize and co-optimize the design of transit networks with existing public transit options including subways and buses alongside on-demand systems because all of these systems interplay and how good an on-demand system will be in a very dense city is dependent on the other modes of transportation and how people are moving around in that city and so there has to be some type of co-optimization such that you know you can be a transit leader you can be the the cto of a transit agency and you can go to a website you can upload information about your existing routes and you should be able to get a plan for for how you can best optimize and introduce modalities um to to to optimize your existing transit network and that's where i think we're going to be going in the next five years that's interesting so it sounds like you're describing a way to help let's say i'm a municipality help me understand how to design a system based on historical data yeah historical data extort historical data and the the current existing infrastructure right you know a a fixed line bus that is at capacity every day driving down a boulevard is doing a very good job right so how do you how do you increase the reach of that network how do you compose the on-demand services with the fixed line services and provide an all-in-one out-of-the-box transit network product that makes a ton of sense i see a couple questions from the audience here's a question from david vizman's is is the rideshare problem a variant of the traveling salesman problem uh if so are there other real world problems that that kind of also map into that problem space yeah so the uberpool problem is a variant of the dialer ride problem which is a variant of the vehicle routing problem which then you know comes back to the traveling salesman problem as the is that that the original type of you know uh optimization problem um and yeah other problems can be mapped to it though the way that we solve the problem and i'll just go back a little bit the way we solve this problem for matching riders and drivers and creating routes for the vehicles is very very different than has been done in the past instead of using this one big optimization engine um and then throwing in your your your constraints and and and your your your you know integer formula uh formalization um we instead break the problem into two parts so we have a specific type of optimization system that's best at optimizing the sequence of pickups and drop-offs that a vehicle will make to service some set of passengers and then we have another optimization step uh that then selects some subset of those pickup drop-off schedules to minimize a global cost function so it's like this this two-step approach and so where i and where i think this approach works could work really well in other areas um are scenarios where you need to sample some very large space and then select some subset right as long as you can optimize the generation like that sampling step right then the selection step can actually be very very easy and fast to solve and so what we spent a lot of our time doing was optimizing that that sampling step right interesting even the vehicles and the requests you know how do we can we can generate all of the possible options are all the possible good options that we use that's helpful and then another question maybe maybe the last one uh david tyke as you and your website mention houston are you able to talk anymore about any other communities that you're working with they're planning to work with and i'm not sure what you can share as a company yeah so we have a couple of deployments uh that are upcoming in more rural areas with lower numbers of vehicles and and farther travel distances uh we find it to be a really interesting problem because those folks tend to be extremely uh underserved and lack uh options for for and so yeah you know because in the beginning we're talking about these constraints and the quality of service and the maximum weight maximum delay all of these can be tweaked for the different densities such that we can have a service that can accommodate what a what the expectation of a manhattan traveler is versus the expectation of a more rural traveler a manhattan traveler with you know really high density would probably expect a vehicle in three minutes and five minutes whereas a more rural traveler would be willing to pre-book um or to book and then wait for you know 30 minutes to get to get picked up because the alternative to that was uh no options that's interesting it's a pretty broad span of applications of your of your service that sounds like and it sounds like a real issue of social equity and social yeah in rural areas a lot of times people only have one car for a household and so when that car overseas particularly and when that car leaves the household you have no the people at home have no no way to get to the city center besides you know very very uh unreliable fixed line buses so we're coming up on time um this is a fun conversation alex and it sounds like um you're really working something that matters uh using some pretty difficult and sophisticated uh uh software uh in the ai space uh so alex uh thank you so much for taking the time out from your startup to to talk to us and to the audience thanks for joining this session i hope you enjoy your next mtech session thanks so much thank you

- What Is Komoot & How Do We Use It?: Kind: captions Language: en - You might have noticed from some of our recent videos of rides, both near and far, that we often talk something called Komoot, which is, what, exactly? Well, this and this. A route planning and navigation app. Now, I use it all the time. Originally, that came about because it's free, and then, also, because it plays really nicely with the Wahoo head units that we use. And now, two years after I first heard about it, Komoot actually also sponsored GCN, which is super cool. Anyway, I'm gonna talk you through how you use it. There are three layers of functionality to Komoot. Firstly, planning. Secondly, during ride recording and navigation. Either using the smartphone app or synced up to your head unit. And thirdly, post-ride. So, uploading photos, sharing, that kind of thing. Now, I'm not on a bike, as you can see. I also haven't been for a ride yet today, so we're gonna start with the planning phase. You can use the smartphone app for that, both pre-ride and indeed, during ride as well, if you wanna change course, but for in-depth stuff, I'd use the desktop version. There's a bit more space and a bit of added functionality, as well. The first step, will be, of course, to set up an account. As I said, it is free, although you can make purchases in app of maps, easy for you to say, that you can download and use offline. So, if you don't have any phone signal, you've got the data already on your phone. The first screen that you see, is a log of your rides or other people's rides that you've chosen to follow. But we will go swiftly on to the route planning page. Now, you start by entering a start point and a finish point, either by clicking on the map or entering an address. And then you can choose to either have a one-way route or a round trip. Now, if you know where you're going, that's fine, but if you don't, and you're looking for some inspiration, you'll notice there are loads of little red bike icons dotted around the map. Now, these are actually highlights other people have left to help you with your route planning. It could be anything from a beautiful view, to a fantastic little cafe. And if you click on them, you can very simply and quickly add it to your route. Now, the route that I'm planning is one I'm hoping to do this summer with some mates. It's starting from here on the south coast of the UK and going back home. Now, I will enter the start point, Weymouth, finish point, Bristol! And then, I can click to add in a few highlights along the way. Cider, I'll take that one, and then maybe a great road I already know about. To do that, I can just simply click on the map and add it as a Waypoint. We get a number of different routes generated by Komoot's algorithms, and that depends on what type of ride you choose. So, it could be a super fast road ride, it could be a scenic back road touring route, it could be gravel, it could be mountain biking, it could even, actually not riding at all, but hiking, or running. Although, I'm not entirely sure why you'd wanna do that. Anyway, for this particular one, I'm gonna go for a trendy gravel ride by clicking on this icon. As you can see here. So, this is our gravel optimised route, based on what Komoot thinks is the best choice of routes for me to ride from here, to beer. I mean, Bristol. We got all the stats for that route. The ride length, the amount of climbing, the amount of descending, even an estimation of how long it'll take, just as long as you don't have to stop all that much to take photos, like James, or perhaps lie down. And one particularly cool feature is the surfaces and Waytypes summaries function. So, because Komoot uses open cycle maps, or open street maps, then it's got detailed community contributed information about just about every metre of the route. Whether that's a road, or trail, it will know exactly what type of surface you can expect. And so, in this instance, if we change it from a gravel ride to a mountain bike ride, we can suddenly see that the amount of off-road has jumped, we're on Singletrack for 27.3 kilometres, and in total, about 35% of the this route is now unpaved. You can also, then, see, on the interactive elevation profile at the bottom, exactly what surface you can expect to see on either a climb, or a descent. For the control freaks among us, you can, of course, get a bit more control over the route, by adding in more Waypoints to force it in the direction that you want to go. And to get more information to help your decision making, you can toggle through different types of maps. So, from the Komoot map, to open street maps, open cycle maps, where you get information on cycling infrastructure and mountain bike trails as well. Now, the usual caveats do apply with deviating from Komoot's actual specified route. Their algorithms are based on data, so what it knows about the road surface type, and the elevation, things like that. So, if you do choose to go away from it, then, well, that's up to you. You can, of course, choose to ignore Komoot's algorithms altogether, and, in fact, ignore all trails and roads at that with the off grid planning function. Probably more useful for hikers and runners, I would have thought, than cyclists. But that said, I did use it, actually out in Morocco last year when we were able to see from the Google satellite overlay, that there was, indeed, some kind of path over the Atlas Mountains, it just hadn't been mapped yet. Also worth mentioning, as a final point on the planning phase, you can, of course, upload a GPX, a TCX, or a FIT file very easily. And you can either save it as a completed activity, or import it into the route planner where you can then tweak it and modify it as you fancy. Now you're out, there are a few ways in which Komoot can help you navigate on the fly, either by linking up to your head unit, or by using the app directly on your smartphone. Now, we touched earlier on buying maps and then downloading them to your phone, this is perfect if you're going abroad, and you don't want to pay for additional data. It's perfect if you want to save battery, because you can actually navigate whilst your phone is in aeroplane mode. Or, of course, it's essential if you're gonna be going off the beaten track, beyond phone signal. You could make do with the free version, but then you have to rely on your own ability to actually get yourself out of trouble if you get lost. Whereas, if you download the appropriate maps before you go, should you stray off course, it can then help to get you back on track. If you're gonna use your phone only to start navigation, to start recording, you simply hit the giant Start Navigation button and away you go. It will give you turn by turn instructions, both audio, so you can stick your phone in your pocket, and visual, so you can also strap your phone to your handlebars if you so wish. Now, I tend to use mine synced up to my head unit. So, Komoot has advanced integrations with most of the major GPS head units out there. In the case of this Wahoo one, I've actually synced my Komoot account in the Wahoo app, and then all my rides automatically download to the head unit when it's connected to WiFi. If, when you're out riding, you wanna change your route for any reason, if you got a mobile phone signal, doing so is super easy. You simply click wherever you wanna go, additionally, on the map, as if you were planning it in the first place and hey, presto, it will reroute it for you. (exhales sharply) Phew, what an epic. Now, once you have completed your ride, it will automatically save as a private completed tour. Now, that's whether you've been using your phone to record it on or, indeed, in this case the Wahoo, that's automatically synced up to it. Then, you can click into that activity and you can give it a title, you can also upload photos, share it with your mates, tag in whoever joined you along for the ride. Now, it's super easy to upload photos. If you geotagged them at the point that you took them, they will automatically upload to exactly the right place on the map. If you didn't, then you can just drop a pin, and upload it from there. You can also, of course, upload your own highlights, which we touched on earlier on. So, that could be a place, or it could even be a segment of trail or road. You click on the point on the map, and then you upload your own photo, give it title, give it a description. If someone's got there first, then you can either up vote or down vote their highlight and add in your own tip or description and your own photographs as well. So, there we go! Hopefully, you have found this little snapshot about how to use Komoot rather useful. I definitely encourage you to give it a go. If nothing else, you could head over to the GCN profile that we've got on there, because we've actually got loads and loads of routes that we've been doing over the past few weeks and months. Including things like North Coast 500, and our English Epic Ride. Make sure you give it a big thumbs up, let us know what you think in the comment section down below and if you wanna watch that North Coast 500 video, you haven't seen it yet, click through to on screen now.

  Top Comments:
  1. @gcn [23 likes]: Let us know how you get on with Komoot and follow our GCN account for loads more awesome routes coming soon!
  2. @TravellingTorunn [1 likes]: I love Komoot and I have made many hiking routes and collections. They are great to navigate in the app, and it works really well with the routes downoaded for offline use. I normally use the computer desktop to make the routes. There is one thing I wish you could improve, which is the count of total ascent. It is never right, and underestimates the ascent severely. Sometimes it is estimated only half of what I measure in Strava and also what is estimated in official guide books like the South West Coast Path Association's yearly guide books. I have - using Komoot - been made to believe that the walk is far easier than it is because of this until I learned to estimate the total ascent to be in reality from 50-100% more than what is said in the Komoot app. Everything else is great.
  3. @KeithKnowles-n5y: I down loaded Komoot, and it’s NOT FREE!! As u suggested in the video - obviously they sponsor you
  4. @sumbl1ss: You never answered what it is.. exaclty. Its a cycling app? All the comments are about cycling. And you seem to be too. I guess you kind of answered what it is.
  5. @SteveGchess: I looked at it in the App store and only got as far as the list of personal data Komoot harvest and sell on. It was horrifying.
  6. @starwilkinson8020: Garmin+ Komoot is the Goat combination.
  7. @cheefussmith9380: Very helpful thanks! After a few years away I want to get back into riding. I figure a good way to do that is to get back into commuting. My old commute was aprox 12 miles. new one is closer to 20 but I have safety concerns. 

I don’t fully trust google maps as it takes me through some pretty precarious areas so I was hoping to find something better 😎
  8. @theundead1600: It’s a ok app for in town or if you willing to subscribe.
  9. @nigelmccomb8106: As someone who purchased Komoot, and has tried several times to use it , I can’t tell you that it is a complete waste of money, total fail!
Gets you lost on a regular basis , drops out , sucks up your phone battery life in a few hours and never shuts up when giving voice direction.
It’s complete garbage.
  10. @damianchristie288: So I go into komoot put in a location  and I get we are still mapping out routes for this location.  The procedure for changing miles to kilometers is extremely well concealed  and  I have no way of knowing if I need to purchase the app before it works .  So far so bad
  11. @myfastguru: What is the advantage of the subscription package compared to buying maps or are there reasons why you would purchase both? Thanks in advance for any info!
  12. @Huneidu: Is Komoot still good? I just purchased a Tern, and the Bosch app wants me to use Komoot navigation.
  13. @7EVEN7Motorsport: 5 years on Komoot or Strava?
  14. @davidcoomber4050: So they sponsor you 🤔mmmm vested interest springs to mind
  15. @2-4-6wheels: I paid the one-off fee to download maps to my phone to use offline.  As Si says, put your phone in flight mode but an equally huge battery saver is to set the app to "Wake up display" which turns the screen off between navigation instructions.  To do this, after starting your naviagtion, click on the volume icon in the bottom right corner.  My phone easily lasts all day.
  16. @alias_peanut: How do u learn to bike in Selangor uncoordinated . Frowned peer pressure Learn whilst  during  doing or after.
  17. @andhinuranugriawan5059: How long can a smartphone running Komoot planned route? 24 hours?\
  18. @pennigladstone2105: New Komoot and following you. On our first tour we turned around early and wanted to follow route back from where we were but it keep thinking we were going out of our way and kept trying to get us back on route to it's original finish.  Can't figure out how to tell it we need to end direction and follow it back. Please guide me. Thanks so much.
  19. @rdkuless: Many disabled riders use Recumbent Trikes.. it would have been nice if Komoot had thought of the needs of Recumbent Trike riders like STAIRS AVOIDANCE.. Stairs are very dangerous for disabled riders. Komoot doesn't even take any of that into account on a route:  yet it tells you details of road conditions like : Paved, single track, unpaved etc... They could have coded in a button that says:  AVID STAIRS... That way, the Komoot app doesn't try to route you to Stairs. (ie DEAD END that can't be ridden). Very disappointed because Komoot is not user friendly.  and it tries to route me (while in road cycling) onto freeways that forbid bicycles.. it is very dangerous to direct a disabled rider onto a freeway and not find an alternative "safe path".. Not to mention illegal to get on a freeway where komoot is telling you to go..  SAD SAD Komoot APPS and expensive without any customer service to help.
  20. @wimharinck6381: Veel te duur

- PA FMR Shared Ride Transportation Travel Training: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] before a rider can take a shared ride trip they must register with their local shared ride transportation provider riders can register online or by calling their local transportation provider once registered a rider can schedule a shared ride trip most transportation providers require trips to be booked a minimum of 24 hours in advance when scheduling your trip keep in mind that a shared ride trip will usually take longer than the same trip in a personal vehicle so riders should carry the supplies required to last the duration of their trip including oxygen and other medical aids passengers should be ready and watch for their vehicle within the provided pickup window drivers can only wait five minutes at the pickup location in consideration of other passengers many transit agencies have an automated call system that provides optional reminders the night prior or directly before your trip so check with your local transit agency for details regarding setting up this service drivers must always keep their vehicles in view so they are not permitted to enter homes to assist passengers safety is our number one priority vehicles are fully accessible and can accommodate riders with wheelchairs scooters walkers or other mobility assistance devices if you use a wheelchair or scooter one the driver will exit the vehicle to activate the lift 2. you may back onto the lift or board in the forward position 3. once on the left lock your wheelchair wheels 4. once lifted board the vehicle so you are facing forward five your driver will secure your wheelchair to the floor when boarding the vehicle using the steps you should always have three points of contact one hand and two feet or two hands and one foot it also helps to remember the abc rule a always watch your step b be careful look ahead c clasp the handrail most importantly we recommend you bring any medication or medical supplies that you may need for the entire trip be sure to plan for unexpected delays beyond those needs passengers should be able to carry and control their own items all items must be kept out of the aisles and cannot be placed in seated areas if needed the driver may assist you in securing loose items all riders need to be registered and included in your scheduled trip to ensure there is enough room for everyone on the vehicle you may bring a companion or personal care assistant with you just be aware fees for companions may apply personal care assistants usually ride for free after registration requirements are met passengers must provide appropriate safety seats for children riding with them all service animals as defined by the americans with disabilities act are permitted on all shared ride vehicles we know the unexpected happens riders should contact their local transit agency directly if they will not be ready at their scheduled pickup time or as early as possible when canceling a trip to avoid a no-show on their account no-show policies may vary by local transit agencies to apply for free or reduced fare programs visit findmyride.penndot.pa.gov or contact your local transit agency to see if you are eligible find my ride was developed with funds from the pennsylvania department of transportation and the federal transit administration for more information visit

  Top Comments:
  1. @nickdouglas373: Ｐ𝐫Ｏ𝕞Ｏ𝓢ｍ 😈

- The Queen riding: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] today at Windsor Castle the queen is riding alongside one of the few people who knows as much about Royal horses as she does her head groom Terry pendry

- The Household Cavalry: the Queen's famous horses | RIDE presented by Longines: Kind: captions Language: en the household calvary is home to two of the most senior regiments the lifeguards and the blues and royals their base is at hyde park barracks in central london the role of both the breeds and the rules and lifeguards in london is largely the same they both operate to do state ceremony and public duties and they operate as the queen's personal bodyguard they're the two senior regiments in the british army and each day take over as protectors of her majesty the queen every 24 hours they'll switch over with the lifeguards doing one they're obvious as they're dressed in red and then the next 24 hours they're dressed in blue every day they ride down from here in london to horse guards parade where they take over their guard so the day starts here at about 5 30 where people get up and move on to the yachts they'll be in the yards from 5 45 to 6 where they'll be mucking out getting ready for the mornings day if they're going on guard horses will go out at 6 30 but they'll do about a half hour 45 minutes what we call a gardex which is just getting them used to the day and making sure that they're not too fresh when they go out in london so at the moment we've got roughly 223 horses across the regiment at the moment we've got a smaller amount here roughly between um a hundred and hundred and forty what you see is a lot of irish sport horses because of the way the market's going but usually we'd look for good irish draft horses the standard of care is is vitally important when we're here we're taking them out of a natural environment and putting them into a stable environment in central london so there's a lot of care that has to go into the animals than we're here we've got no paddocks here to turn horses out so we have to exercise six times a week and then on a sunday they will leave their stables and off on the walker or walk in hand around the yard so all soldiers go through phase one and phase two training before coming here and then they get loaded onto the riding course which is five months of zero to hero here is a horse and here's how you look after it here's how you ride it and here's how you put it in shiny kit and i would argue that is one of the most difficult courses i've certainly had to do it demands a lot of courage daily certainly a lot of discipline under long hours and it really makes house recovery men who they are today is a unique day as we build up the lord mayor show on saturday we have alongside the household cavalry band who also a mounted band they're all trained musicians they're also trained horsemen so when you're riding a band horse we they tend to be chosen for that job for their ability to just basically sit one behind the other and move forward it's very difficult to play and ride at the same time but they're always in contact with the range so you'll note that they loop the rain around their forearm when they're riding um so they're keeping some some element of contact as they're going around but it's basically a game of getting the right horse in the right place and just follow the one in front their legs are still working for direction and pace going forward so they're still in the correct body position but they just get a bit tied up with our hands [Music] [Applause] the drum horses are are very special they take a long time to train we spend usually between three and five years training them and once they've finished their training they are named by her my job here is the ferry major so i run all the farriers and make sure the continuation of training happens on a day to day and all the horses are shot to a high standard for parades for things like queen's lifeguard and queen's birthday parades we can have anywhere up to 200 horses in this camp and we assume approximately every four to five weeks so there's a clearly a lot of shooting happening inside this camp so on the day-to-day what we do every monday we'll go around every single one of our horses and we'll check every single foot on that we'll make a list of what needs shooting through that week when we bring the horses in we'll check the amount of foot we'll trim their feet and apply new horseshoes to their feet so they've got plenty of grip and support when they're out on the roads because we are a regiment of tradition we still brand our horse's feet which doesn't hurt them there's no nerve endings and that's also their squadron numbers and their separate identity numbers preparation more inspection is hectic to say the least there's a lot of hard work and effort goes into it the grooming can take sort of an hour to two hours before each parade and the same will go with the tack the tac can take up to eight hours from the night before and we're looking to really make all the leather as shiny as possible and all the whites of the leather as white as possible so what i'm doing at the moment is i'm just tuning in some reins so they've just been lagged up so i'm just tuning them in and i'm gonna put some polish on them in a minute to make it nice and shiny this will get inspected tomorrow this attack is at the required side of the queen's lifeguard probably pretty clean so this is where we need to be to just leave the gate so this is like the standard for everyone and this will be hours and hours last night of getting it ready to go out each day the troops get inspected on their kit the reason why it's competitive and important is if you are the cleanest soldier with the best kit you get the best jobs down at horse guards if you're the least clean or the dirtiest then you get the longest work over the next 24 hours the inspection was okay today uh it could be better in theory they've got less kit to clean because they're in winter order are you the cloaks uh normally the summer order is where you see them in the big shiny crasses and the big cross belts which take a lot more time and attention that said they were certainly all up to the standard it's just slight attention to detail which put some of them against the rest but none were at a standard which was low enough to get them pulled off there is a possibility of someone getting taken off their horse at every inspection should they not be at the standard they should leave at 10 30 on adopt and arrive at horse girls parade at 11 when the clock chimes and that enables them to walk down there at a fairly steady pace under a police escort to ensure that there are no delays it's a very nice journey you go down all the way to hyde park corner through wellington arch then down to buckingham palace past buckingham palace down the mall and then into horse guards parade we don't want the horses to fit we want them to to a low level to be able to do the job that we do but with more fitness comes more energy and the last thing you want on parade is exuberance let's put it that way imagine 250 children or half-ton toddlers each horse is individual in itself the more and the longer time they do it the better they become at it as any soldier but we do have to work with them individually some of them have vices that we need to to look at and we we marry up the riders to the horses other ones certainly that have been here a while done a lot of service they tend to they tend to be there the universal horses you can put anyone on so once they arrive at horse guards parade when they take over the guard change at 11 o'clock they then take over as sovereign's bodyguard at the official entrance to buckingham palace that's a 24-hour guard where if anyone were to come through they are to challenge any threats to her majesty additionally to that we also have a public engagement rule where hundreds of people will come to see either the 11 o'clock change the horses and them and the soldiers themselves or the four o'clock inspection yeah i'm immensely proud of the job i get to do i would get to work incredibly close to the soldiers that i chose to join a regiment for i get to learn with them as like as well as lead them and then all of the work on culminates in the most magnificent state occasions that you can't really put into words i've been here a lot of years and and i joined specifically to do this job i love all the pomp i lump over the ceremony but i love what it represents i love the history behind it as well long days some long nights as well and very early mornings but it it all works to show off great britain in the things that it does world renowned for that in fact

  Top Comments:
  1. @feichannel [28 likes]: Can’t stop watching? 🤩🐴Time to subscribe 👇😉
http://go.fei.org/YouTube?c
  2. @tuyenhoang605 [3 likes]: It’s so fascinating no matter the types of work or how odd that could be the military is so good at what they do and big kudos to Britain for such excellent care for their working animals even post retirement.
  3. @ukdogmum [2 likes]: RIP Captain Godwin.
  4. @RaymondFrancisSpite [2 likes]: I applauded the hours you put in and what a hard reg too get in too I salute you all well done
  5. @kimpierantoni3352 [2 likes]: Very nice video! I just love history behind the. Kings guards!❤❤❤
  6. @DaisyLilyViolet [2 likes]: My goodness the soldiers look magnificent. It’s so early to roll out of bed at 5.30 AM. to see to the horses. 
What fun it is to be old especially in winter when we can cuddle in bed at home. My small dog wakes me at 4.30 AM every morning to do his morning pooh etc then he informs the main house he is ready to come in. He has worked out his own routine.
  7. @DaisyLilyViolet [2 likes]: Glorious animals. That is why the famous British Monarchy needs to be there for centuries to come. The British Monarchy and its accoutrements are a World Heritage Sight.
  8. @DaisyLilyViolet [2 likes]: The horse behind the soldier has a most beautiful Roman nose.
  9. @DaisyLilyViolet [2 likes]: The beauty of these horses is phenomenal. Together with their superb and beautifully uniformed guards the sight is staggering.
  10. @AnnFennell [2 likes]: Beautiful  real  heros  god  keep  them  save
  11. @HenriqueGeisler [1 likes]: The Household Cavalary aren't the Queen's personal bodyguards, they stay on guard at the Horse Guard Parade, the King's personal bodyguards are the RaSP( using suits)
  12. @GlenSmith-s7x [1 likes]: I have hope for the best horses and rrrrrrrrrrrr
  13. @KanniDogfanvlog [1 likes]: waste of people tax money
  14. @LaughsInFlowers001 [1 likes]: Also y'all its CAV-AL-RY.
CAL-VARY is the hill Jesus was crucified on. 😂😂😂 smh learn your own language.
  15. @JamesR5 [1 likes]: Great Britain.

There is no great in Britain any more, wake up to reality & come of your magic mushrooms.

It’s gone to the dogs 🐕
  16. @jackiejackie436: 🤩🤗🤩
  17. @MatiHakimi: ❤
  18. @michelleloader5560: Hi eveyone ❤
  19. @JeetSingh-jb2qw: Breed?
  20. @erindanelleavilaavilaguerr7251: I'm in Russia at space.

- Wrangling Wild Horses in the Mountains of Montana | Short Film Showcase: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] growing up I was definitely the most interested in the ranch lifestyle from the young age I just really enjoyed riding horses and be in the outdoors making lots of money isn't my priority I would rather live in a beautiful place and do the things that I love my name is Cameron Kelsey third generation dude rancher I was born and raised here on the nine quarter circle ranch outside of Bozeman Montana we raised our horses in the Clone World style of horsemanship the horses spend year-round outside in the elements fending for themselves and grazing off the land and it's pretty damn tough for a horse out there these elements so we move them down to lower elevations in the wintertime and they spend the winter months down there grazing on the range in the springtime we gather them up to let them back up to the ranch there's an energy in the air that morning when you open the gate mostly the horses they know it's time to go to the summer pasture we're just ready and charging and I spent a long winter and nobody's ridden and the horses haven't been conditioned it's like sitting down most of the layer and then open the gates and run in a marathon it's tough to kick split out everybody you could easily throw all those horses on a truck and trailer and not ever happy on a horse at all we do the roundup because it's a tradition it's more about the camaraderie than it is about the practicality of it when you got a herd of hundred and twenty horses that you've raised and bred you can kind of see the little cliques that they get into each horse has its own personality some are better at wrangling some are better at leading a trail ride they know me from a stranger they're very smart animal I prefer to be up here and and being a solitary man I guess I don't like to depend on other people to do things so if I need food I go hunting if I need you know a bed I build it I'm not really a cowboy I have more of a horseman the way I would phrase it you got there right across the country you had nobody to bug you it's just you and the horse and and the herd in front of you not many people get to do that sort of thing it's always a little unsettling yeah six or eight Wranglers that have never been on your horses we don't know how they ride a lot of responsibility picking off horses that they're riding and which putting them on so that's what makes me more nervous it's making sure that they're safe and we're still getting the job done I remember one morning I'm riding a Colt one time really young horse had only been ridden four or five times prior we were going up the trail and there was a log that had a fork in it he just happened to step in the wrong spot and ended up just breaking his leg I was still on his back he's just laying there all tangled up in this log and I happen to have a gun at the time three minutes ago I was riding this horse and now he's did it it hit me pretty hard it was kind of like wow what happened there yeah it was it was hard to deal with uh it was you know it was actually a horse that I had like two or three days before that kind of talk to my dad about keeping him as my own horse and and then I said you know everything comes and goes I love this lifestyle and I wouldn't say it makes me more of a man it does it depends on your definition of what being a man is Mother Nature doesn't really care if you're Camryn Kelsey or the president it's still going to do whatever is gonna do people get really big egos I mean you're nothing you're just another man doing what every other man before you is done no no my dad I mean I know where I'm at in my place and what I do you

  Top Comments:
  1. @NatGeo [247 likes]: Driven by his love for horses, Kameron Kelsey makes a living at the 9 Quarter Circle Ranch spending time with these magnificent animals. What are your thoughts on Kameron's way of life?
  2. @whatevertoday51 [2 likes]: Leave wild horses alone
  3. @jack9601 [2 likes]: Horses need to be free. They've more than earned that right. Love them from afar. Respect and cherish them for Real by doing so. By letting them live their lives their way, in the wild, with their families. ACTUSLLY Live by the symbols you seem to cherish.
  4. @chefcook09 [2 likes]: Horses are such beautiful animals. The way how they move and make a sound
  5. @MarytinaRaquelBonganay [1 likes]: Year of the Horse: Wild Horse Migration
  6. @Serenity-g3p [1 likes]: I LOVE HORSES.  Horses are magnificently majestic animals/beasts; it's terrific to see them run and very satisfying to watch them groomed and cared for.
  7. @WilfredoCruz-p4w [1 likes]: This is the behind the scenes of Spirit Live Action Remake!
  8. @eleni-music3674 [1 likes]: It's Not Food It's Violence 💔💔💔💔💔💔😭😭😭😭😭😭😡😡😡😡😡🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬
  9. @Ricky-r1-13w [1 likes]: done
  10. @missbohochic751: USA is the most beautiful country in the world ❤ it’s so magic
  11. @StéphaneTaumata: Iaorana je m appelle stef beaux chevaux
  12. @PcsPassion: yeu.   ตื่นพรอ้มกับความคิดถึง    คุณคิดเหมือนกันไหม    หมาปอ ้
  13. @mythal0620: I had to get so old to see someone I thought was a cowboy - just like I imagined in my dreams. This is a wonderful video. Thank you! 🐎
  14. @Froluvangel: Lived in Big sky over 20 years. One of the most Beautiful places in the world ❤️ Really Miss the P.B.R. uhhhh!!!!
  15. @anishafulton1224: I know where I’m at and my place and what I do.
I wish I had that.
I tip my hat to you.
  16. @d.n.3652: The real Ram Ranch
  17. @nadiveboi: I this boy live style. Much respect. Reminds me of my childhood and specially how he talks about his horses. ❤
  18. @amorrison5548: Gratitude from a reconnecting Osage in Portland, OR. Thanks for your service to the collective. Your perspective, blend of energies is unique and very appreciated.❤🌻
  19. @trawallyyahya1725: Best life style
  20. @ernestlagasse2323: THE LIFE STORY OF A GREAT HORSE

- Alone Across Gola (2025) | Award-Winning Adventure Documentary: Kind: captions Language: en In 2012, I set off on a 13 month adventure to cycle and wild camp my way across two continents. I'm Jude Kriwald from London, England. I am 20 years old and I’m cycling from England to India. Not going to make it before sunset, I don’t think. At night, I'd shiver in my sleeping bag as temperatures in my tent dropped to minus 31. Just one month later, I’d sweat waterfalls on the tarmac as temperatures soared to 48 degrees. I was chased by packs of wild dogs, held up at gunpoint, hospitalised with typhoid, stayed in countless strangers' homes, tried foods I'd never heard of, and found a sense of adventure which only the open road can bring. I wanted to try living on a bicycle. I could meet lots of interesting people, see beautiful, remote parts of the world. Jump! Jump! It was the best thing I ever did. Fast forward to last year. It's been over ten years since I completed that epic voyage. I'm 31 years old. I had so many hopes of being an adventurer after that trip, but never pursued them further. I'd lie awake at night asking myself why I wasn't out there adventuring. The truth is, pursuing my dream was just too daunting. I was surrounded by typical career escalators, and their thousands of on-ramps made it impossible not to be sucked in. I was stuck, obsessed by dreams I knew I could achieve, but missing the belief and direction to make it happen. There is a cost to doing or not doing anything in life, and it was my mental health that paid the price. When I returned from India, my friends knew me as the happy-go-lucky guy. But that mindset soon faded, replaced by grey mornings, and self-esteem which dropped year after unfulfilling year. I was sure there was no way my partner Nicola would put up with me disappearing to far-flung countries for months at a time. But in the end it was Nicola who provided the spark I needed. ‘Jude,’ she said, ‘For God's sake, go.’ ‘You’ve been talking about this as long as I've known you.’ ‘I'll still be here when you get back.’ ‘Just don't you dare die out there.’ Three months later, I found myself in Liberia, West Africa. I was two months into my new adventure, a three-month cycle alone from Senegal to Liberia. I chose West Africa because I knew so little about it and was desperate to rediscover that feeling of wonder that comes from exploring a new land. Whilst I enjoyed elements of being on the road once more, something was missing. The true adventure that I'd longed for. The type that I used to dream about on those sleepless nights. It eluded me. On top of this, I really struggled to connect with the locals in many villages I visited. My name is Jude. - What? I'd come to West Africa to meet people who lived vastly different lives to me. [White man! White man!] But it was perhaps those same differences that made many interactions so hard. Having an audience watch you sort of make your bed before you’ve left the bedroom. It's quite something. Hello. - Hello. With just three weeks left on my trip, I decided to take matters into my own hands. I think the honest truth is that I'm not loving it so far. And I think that's probably why I made up this crazy challenge. If you look at satellite images of West Africa, you'll see it covered in green. But zoom in further on this northwestern corner of Liberia, where I found myself at that moment, and you'll see a deeper, thicker, luscious green patch, hundreds of miles across. This is the Gola Rainforest. It straddles the border between Liberia and Sierra Leone and is home to the Kissi, Mende, and Gola tribes. I could see a dirt track that weaved right through the centre of the rainforest, except for a short section where the track disappeared. Why was there no track there? Desperate for a challenge to shake up my mindset, I found myself irresistibly drawn to the wilderness. I decided that I would take the dirt track as far as I could into the heart of the rainforest and attempt to bridge that gap in the road. How thick will the jungle be once the track runs out? Is my route even possible? The uncertainty thrilled me and terrified me in equal measures. I’ve stocked up. I've got six baguettes, fifty biscuits, four or five dinners' worth of pasta and noodles. If I can get through to Fayama, it will mean being at the start of the very northern point of a really long track down to the coast. No tarmac, no electricity, no phone signal, and no guarantee I'd make it through to the other side. As I approached the final village, I asked if there was a path which might lead me further into the jungle. It's possible? - Are you walking by foot? - With the bicycle. - No. Unsurprisingly, the track was a dead end. My bike weighed 53 kilos, so with no clear path to cycle on, I'd never make it through. A moment later, the village chief suggested I ask some local men to guide me through the jungle. I was uncomfortable with this at first, but I soon realised it was my only option. And if I carried as much of my own luggage as I could and paid them fairly, maybe it would work out well for everyone. Fayama was a tiny settlement in the rainforest where, according to my maps, the track south continued. If I could just reach Fayama, I'd have cleared the trackless part of the jungle, and be able to complete my three month journey. I soon met Kafo and his friends, the young men who would accompany me through the rainforest. The jungle was like no place I'd seen before. The air was clear, yet I could still see only 20 metres in any direction. Beads of sweat ran down my face and dripped off my chin. We made a good pace, scrambling over jungle rivers, lifting my bike over giant fallen trees, and hacking our way through thick overgrowth. Hold up! About an hour into the trek, I noticed that Kafo kept running ahead with my bike and one of my bags. You don't have to go very far in the jungle to quickly be out of sight. He disappeared with my bike and handlebar bag with all my cash in it. I have zero reason to suspect him. Quite the opposite. But it's a caution in my head I never switch off. The GoPro on my bike, left on by mistake, captured exactly what I'd feared. I haven't realised it yet, but I'm about to be forced into a split-second decision. Do I confront the armed man, who has stolen money from me in the middle of the rainforest, And who I absolutely need to rely on to get out of here? Or do I pretend I didn't see it? Keep the peace. Lose the money. But potentially encourage him to do something even worse. Did you open it? Did you open this? No? I lost some money. I realised that I had to de-escalate. I needed Kafo to think that I didn't think he just robbed me. Otherwise, he'd likely get defensive and I'd be in big trouble. Never before, not on this trip, nor on any other, had I ever felt so vulnerable. My life was truly in the hands of these two strangers, one of whom was carrying a machete and had just tried to rob me. Ah, yeah. This is my money. That’s mine. You took it from here. It’s okay, just give it back. When we get to the end, I’ll pay you. Not before. No problem. I’m very aware of my vulnerability here. I have no idea why I am. No GPS signal with this canopy. These guys know where they are. They're very friendly, but he does have a machete. I couldn't be mad at Kafo. Who am I to say I wouldn't have done the same thing in his situation? The scarcity and hardship of rural Liberians had met the unattainable prosperity of the West. Perhaps what happened is just the unavoidable friction of two worlds colliding. We got through the jungle in one piece and everybody left with more money than they might have, so I had nothing to complain about. I certainly couldn't convince myself that I was less fortunate than Kafo. Deep inside the jungle, we had found a mini oasis, a clearing no bigger than half a football field. Reaching Fayama Town! As I looked around this tiny settlement of six or seven mud huts, I realised I was safe. I let out the biggest sigh of relief of my life. I was unsure if I should pay the man who had just stolen from me. But ultimately, it felt like the right thing to do. Just made it to Fayama after 3 hours in the jungle. I'm with the chief and his son. And another little one. Yeah, quite an experience. Real jungle. You know, there’s sometimes a track, sometimes disappears and the guys get the machete out. Ants latching on. Absolutely piercing pain. And they just grab onto your toe or your ankle and just... I don't know what it is they sink into you, but they sink it. This stuff. It's like Velcro. So painful. Really glad that was over. And these guys have been advising me which track is better to go south from here. But I soon learned the way forward would not be as simple as I'd hoped. This is the road to Jarwajeih? - Yes. - I go straight? - Straight. - Thank you, my friend. I’ll say goodbye. Cheers. The settlement was truly isolated. Fayama was meant to be the beginning of the road south to the next village. Jarwajeih. But this section had been abandoned since the war. You can still trace its vague path, but it's no road. How could my maps be 20 years out of date? There wasn't enough food in this village to sustain another person, and going back the way I came was out of the question. Heading deeper into the jungle to try to find Jarwajeih was my only option. Is this even the same way? I stopped, drank some water. Got out of my wet clothes, wrung out my shirt. Put the tent up. Being very careful to check that there's no ants or anything on all my bags when I put them in. Basically not putting anything on the ground that’s going in my tent. Yeah. Bedding in for a night in the jungle. I've been looking forward to the jungle for ages. I think it hit me a bit quickly. And I took too long... Well, whatever. I took a while to remember all the stuff I prepared. Like certain clothes and so on. But it feels really good to be safe in here now. And I just about managed to get a satellite message out to Nicola Just to say I’m okay, which is really nice. That's a real luxury. I slept pretty well. I had a dream that a man trampled me in my tent. In the end I think it was actually a dream about needing the loo, which I was hesitant to do because just opening the tent means things can get in. Two whole days passed. In that time I managed just eight kilometres each day. There was no road. There was no path. At best, there was a vague semblance of where a dirt track had once been, signalled only by a lack of old trees along an opaque line through the jungle. This is way tougher than I thought it would be. This old path really is no longer used. The jungle had swallowed it whole and now I was vanishing too. I hadn't seen another person since saying goodbye to the chief. Hello? Cycling was impossible. Even pushing my bike was a gruelling feat. Foliage so thick and tall, that I often wondered if I was still on the route of the old road or just lost, heading into the jungle abyss. Where the foliage would clear enough to roll my bike alongside me, fallen trees, four foot thick, lay in my path. With my bike and equipment weighing almost as much as me, the act of lifting over two dozen such trees each day took its toll on my body. It's about a ten foot drop into - oh God, tree trunks with very sharp bits sticking out. No use complaining and no one to complain to. I was in full flow, fully aware of the problems that occurred, but never with a negative emotion attached. Broken equipment, cut limbs, lack of water, ravines with collapsed bridges. What am I doing? And still a huge uncertainty as to whether I'd make it through to a real road on the other side. It’s just taken me about 45-50 minutes to go about 200 metres. Each problem, a challenge to solve. But this is what I came here for. To test my mettle, feel alive, and to feel strong, to put myself back into nature. No safety net but my own cunning to keep me alive. This is my idea of freedom. Three days after leaving Kafo and his friend behind and the sun was setting on another 12 hour day. It’s less than two and a half kilometres to the village, which is just so tempting, but I know that could take hours. Just gotta find a way to be content being in the jungle again, another night. Under the canopy, the flora and fauna were blanketed in a thick darkness. But the forest was anything but still. If my estimations were correct, I'd reach Jarwajeih, and hopefully a real track, by noon tomorrow. The next morning, I finally reached Jarwajeih, where word of my arrival had spread. Welcome! Welcome! Welcome! - Thank you, sir. - Good morning. How are you? - You are a strong man! - Nice to see you. - We were expecting you yesterday. - I was too far. I was camping - [White man! White man!] - Two or three kilometres After spending three days alone in the jungle, I'm overwhelmed by the warm welcome of these strangers and suddenly aware of the deeper connection I’ve been missing on this trip. My name’s Jim. - Jim. Nice to meet you, sir. Goodbye. - Goodbye! - Bye bye. Bye bye. I still had a five day journey ahead of me just to reach a track used by cars, and a further two days to reach the hills by the coast, my finish line. The rough terrain and intense heat were unbearable. Squeezing every last drop of motivation from my body and mind became an increasingly impossible challenge. Today's been the hardest bit. The downhills are almost as slow as the uphills, to be honest. Oh, come on! And I'm trying to keep my morale up because this is pretty tough now. I want to get to civilisation. I've got bread for lunch and I've got noodles for dinner, and then I'm out. I don’t have anything else. Every time I thought the hardest part was over, the jungle would push me to limits I didn’t know I had. Not sure I can cross there. Going to make a dash for it. I’ve got absolutely nothing in my legs. Can’t really work out how much of it is how weak I am, tired, versus how hard this road is. A huge part of me wants to give up, to sit down and stick my thumb out, wait for a ride to get me out of here. But I know that I can't. To give up would break me. The pressure’s too huge and the stakes too high. The weight of the last ten years bears down on me as I simply cannot go back to those dark days. This track is my way out, and suffering, the way through. But despite these challenges, I start to approach the final uphill push and at last, a downhill stretch of cyclable road towards the ocean. Three days later, I arrive at the coast. It’s been 13 days since I last showered. The salt water rushes into my cuts. The pain is beautiful. A visceral trophy of my efforts. Waves wash over me. I float weightlessly and stare up at the empty sky. I later found out that I had lost 15% of my body weight, left behind in the rainforest, in clouds of exhausted breath and puddles of persistent sweat. But I’d gained something, too. Although it took me until that moment to realise it. And what I'd gained is what this story is really about. I realised that courage isn't traipsing my way through rainforests or over mountain passes. I'm in my element in those environments. It's my calling. Is it hard? Yes. But did I really need to be courageous? I don't think so. Courage isn't simply doing the hard thing because you have no other choice. Courage is doing the right thing, specifically when you don't have to. Courage, then, for me, started months before I landed in West Africa. Courage for me was finally admitting to myself that deep, deep down, I want to be an adventurer. I want to spend my life adventuring and helping others to do the same. But most importantly, courage was admitting that my mental health was in my own hands and that no one else is going to improve it for me. It required me to admit that my dreams are possible, as it is all too easy to hide behind the excuse that my dreams aren't possible, and therefore I needn't try. Or that I should wait for someone else to come and improve my mood, and recharge that spring in my step. For me, I get a really big satisfaction out of pedalling and then seeing the ground move beneath me and thinking, ‘Okay, today will move myself 100 kilometres’ ‘and there's a new country around the corner.’ Finally, courage is opening up to the people that I care about and telling them that I want to be an adventurer. Why is that so hard? Because once I admit my dream to people, they can see if I succeed or fail. I can no longer hide behind the socially accepted and easily attained career goals and milestones of life. That earn me a pat on the back, but leave me feeling empty inside. Instead, no matter how daunting, I now have to go and live that dream of mine.

  Top Comments:
  1. @JudeKriwald [357 likes]: Hey folks 🙂If you organise conferences, corporate events or education programmes and are looking for a speaker on risk, confidence and authenticity, details are here: https://JudeKriwald.com/Speaking

If you simply want to follow future expeditions and behind the scenes updates, see you on Instagram! https://Instagram.com/Judekriwald
  2. @noahblack116 [1 likes]: only wish it was longer. Great video!
  3. @bobsfilms1 [1 likes]: Just came across this - I'm 31 to. Your beginning sequence sits very similar with what I've been through. I cycle to Istanbul from England in 5 weeks time - wish me luck!
  4. @lifelong5425: Words that fit..."The road less traveled"
  5. @NewsViewsAndTruth: Earned a sub, this was entertaining
  6. @Irrelevant-44: I just found this! 
Wow mate. What an epic trip.
 I've travelled a lot all around the world, but I've never had the guts to do something like that. And I love cycling!
 You've reinvigorated my love for travel. And although I am 25 years older than you, I want to go out and do more. I hope you do too. And make awesome videos. Your narration skills and writing are also exceptional. Thanks Jude x
  7. @DTSFreedomQuest: Nice. Its not easy to have the courage to go against social norms. Love it.
  8. @TimLA11: gREAT STUFF
  9. @controlaltdeleteninjas: well done! Great story!
  10. @carolrugenstein5262: AMEM
  11. @maxw5900: Every documentary wins some kind of award.
  12. @Doctordibujo: Hermoso e inspirador video, gracias por compartir tu aventura, saludos desde Barranquilla Colombia.
  13. @one93media: That resonated deeply, respect bro and let's go live the life of our dreams!
  14. @stallservices: Loved that, congratulations on your journey! On behalf of every person who can’t get away on this scale to adventure personally (for whatever reason), but dream of experiences like this, I wish you all the very best on your adventures. Keep doing you mate! 🫡
  15. @saagarvatnani576: Thanks for sharing such a beautifully well documented account of your journey, and congratulations on taking the plunge and fulfilling your desire for adventure!
  16. @mattytilbrook6658: Epic 👏🏻
  17. @MbonisiM: BOLD
  18. @codyrink5280: Wicked man. What a trip. Did you worry about vipers when humping through the thick jungle?
  19. @chinagorominfxokafor: I deeply enjoyed this video
  20. @anaishardy8911: what a legend! so inspiring, thank you

- Can an amateur cyclist finish the Tour de France?: Kind: captions Language: en-GB (relaxing music) - Is it possible for an average bloke to ride all 21 stages of the Tour de France? - The Tour de France is the premier cycle race on the world circuit. It has existed for over 100 years now. - It is the biggest race for professional cyclists in the world. - It's nominally around three and a half thousand kilometers in length. - Generally, 21 stages over 23 days. - You know, it's the pinnacle of the sport for a cyclist if they win a stage in Tour de France. They don't even have to win a jersey or something, just winning one of those stages in one of those races is a sort of highlight. (lively music) - I needed to get a second opinion, someone who's actually ridden the Tour de France. So this guy of course was a certain Hayden Roulston. (slow rock music) - Jonathan just contacted me one day out of the blue. I didn't know Jonathan. And yeah, he told me his sort of plans. - We had the idea of ridding all 21 stages of the Tour de France one day ahead. - And it just sort of went from there and as time come closer things started to get more and more serious and I was like oh this is really gonna happen. - Bruce Thompson, I'm an aircraft technician. - I'm an accountant. - I work at Victoria University. - I project manage for a building company. - I'm a GP. - I'm a planning consultant. - I'm a charter accountant by profession. - I'm currently unemployed, I left my job to go ride the Tour de France. - I actually like all these little bumps 'cause there's about five little bumps coming up that everyone just rides up them, you know. You enjoy it rather than like keeping on it because it does get harder and there's no room in the car. (hearty laughing) - Really early on in the pace I saw an advertisement Jon had put up to go to ride the 2018 Tour de France. I thought that looks cool but then immediately brush it off as there's no way I can sort of find the time or the money to do something like that. - Got it on at work and had a lot and thought that just looks stupid but it sat on my mind for a very very long time. - And initially I dismissed it and then I mulled over it for about two or three days and then you go, you only live once and really that's not that much in the course of a lifetime. So I rang up Jonathan and see if I could make the grade. - I knew I'd get eight guys, I didn't know if they'd be able to complete it. Knowing that some of the professional cyclists take seven hours to complete it, that tough mountain stage in the Tour de France. But each day will have its own particular challenges and it may not necessarily be on the bike. It may be sickness or it may be transfers or it may be the stage itself. There's so many other variables that can come into play. (muffled conversation) - [Man] The cars, I passed two. - Oh, getting a little bit nervous now, hasn't really kicked in till now it's stage one about two hours away so yeah. I think we're gonna take it pretty easy today. So I'd hope maybe seven hours excluding stops, maybe eight hours including stops, depends on how long we have for lunch. - I mean it's just a matter of clearing in your head as much as anything. Making sure that you haven't forgotten anything, got my GPS on, got the course for today loaded, bottles on the bike, suncream on, shammy cream on, the next days will get easier and easier as we sort of slide into knowing what to do and when and all that stuff. But yeah, I think we're ready. (slow peaceful music) ("Steady" by Kaina) ♪ Steady ♪ ♪ Steady as you go ♪ ♪ Work gets heavy ♪ ♪ When the heart gets heavy drop the load ♪ ♪ By the wayside ♪ ♪ Keep your head up when the day gets fed up ♪ ♪ And the night gets longer ♪ - It's just starting to bite a little bit now after 100K. I used to think 100K was a long way now I think 100K is just that's the first half of the first half of the first stage. - Who would have ever thought I'd be here doing this? Had a dream when I was a young fellow but yeah it was never a reality then. - It's a bit of a pinch yourself to realize it's actually real, I'm doing it. So yeah, very exciting. (excited cheering) - Bit of relief, got the the end of stage one. Which was obviously the first mission. Bloody sensational, starting to get a bit emotional, remembering what it's all for. It's bloody good, bloody sensational. I've known a couple of suicides. My sister being one. Brother of a mate of mine, also. Had other family members that have been touched by mental health as probably most people have. - Mental health has always been a challenge for me and for members of my family. It's a tough one 'cause it's not like you got a broken arm, people can see it or that you can see it. Part of the reason I wanted to ride was for the cause and to bring it to the forefront, get people talking about it. - One thing we all had in common was that we'd all been effected majorly or minorly by mental health issues of some sort. - I was diagnosed with depression about... I think it was seven or eight years ago. The reason I was there was because of the Mental Health Foundation. (ominous music) (dramatic inspirational music) - First period is probably the most vital because everyone feels great there, everyone's a champion in the first half of any stage, the first half of any race, everyone's a winner. But it's not about that, it's actually about getting to the point where people start to tire and still having energy in the muscles. - You know, Hayden had told us just take it easy. You've got to go really easy on those days. And of course we didn't. (dramatic music) (cheerful laughing) (loud applause) - I never thought about this part of it. I knew the Alps are tough and the Pyrenees are up and down but I didn't appreciate what this was like, big open roads, little narrow roads, up and down, flat. - Don't really know quite exactly how hot it was but when we stopped my Garmin said it was 32 degrees. Working on the tan, two days riding. - It was fascinating to see the different walks of life, Jonathan had found these people. - You come up with the idea to ride all 21 stages. You come up with the idea that it's all for charity, so you've got your purpose, you've got your goal, then you've gotta do the hard bit. You gotta find the people. - First thing was that there's a wide varied range of people here. How is this gonna jowl together over 23 days in pretty trying circumstances? - There's eight of us, basically strangers coming together, we're doing long days on the bike, all the recipe is there to get grumpy and snitchy with each other. - I'm introverted and we'd wake up in the morning and the moment you open your eyes a teammate would be there having breakfast together. And after two or three days I was like, man I'm exhausted. I kind of realized it wasn't exhaustion from the riding, it was exhaustion from the constant company. (muffled talking) - We knew it was gonna get harder but I really don't think any of us new exactly how hard it was going to get each day after that. - We've got about a 40 minute transfer so take your water with you. - It's about to 205. - With a bonus. So it'll be another 210 day. - It seems-- - With a lot more climbing. - Just under 216K's, that'll be a record for me today. And 2,799 vertical meters. So I might just do an extra meter just to round it out to 28. - Today is the first, I think, tough stage. Quite cool now, but by mid afternoon it's gonna be up there in the late 20's. - Quite a bit of fear like, holy shit this is a long day. And it's like oh forget it, I'll get through today alright and then how am I gonna feel tomorrow? (slow techno music) ♪ Right here I'm feeling a change ♪ ♪ I'm feeling a change all around me ♪ ♪ No doubt I'm feeling a change ♪ ♪ I'm feeling a change running down me ♪ ♪ Now ♪ ♪ There's change coming ♪ ♪ Now, there's change coming ♪ - Hey, where do you like our DIT gear? - Not big boy country today. Not enough for dinner last night. Possibly not enough sleep either. And just... Felling a bit... - It's like riding in a sauna today. - Is that right? - Well as soon as you start going up the speeds drops, there's no wind. It's like, oh. - But even when there is it's a headwind. - The first few days, the boys were gunning it, it was quick. And I didn't speak up so basically we were doing some pretty good speeds where I was pretty much redlining, the other boys were cruisingish and then we had a wee climb. And I was redlining on the flat so I mean those boys just put a little more power in and I've got no power left. - I'm at the other end of the cycling spectrum in some ways was Aaron who has a really story multi-sport background but in some ways was a sort of novice on the bike. - The first few days we're all having serious concerns whether he'd be able to keep up. - Most of my pure cyclists, most multi-sporters, they're now cyclists and they loved it. They were comfortable on a bike, they looked natural on a bike. Whereas I was floundering. Anything more than a flat and I sort of started dropping back, out the back. Tough day, tough day. A couple of the boys helped me out, got me through. I don't love anything about Surrey, she has a mean tuck up there, I guess the next concern is it's 10 past six, so the rest up period is not gonna be huge. So getting ready for tomorrow is gonna be the next mission really. Just another day. (lively inspirational music) - The biggest thing that the support crew had to face was lack of time. There's always issues with peoples bikes. There's all these things that you're trying to organize on the fly. - This is just a very short... I think the first time we've stopped for coffee break. So, you know... - It's been well earned. - A bit of R and R. - They like soft breads, they don't like the crusty french loaves. But the boys who do the driving do. And Mike likes four crisp sandwiches on soft bread at the end of his ride. ♪ Let's go shopping dear. ♪ ♪ We can buy bread ♪ ♪ We can buy jam ♪ ♪ I push the trolley ♪ ♪ You push the pram ♪ - So we got the Roubaix stage tomorrow, which is 20K of cobbles. We're having to put on wider tires to ride over the cobbles so that we can run at a lower temperature to try and absorb up all the bumps. - So this is a really really important stage. It's the stage from Arras through to Roubaix. Some of the route of the hell of the north. So these cobblestones are pretty deep. So these guys are pretty nervous this morning. There's a danger of pinch flats, there's dangers of crashes. - Don't actually know what they're like. You hear stories about they're huge and they've got gorges between them but I don't know what we'll find until we get there. - Everyday there's been some epic aspect to each stage and today it's cobblestones. And until you've ridden them, you cannot begin to understand how much energy they take. - Oh, there's so much cycling history here. I've never been here before and it's awesome just to be here. Almost brings a tear to your eye. - The last one I think was the worst, rough as guts. We've done a couple of laps at the velodrome and Raja has organized access to have a look at the old showers that the fellas traditionally take a wash in after Perry-Roubaix. - For an All Black fan it would be like going into the changing rooms at Eden Park. It's a very special place and one of the most sacrosanct places in cycling. - So these are all the winners of Perry-Roubaix over all the years. So you're looking at some of the modern and some of the earlier greats. But yeah, a lot of history in here. So as a cycling fan, it's like the holy grail. - It's very exciting, very exciting. - Yeah, yeah. Just wipe away a tear. - I gotta get more water. - Yeah. - Oh, you've got one of my bottles. - Oh you are a legend - [Cameron] We've got lots of bottle bro. - [Cameron] You're only 10 minutes, 12 minutes behind the other guys, actually you can. - It's gotta be way more than that to be honest. - [Cameron] I thought you'd be another five, 10. - Mikey passed me a bit. - [Cameron] Do you want both of those? - I will, thanks. - Yeah, Paul's the one that's suffering today. That curry that we had last night I think has come back. Well, I hope it's just the curry otherwise I think he'll need to isolated because if he's got a virus it'll wipe the rest of us out. - Feeling any better? - It's a bit rough today? Still feeling a bit sick, can't really hold any food. - Get your fluids up, mate. - But three down, one to go. - He's got a bit And he's peddling. He's seems as though he's gonna make it alright but he's struggling a lot today I think. - I couldn't eat, I didn't feel terribly well at all. A bit dizzy, light headed, couldn't pack enough energy down, and it ended up being a real struggle. And it was really hard work, it was hot. I was struggling to get enough fluid in and really didn't want to eat, though I knew I needed to eat to have enough energy to get up the hills. - Just glad to have made that one. I knew it was gonna be a tough stage, I didn't count on having a stomach upset with it. - The real race for them started when the first mountain stage started and from there it was the strongest survive. - I sat down and did a calculation on how many tens of thousands of times I turned the peddle over, that goes through your feet. And that's just something I hadn't credited is that your feet would get sore from all the pressure off the peddles. Just the little things you don't expect, you know. - But I think I probably did more training on hills than anyone else. I think basically there's no secret to it, just training. And I like the mountains because it's more fun than riding on a flat road which can get tedious. - We're down three help and 12 minutes of riding tells me how I am. Used to be I said I was good, then he said it was fear, now expecting tomorrow it's gonna be on Paul. - Benny and Case to the top, it's only a small one. (loud birds chirping) - The day they become a risk. - The body is feeling much better today. So I got a really good light sleep last night. Got lots of food in me. So now all I've got in my stomach are butterflies. It's about 176K today and they say up around 5,000 meters of climbing. So nothing get anything close to this before. (car engine revs) - [Cameron] That it, stage two already out there. - Just finish it up and we're good. - Alright, you okay brother? Yeah. - Breathe a bit. (hard labored breathing) - It's damn hot out there. - It's unbelievable. - Alright, I'll carry on, bet you'll catch me in about three seconds. - Too hot for me though. Way hot, way high. This mountain just keeps going on, keeps on doing. - By the time we got to hairpin nine about d'Huez, he got off, he climbed off his bike, sat on the wall and said guys you go on I want to go down to the carpark, there's always tomorrow. Johnny came out and said Stu's in a real bad way. - Straight away understood, okay, he's not gonna get to the top without help. - We was broken and he was mentally exhausted as well as physically. But we persuaded him to get back on the bike and see how he felt at the next hairpin even if we had to push him up. And so that's what we did. We took it in turns to push him up Alpe d'Huez. - I trained really really hard. I hadn't made all of my targets just 'cause work and fund raising and depression sort of all butt at various times. And I sort of at times felt like I was over preparing but really that was the day it was all for. (peaceful music) Yeah, it was good to have all that strength that day. - I realized we don't choose our emotions, the emotions that I experienced on that stage were nothing that I've ever experienced before on a bike. Yeah, it all came out, yeah. - [Woman] You did awesome. - What an emotional day, eh? (loud weeping) - It's a relief that we got Stuey up there because I know how much of a big thing this is. - A very sobering day. - It's nice to be part of a team, it's good. I'm glad we were there for our mate. I feel like my kneecaps are about to burst. Oh wow, what a day. 5,000 vertical meters is about almost 15 times up Wellington's biggest hill. Shit. - Down a 5,000K? - 5,000 meter day, eh? - Sure was. Never done that before. - Alright guys. - Where's the stop? - [Man] About seven or eight K's. - Alright. - Alright guys, you okay? - We got all these beautiful streams we're crossing which would be really nice to sit in but for the fact that there's no water running down them. Are we in a big town tonight? - I don't actually know. - If there's like a Super-U or something. Might be worth getting some clippers. (car engine droning) - Get us a little bit of water and get back. - So we're just working out we'll give Stu a bit of a break at lunch time. We'll have a break in a couple 100 of meters. We just come over this col and then we've got a lunch stop. Try and cool him down and then make the game plan as to how we're gonna proceed. - Soon as you start to climb in the mid 30's, it just takes your energy. The legs can go but the energy just saps you. If you're not out here cycling in 30 plus degrees you're just not gonna get what it does to your body. It just saps you. - Three of the guys stayed back to help him, push him over the next two hills and fingers crossed we can get him to the finish. But he's still got another 60K to go, another 1,000 meters of climbing, so it's gonna be tough. - Stu would have been in my mind one of the top two strongest guys here. - Stu, ex winner of the Tour of Southland, which is New Zealand's premiere race. He was one of the guys that I looked at and I though well I'm just not in the same league. - Stu went over there with the most amazing cycling CV of all of us. That day and on he folded on hills that he would have had absolutely no problems with. - It was really hard for us because on one hand you're here and going, well we want everyone to ride the whole tour. But you're on that balancing act of going, are we pushing him too hard that he won't be able to ride any of the other stages we'll really break him. So it was a really hard balancing act. - I've never seen mountains like that before or let alone ridden them. I just knew that I wasn't gonna give up, I couldn't give up. There was no turning back on this one. - Moments like that you really have to dig deep and draw something out of you because it's a brutal brutal sport and it's even more brutal sport when you're not a professional athlete trying to do what the professionals do. - When you're down and you've had enough, without somebody to tell you, get off you're bloody ass, get up that hill. I'm not sure that I'd have the will power to do it. - Realistically, the goal was in the end to get everyone around the Tour de France and so you really had to work as a team. - No, there's no way you could do it out of team. And it's just a new respect for the pro riders and the pro teams and how organized they are and what goes on behind the scenes that no one really sees. - That was the good thing about working as a team. Was we could really push each other along. We all had bad days, including myself. But there was always one or two hanging back to help those that were struggling to get through. And the support team as well helping us out. - Thank God it's cooler, that's all I can say. My prayers have been answered. - I'm amazed at how surprising my emotions have been in the last two weeks. You will have captured that and I can't explain it, I don't know why, it's just been epic. ("For Us" by Kaina) ♪ Rise up from the dark I see a light ahead ♪ ♪ A way for us ♪ ♪ Oh ♪ ♪ Rise up from the grave ♪ ♪ Hear a life call ♪ - I guess Stu made a comment at one stage, by that kind of a week or so into it just day after day of biking he said you actually look like you're part of the biking now. Whereas previously, you looked like you were fighting the bike. - It was just so amazing to see this guy who had been, he had never been a cyclist before and had turned into one. - I think I grew with the tour, I got fitter, I got stronger, I lost some weight. At least three or four or five kilos still, that just helps. - I did recover and I got my confidence back a little bit. Started noticing others having bad days as well. And when I needed them they were they for me and when they needed me I had to be there for them and that was how the comradery grew over the time. - Spent energy wise, I was spent mentally, I was spent almost emotionally. I was almost in tears riding out front here with the boys. I didn't know but I'm like I want-- So Bill and Stu there came and rode with me and just set the road just with the company was at. I drunk enough beers yesterday and it's just my failure but I think it might be early to bed tonight. So last night I would have given myself a 50% chance to be starting today, just hot and cold sweats. So yeah, hardest stage of the tour and not feeling hungry so we'll see how we go, slowly but surely hopefully. No one said a dream was easy so we'll see what today's challenges bring me. - 19 days into today and they have some pretty big K's and some pretty big hills. And for a non cycling specialist it's been a journey that's for sure. It's been good. - First couple of hours I could just feel my mood dropping. Like I've really been trying to help, using my strength hopefully to benefit others and I was just, I don't know. Feeling not as free as I kind of hoped I suppose and I really opened the taps at the bottom of the hill, felt really good actually. Just what the doctor ordered and I feel a lot better now. So yeah, glad I did it. - Well, hanging in there. It's a bit of a long way up there. - One more col and it's set. ♪ It's the final col down ♪ Anyway. - [Man] What's Brian lined up? - [Cameron] There's madeleines there if you want sugary. - That's my problem, it's too much sugar. Says the man drinking Coke. - Two people have turned up here. Those two people were... - Guess. - Jason. - And? - Well yeah Mr. Fish, yeah. - It turns out that they've gone the wrong way. - Have they? - They've decided to go back around and they're probably climbing up that pine you've just been over, so they're behind you. - The fatigue got to me, I missed an arrow and carried on for another 40 minutes and got to a feet station and in conversation with Jason who had also done the same. We realized that we'd actually missed out one of the major mountain passes. - And I was saying to him, Roger, you sure we're in the right place, Roger? He takes his map out and goes, we should have come this way. I said well we didn't come that way. - So there was only one thing for it was to retrace our steps, take the right road and finish the stage properly and for me that was a 223 kilometer day with at least 5,250 meters of climbing. - Sometimes where it got to the beyond that. Where it got to the shit, can I actually make it to the top? That's where you started digging into the memories of who you're doing it for, what you're doing it for. My father passed away during the year so it was kind of my first fathers day without him. But my sister took her own life on fathers day, short of three years earlier. - I was diagnosed with depression about seven or eight years ago and so having had this personal experience with depression, I felt like it was gonna give me an opportunity to sort of share that experience with people. - Myself, with an autistic daughter who's quite severely autistic. That's quite hard to get by sometimes. The picture of mental health was high on the agenda and something special for me. - Yeah baby. That has been what this has been about. Getting to this point. Unbelievable, man. - Unbelievable. - Got some pretty big emotions going through today. Yeah, nothing let in the legs and it just throws a nice gentle little 9% grade, somewhere around there just to suck the last little bits out. - It's just ticking off the miles. It's like I've come this far, stoked to be here on the top. 'Cause this is really the last bastion I suppose. Once you close this point, failing something catastrophic, pretty much all the boys will finish the tour. But it was a hard day. - I don't know, what I'm thinking is that he probably needs a little bit of sleep. So that's the next option. That one person, it could even be me, rides with him. Give us five minutes but I'm thinking we need to give him an extra hour and a half. - Yep. - And then he can have a sleep and then we'll wake him in a hour. And then you two ride with him. - I got into bed I think at 11:30PM and then soon I had a light lay down and I started feeling kind of a rumbling in my guts. I think at midnight I was like, oh man and had to run to the toilet and spent I think probably the next hour with this kind of crazy diarrhea. Once that settled down I think it was probably two and a half hours just throwing up every 15 or 20 minutes. Wishing that I chewed my pizza a little bit more carefully. - John had ended up being the default leader of the group. For someone who'd given a lot to the team, it would have been really disappointing to see him not do that stage. - It was fantastic to give back to John. John pushed all of us around before that. He was the one that made sure we all got through. - I was appreciative of how people helped me, comes natural that if I see someone struggling, try to help them too. - Well, John has been the big strong man the whole tour and pretty sad to see him sucked down that way but he got through it, it was awesome. - Had it not been for the team, basically I would have been jumping on the train to Paris without running that stage 20. (lively rock music) - They've done a fantastic job, not only epic for them individually but the level of support that they're giving for what is really an important cause back home in New Zealand is fantastic. For them, to put so much effort into this personally and to really raise money and support for what is a really good cause is something that's-- how can you not get in behind them? They've done well. - Mixed emotions today, it's end of adventure. You're not sure what to take with it. It's yeah, it's all a bit surreal today. (peaceful inspirational music) So the girls were doing the same thing as we were. So they were riding all 21 stages. - The cause that they were riding for was to promote women's cycling. The Tour de France is a men's event. - So we joined them on the last stage which was good because they actually had a motor bike brigade going ahead and closing off roads. - By the time I got to stage 21, I'd already mentally finished the race. For me, there was everything hard was over by then. And it was actually a beautiful moment. - Really it was about going on a mission and completing the mission. And apart of the mission was raising funds and awareness about mental health. - What your body can do, what your body can handle, what your body is actually capable of is quite phenomenal, 21 days, 23 days with two rests, so 21 days cycling. To get up everyday and do 180, 172, 100, 210, and the next day and the next day and the next day was just... You know I thought actually my legs are gonna give at some point, legs never did. - When you see it on TV, you don't get a good sense of how incredible they are. They're just these little skinny guys that are cycling their bikes looking like they're just out for a Sunday ride. - Final stage, looking forward to that Champagne mate. Put it on the ice, I'm on my way. I didn't think all eight of us would make it round. Not many people thought all eight of us would make it round, I don't think. So suppose we all put in the work and it shows what can be done. - We joked about how much of an experiment it was trying to take a bunch of eight amateurs to ride that far and do everything that the pros did and also on the back of that raise awareness and money. - And you get the goosebumps on the back of your neck and you go, we're gonna do this, we're almost home. - Them getting through it and having to go through the challenges they faced along the way is a real testament to them as individuals. They just did the Tour de France, only the pros do that. - Having done it and having devoted seven months training to it, I would say that anyone of my level can do it, but do not underestimate how physically and mentally tough a challenge it is. It is massive, massive. - You know its been three and half weeks and we've packed in memories that it takes you two or three years to accumulate at the normal pace. - Huge achievement for the guys. Huge support from all the people back in New Zealand that were following us, all the messages of support. - It grew from a common beginning to a family situation. - Had you been out there on your own? Struggling, knowing you got another 100K to go and another two mountain climbs and you're struggling now... I think you would've struggled to continue. But having the guys there, just got you through. ("Higher I Will Go" by Jamie) ♪ I'd be lying if I said it was easy ♪ ♪ This path I'm walking on ♪ ♪ I've been crying out ♪ ♪ Does anyone hear me ♪ ♪ 'Cause it sure feels like I'm alone ♪ ♪ Have you ever wondered if it's all worth it ♪ ♪ All those dreams ♪ ♪ You carry in your heart ♪ ♪ All the times that you questioned your purpose ♪ ♪ I know I've been there for awhile ♪ ♪ But there is a soul rising from the ashes ♪ ♪ And there is a hope bigger than my fears ♪ ♪ There is a love ♪ ♪ Stronger than my failure and it's calling me higher ♪ ♪ So higher ♪ ♪ Higher and higher and higher ♪ ♪ Rising from the ashes ♪ ♪ So much bigger than my fears ♪ ♪ 'Cause you're calling me higher ♪

  Top Comments:
  1. @SilverEyeFilmsNZ [49 likes]: Anyone keen to ride all 21 stages of the 2026 Tour De France ? 
(After so many requests we thought it was about time to run another tour !) 
Actual tour starts in Barcelona on 4th July 2026.  (For logistical reasons we will run our tour a few days before the actual tdf.)
10 spaces available.  
Email Jonathan at intrepidauckland@gmail.com with your cycling CV and to find out more.
  2. @varagvarag2007 [3 likes]: The fact you all made it round is so impressive, have to admit at the start I was wondering how many of you would make such an epic. Truly inspirational! the fact your considering it again is crazy. I look forward to following your progress GL and thanks for all your efforts for all our mental health and well being.
  3. @lukaskoppermann [2 likes]: One of the best things the YouTube algorithm has ever blessed me with
  4. @karelbrouwers8463 [2 likes]: What a great Film Matt!!!! Enjoyed it!!!! Charlie
  5. @antoniomedeiros6375 [2 likes]: Que sonho participar com vocês!
  6. @muttpost [2 likes]: This was great to watch 🎉
  7. @michaltakac673 [2 likes]: Phenomenal achievement guys. You made my day. I’m sure it’s indescribable what it gave you.
  8. @andrewcowman8731 [2 likes]: Bloody brilliant doc!
  9. @thadtuiol1717 [1 likes]: "Mike Conza - Unemployed" made me laugh way more than it should have
  10. @whispa_js [1 likes]: Short answer: No
Long answer: Hell, No

But if it's different environment , different rules and away from Pros, Hell yeah
  11. @Nerox-1q [1 likes]: respect
  12. @354685789 [1 likes]: An excellent video of your incredible journey
  13. @johanblaauw-l9q [1 likes]: yes, anyone can do this!! (it only takes about 2 months,hahahah)
  14. @Realist112 [1 likes]: What a fans!
  15. @DS-xd9iu [1 likes]: Sign me up ❤
  16. @Justminiit: Guys......... 😢❤😢
British army veteran.
What you guys did was awesome and yes like many others opening up in the comments, mental health issues have been giving me a damn good kicking over the years but after hitting my rock bottom I know now my limits and the point as to step back and remove myself from everyone and bring myself back to some sort of normality.
Thanks for doing this, I hope everyone is well.
  17. @fookapi: No… because amateurs don’t cheat like the pros 🙄
  18. @doncorleon9: We just finished our longest ride as a group. a 500km ride 2 or sdo weeks ago. 

The emotions, camaraderie, wins, loses and bonding that I see resonated perfectly. Brough a tear to my eye.

To be man is to conquer oneself. 

Kudos gentlemen. You have all my respect and more!
  19. @bwslotboom9615: Exilim. Brintapap- cocacola- Pepsi.eaten enzo aqua.
  20. @bober1019: Wtf is this, any one can finish the tour of France because you never specified a time frame...u prick

- Inside London's Illegal Bikelife Culture: Kind: captions Language: en Everyone says bikes give them freedom. For me, I just love wheelies. If the bike can't wheelie, I don't want it. I've been to jail for [music] doing a wheelie. Makes my heart burn. I could hurt myself any moment. >> Did going to prison make you want to stop [music] doing wheelies? No. For the last few months, multiple times a week, up to 200 riders have been meeting outside the London Eye to race. We are athletes. [music] This is a sport. >> This is not just a noise nuisance. This is about mental health. This is about self-discipline. It takes skill and technique and craft to be able to do [music] what we do. >> You breathe, you eat, you sleep, you ride. Welcome to the Department of Information. Today we're [music] here in Uxbridge, north north London, here to investigate UK bike life. Originating in American cities, [music] bike life, a subculture dedicated to riding dirt bikes in urban areas, has spread across the world. There they are. Oh, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] While some riders say bike life and wheelie-ing is just like any other sport, a lot of the public say it's noisy, antisocial, and dangerous. This is [music] our investigation into bike life in the UK. Information. Outside today for Sunday funday. This is a normal Sunday. Nothing too major. Hopefully no problems from the police or anything like that. >> something that happens often? Yeah, so as you can see, we've come here. We picked a nice smooth road where there's no businesses open right now cuz it's a Sunday. And what will happen is police will come down and then you push us onto the road. We'll see if that happens today. Is it dangerous? We understand this is part of the game. I got look, I got metal wires that have been put into my wrist cuz I snapped it off a bike. And I'm still back out on bikes. You know what I'm saying? It's a passion. Is this legal? Some of us Some of us ain't. I'm legal to be here. My bike tax is MOT'd and insured. But I don't want to speak for everyone, you know what I'm saying? Angry man. He's complaining because there's a canal there and he lives on the boat. Politely, and I don't mean it in no rude way, you could move further down the canal. >> No one told me nice boys. Yeah. I'm not trying to cause you problems, but I appreciate where I'm coming from, man. I just want to relax on the timing. No worries. Now he'll go and call the police and then in 10 minutes police will be here and then they're going to push us out onto the What can we do? Hey! Hey! I think he's got the camera man on the wrist watch. Wrist watches are the easiest things to ride, you know what I mean? I just twist and go. There's no gears. Y'all do music as well. What's your music about? My music's about basically bike life, bro. Look, KX and Hondas, RM's and Yamaha's. Road trip dark, come let's have a laugh. Two stroke and weed, I can smell it in the air. I put it on the back wall like we don't even care. You lot may not know, but in that lyric I'm talking about loads of bikes. Hey Jake! JAKE! JAKE! JAKE! HEY FENCE! DON'T PANIC! HEY DON'T PANIC! HEY! EVERYONE READY, YEAH? Link us at Fountain Street. What does it feel like in the moment when you're wheelie-ing? Crazy. It's unexplainable. Sometimes mad things happen and you think to yourself, "Rah, how did I do that?" >> [music] [music] [screaming] >> A few police chases later, we managed to track the riders back down. How was that? Everyday life. Went to the other strip and we was there for 5 to 10 minutes, police come, police bike. We've moved on again to another spot now. Do you understand what I'm saying? They just keep pushing us from one place to another, but we're going to ride regardless. Is the police chase part of the fun? I love it, but I look towards the future and it's no good for the future. Do you get what I'm saying? Like as much as I love it and as much as you get a thrill from it, it's not good for kids to see. It's not really the best example to put putting out there. If we had a legal spot to play, it'd be amazing. It'd be good. But we have to kind of move around when police come. We don't want to stand around cuz they'll end up trying to take our bikes or arrest us. I just enjoy what I do, so I'm just out here having fun. If I didn't wear a balaclava, I'd look like an idiot cuz there's a big smile on my face under here. So you know what I'm saying? A big smile on my face. So yeah, we're just enjoying life, man. Sometimes when I can argue with my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Oh, sorry, with my bird and that. Sorry, I didn't mean to say that. Or sometimes when I'm feeling a bit down cuz of things what's going on in life cuz you know, we get active, I'd go jump on my bike and I'll be free. I'll come back and I'll feel ever so peaceful. Even though police chases did seem part of bike life, the riders clearly wanted to make it into a proper sport. Section told me about another rider called Wavy who's [music] become a professional wheelie-er. Where are we today? We're north London. All the riders from all over London used to come here. This is like one of the original places for bike life. I have to big up Wavy though. You know why, yeah? THAT'S WHY HE DIDN'T GO. NAH, BUT we've been riding bikes since like we were young. He's really one of the reasons why man wheelies the way I do now. You get it? So man has to pay homage, you get me? Why is it important for you to wheelie? I just have to wheelie. When you're out and you're amongst the greats and you start showing the levels that you're at, people always respect you because they know how hard it is to do certain tricks on a Do you think the public has a valid complaint about the noise? I mean, yes, they do, yeah. But at the same time, I feel like we have a valid complaint that we have nowhere to go. If I was a child and I had the money to, I would have probably been able to go to the tracks and do motocross and I probably would have been a motocross rider. But I'm a product of my environment. My environment is concrete blocks. Yeah? So I ride my bike where I can, which is on the concrete. Got been to jail for doing a wheelie. So I done 6 months for doing a wheelie on an industrial estate on a legal bike. They caught me on a drone and sent me to Belmarsh for 6 months for doing a wheelie. Did going to prison make you want to stop doing wheelies? No. Just made me think that this is something I need to do differently. We've been pushing to make it more of like a recognized legal sport. We just done our first like actual event which was called Bike Life GP. Here we go then. It's finally time to settle this, the first ever bike life Grand Prix. Lights out, we're off the line straight up onto the back wheel. Adel Bax with the style immediately up onto the side of So you have a go-kart track, you have 30 of the best riders from around the world. You can't drop your wheel, you've got to complete three laps of the track without putting your wheel down. I'm a professional at this like. It's not dangerous driving if I'm not out of control and I'm in control of my bike. You can't beat that feeling. It's like sex. It just feels great. Day I got out, first thing I did was went to the garage and rode my bike. Before I went probation, before I went and saw my mom, before I went and done anything, I went to my bike and I done a couple wheelies. Why? One, cuz [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you to the the police officer that sent me to jail for doing a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] wheelie. And two, I needed that release, bro. I'd just been in jail for I needed that release. What do you want people to know about bike life? We're athletes. We are athletes. This is a sport. This just life for me. You breathe, you eat, you sleep, you ride. >> The necessities of life for me. That's what it is. Sorry. She was not happy. Section told me they also have family friendly days out where the police don't turn up. So we met back up with them somewhere in the countryside. There you go. >> [snorts] >> Where are we? We're out at a field basically that we've got permission to ride in. It's safe for the kids to come and ride here instead of them like doing wheelies and stuff. You want to show them a wheelie? Show them a wheelie. Good girl. Found some daisy flowers. Is it daisy flowers? Go check the daisy flowers then. You know how you were saying you wanted a legal place last week. Wouldn't this count as a legal place? This ain't the best for wheelies. For us to do what we want, we need like a smooth strip of tarmac. I can't lie, I'm bored. I'll be totally honest, I'm bored. But I get the enjoyment out of seeing my little one having a fun. Last weekend, that is where we go out. That's what we live for, you know, to go out, ride the road. Over here, it's it's like we come here, you know, we more of a chill out day, bring the family. Last week, it's a bit more serious for us, you know, that's how we really release. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, yeah, sorry. A lot of these boys, if they wasn't here now, what would they be out doing, you know? Because it's like it's crime pays, you know? So, people they come out, they're staying out of trouble. Maybe maybe breaking some laws, but you know, it's not like we're being committing mad crimes, you know? In the UK, it's being knives down, bikes up. Would you ever let her ride on the street? I would rather her ride on the field, but I do understand from her dad's perspective it is a passion and you can't really stop someone from their passion. It's not like they come out and they want to do reckless stuff or they want to come out and they want to do silliness. It's what they're forced to do. Me and Mommy are really proud of you. You're a very good rider. [singing]

  Top Comments:
  1. @mikeyp4690 [1 likes]: Professional wheelier 😂
  2. @davidbodan4781: Dangerous? For who? It's not the same category as when drivers kill pedestrians while drifting, speeding, or racing.
  3. @sultanoftippoo3857: Sad that young folk like this don’t last long but as organ doners they can be some positivity to their families loss.
  4. @onionsyes: Disappointed these boys don't ride the field properly - true riders ride everything
  5. @WNR-x5v: FYI it's called clown show. Basically loser-bears with funny tiny hats riding a tiny tricycle. Funny social misfits... Looks like a weekly meeting after they've been rejected by the food waste collection. Only hilarious social misfits... Thats what happen when pressure isn't applied.
  6. @unklesannjay: I mean that does look really fun
  7. @neillchippett655: Get another hobby, or leave.
  8. @Ares.entertainment: I can believe grown ass men can’t stop doing wheelies wanna be a bike rider go to a track about athletes that’s a disrespect to actual athletes 😊
  9. @AngelLaura-g4o7y: This sport in the sport version oh the highschool immature popular boys
  10. @pressurechangerecord: Uxbridge is West London.
  11. @weeksy79: Silence the bikes, and cut off their NHS access.
  12. @blondbreaze: The world is far more insane than a few whealies and guys smashing mental health
  13. @mantasjaskevicius1385: Nice
  14. @joshbaltazar-r4r: objectively what these kids do is safer than going into the countryside on a legal superbike and riding at triple digits down b roads, which is what most bikers are doing when there are no coppers about to spot us.
  15. @JS_Precision: Pretty silly. Why ride a dirt bike in urban areas? They are made for offroad. You can wheelie on dirt roads as well. It's just show off and disturbing others. There already are sports for this, they are called motorcross and Enduro. If you want to ride, join a real race.
  16. @shakeybeatz: I wonder where they got their bikes from? 🤔
  17. @leewoolley1622: There’s terriosts running around in the uk planning to blow up anyone and cops are chasing these guys In industrial estates sounds like Australia
  18. @poidsleger: Wavey talks like Troopz from AFTV lmaoo
  19. @FullEnglish77: I was disappointed we didn’t see a face plant.
  20. @FunkyChild718: They're just imitating Americans.  So cheesy.

- Courtney Dauwalter | Ultra running documentary film exploring Courtney's source of will | The Source: Kind: captions Language: en a lot of ultrarunners have struggles or addictions and like what allows us to go so deep into a pain cave and I keep thinking what is it that allows Kourtney to Walter to go into her [Music] Portland do Walter was the first woman over the line this weekend at the 2018 western states endurance drivers Courtney do Walter Nadeau Walter has set an American record in 24-hour running she won the Moab okay yeah I heard before D rather heard about it yes she she beat all the men by 22 miles you have had success on the track success from your my own racing you've had success that shorter stuff 50 miles what's the deal when you talk to her she seems so normal there's no team in there like waiting to meet a demon right you know I'm like where's your demon like are you getting through that ha ha her demons a quiet demon right it's it's there it has to be copy six o'clock in the morning three hours to race time it's good right I mean I'd like to see how fast I could do 200 miles now that I have like confidence in my legs that they can cover that distance I'd like to see how much more efficient we can be with it it's not a full cup of you finished this they're just topper uppers the crew is a comparative there yeah their job is way harder this is decimal degrees and this was anything and everything can and will go wrong so you just try to plan as much as you can up front she's doing that on a roll so my crew is my dad did you do it Mike and Stan he's uh like a mullet business in the front party in the back kick it back that's the secret sauce right there creamy mashed potatoes and then Mike has done tons of hundred mile races and he'll push you through some of the darkest times for sure and Kevin's just Kevin I think every one of her Pacers are gonna say the same concern is that she's gonna drop them I'm a mid pack guy you know and I know it's 200 miles or whatever political can run but it's working well socks do we choose to take or do you think lucky thinks perfect hopefully she doesn't run another six thirty or faster mile like she did at the end of Moab because I almost got dropped there and I think getting dropped twice a year would be embarrassing x-factors having dick when I was growing up he didn't miss one of my sports of us so cool than have him here my number one I feel like as a crew we'll be successful if at the end of the race Courtney feels like she did everything she could that she got the most out of the race I think that she can do the race in two days the course record is 58 hours so maybe we're in over our heads but and we're gonna try it and if things go go south and we'll troubleshoot and figure it out I set goals like that just so that I'll like hold myself accountable to keep pushing when it gets hard and not to like I don't know like settle and be like oh that's fine we'll just finish it like I want to keep yeah like pushing through and seeing seeing how fast we can do it and so the goal is you know win this thing because that's gonna make sure that I keep looking for the next person I think I get concerned with any race it's just it's a lot all right guys yeah [Applause] she has such a genuine love for being outside and just running and pushing herself to see what she can possibly do you'll hear a talk about and it's genuine we talk about it when we're running together just on a you know summer run I think it's just curiosity she's always had the desire to do her best we always told her we didn't care what you did as long as you tried your hardest at and it may be stuck wear my lucky shirt oh Emily she had a maliki socks I couldn't ask for better people we're just very grateful that we had people that can put down 40 plus miles yeah we're guessing 1015 warriors you came through 10:30 so Wow like clockwork I'm so good at guessing you know quick I have been running my whole life she had done her first 50-miler when we met and she asked do you want to pace me for a hundred mile errands like you're gonna have to explain like I didn't know that was something people did the 100 mile race didn't go so well I mean I was like laying on the side of the trail just kind of whimpering and then decided to drop out of it trying to sit with the fact that I had just quit got me like really fired up and I was doing a hundred mile race then and it wasn't going to be an option of quitting so I guess people would say that my run rabbit run 100 win kind of like made waves maybe where people were like who's this person in long shorts and what is she doing at the top of the podium her ultra awards they're all kind of tucked away in and storage that was pretty awesome that Courtney got the cotton candy won because she loves can buy so embarrassed she just would never brag about her accomplishments have been really interesting watching her progression I'm retired professionally retired so yeah I would pro teaching jobs will always be there and we've got something that I could go back to it's like living my dream everyday I wake up and get to look at the Front Range of Colorado and choose where I go that day and for how long I feel really lucky to be able to be doing that and we'll see how long it is I have to waffle and Cucina she was definitely ahead of schedule and I think at one point we know she was coming to age stations 2025 minutes ahead of where we were expecting her there's some athletes that come into the sport and like hit hit it being successful right off the bat right well with her she's had failures that she's had to learn from and so her progressions been very natural and just amazing it's like okay I've done that she knows she can do it right so what's the next boundary right what boundary can I break it was just baking hot and I think it was just so hot and so sunny and no wind at all that everybody got overheated and she definitely got she was struggling to eat enough calories and her stomach got upset because of the heat is my guess more anything we can to that you can take and I mean if you want to carry what she's quite nauseous yeah yes like I eat that big Newton in Leadville right honestly my biggest concern was that she was not gonna get enough calories and just have a major bonk you know we were just like Suns going down pretty soon she'll be able to be running when it's a little cooler going back up yeah see you soon great okay see you in a few races when things really start to go south you can kind of see the gears turning like I know I know this feeling I've been here before it used to push her to the point where she would get I mean sometimes really emotional like she'd start crying but now she's like okay and I know this happens and I just need to be strong she just has this ability to be hating life and be able to push through that I think she's an incredible problem solver and she can figure this stuff out and tune into what her body wants and pays attention to herself it as much as we all think that she's a goofball and she doesn't pay attention to anything she's very in tune with what's going on around her how are you thirsty posed to mental oh but then it also became physical when I was like throwing up you know everything I was eating the first day so I was like hit two times by these like weird things that don't normally happen until past the first date usually this was unique I've never been in a low for so long and had no reason for it like great from the get-go my brain was in just a weird state for it was like not processing that I was racing and getting to do this thing and so everything just felt like more of an effort you know Kyle was you know had kind of separated himself when I had picked her up I had checked where he was and we were about eight miles ahead of him maybe nine miles ahead of him right around there and then we got to the next aid station they told us he was at seventy-five miles or something like that but which basically put him five miles behind us or something and all of a sudden Courtney's like he's closed three miles on us she was just like we got to go and she just started to pound it up the hill and right out of that aid station you do this huge climb like four or five miles and it's steep and rocky and she was running turns out we basically maintain the same and a distance she was just not able to run as hard as she normally felt like she should you know I feel like if she had been able to not have the stomach issues from the heat I'm totally confident she could have been running a lot of this stuff quicker than we're going in at a harder paced and we were going but you just got to fight through that good yeah I'm good I got plenty of time to drink dude you just crushed it so bad everything I could do to stay with you dude so what's the next section do the next section is out ten miles and it goes up for a while then goes down normally in these ultros I ride a high and then a low and then high again and this one was just like it started and kind of a low and then just sunk a little bit deeper and then stayed there like I couldn't find the other side of it ever for the first 20 hours I think I was just like fighting for every mile which normally doesn't happen normally there's more highs in that first Park especially but I couldn't find it for some reason I don't know what factors were going into learned a lot of hard lessons in those those first ones but since then I mean every every race she's kind of fine-tuned more and more and I don't know if there any secrets in this sport but she's kind of figured out how to get through just about anything they're just not sitting well cuz their stomach so I'm side down so maybe pancakes and maple syrup God knows I would have eaten it because it's training up and it's a lot love them yeah she came in and we're like do you want to try some pancakes we had two cheese quesadillas and we're like if you want to try some pancakes with some syrup and she's like that sounds good alright she got a little piece down and I was like she's deleting so yeah it's like five o'clock in the afternoon we know it's hot and sunny we'd like a cheese quesadilla and there's some pancakes I think she relies on the fact that no matter what happens we're still on her team we still love her to death this is this is icing I mean this is fun you know and if this all goes the way tomorrow god did we have a freaking ball so much of it comes from her mom and dad her humility her overall approach to life it's too important to enjoy your life to get all worked up about the little things she doesn't run ultras to get interviews and be in magazines she runs sculptures because she loves to run so the time you're going about seven days I have to like pick up so see you tonight seven huh yep have fun second place I think he's only like 12 five miles back now he's been he's been cruising he's coming he's coming in one battle would be real fun whoa see she's gonna probably just want to look at the profile and I have the sheet on my favorite tunes by cooking so nineteen thirteen and a half six nine she got hooked up with a coach in high school for cross-country skiing his name was Randy Gibbs and he was really really good at getting every little drop of talent out of these girls that he coached he kind of taught them the idea that you could go away faster than you think you can and you can go away farther and you think you can and after being with him she figured out how to go really far going and competing in Alaska in the winter and having to deal with the cold where they had duct tape on their face so they wouldn't get frostbite and all that kind of stuff and she went through a lot of this pain and suffering and learned from a very young age that that's not the end of the world she came into Sierra Tahoe her high school cross-country ski coach was out there to see her I mean you could just see her light up this is a man who had a profound impact on her her cape boys as an athlete this is the guy he taught me everything I know about basically going into the pain cave like that place where it really hurts he was the one who taught us how to go in there and be okay with it you got anything I need to know about I've been down this road here with her she's a stud out there they go away and it was really cool then to have it like come back full circle horns for him to be there with his daughter nice to meet you thanks for coming I'm not a crier but that was really emotional and like just really special to see him again sophomore year she went from being like pretty good to all Son winning all the races basically like she just realized this I don't like going second she went from being someone that didn't really ski she was a runner you know and next scene when she's winning the state meet and skiing people have been skiing for ten years longer than her I think that's it it's a burning will to be the best she hates losing more than she likes winning him you know we had six mile lead maybe at that time and we know it had closed down to within two she was in the pain cave for I was with her for 11 and a half hours out there on the trail and you know there wasn't a whole lot of highs for her unfortunate was just a lot of I got to do it you know they're 19 miles in into the segment route spacing urn she was just like well that kind of sucked you know whatever my guy he did great and she said Mike just be mad with me for a minute or whatever so I was like yeah I kind of suck you know and she's like okay no service I don't know it's just so what she might quickly gave us the update that yeah she's fighting to sleep and sleep running this is quite an adventure well that's that tough GPL you know the only tough Chiefs get to do it yes I'm gonna give up let's end this delirious sleepless society really was a little hard on her I think she was kind of anticipating it because people had been feeding her information that he was getting closer and closer and I think when he was about two miles away it was 30 miles from the finish and she is like I can't redline this for 30 miles I'm just gonna do what I can do and if he passes me so be it I'll try to catch him again he was a lot more rugged and I was anticipating I think it was more rugged than the first half of the race just couldn't open or not back she just went open it up a little bit they can see each other's headlamps I'm sure my guess is I'm super competitive I mean if if I could have I would have held on and held them off it had been such a hard day from the very GetGo and there we were like 40 hours in or whatever you know when he finally passed and it was like I don't know if I can fight anymore so this is the last aid station Kyle last check was a little ahead of her she'll just give it or go and see if she can reel him in hurry up and we hope she's not disappointed or upset I think she gave her best right I mean she wasn't out there quitting she was fighting the whole way and that's how you can ask for right it's just put on table and a sudden you know something beating somebody beats you but she's not off to compete the women's team other runners and I think that's pretty special great job Cort and she looks at me and she's like 50 I got to get in before 50 you want any of that and I need to please the 50 our goal is one of those things that did really get her fired up and gather remember that yeah seven miles okay yeah got a new character I think I just had to set something like we had missed the other goals we had you know the other like big aspiration that we had for the race and we were looking at the clock and I was like is 5th a sub 50 our finished possible and he did some math and he was like yeah but you're gonna have to work for it and then I was like okay fine like let's let's do this because I needed a reason at that point to keep pushing really hard because it hurt so bad and that was the perfect like you know carrot today we've gotten run 40 minutes go get it he's the ultimate crew chief and and pacer I joke like you know he's just Kevin but he's like the whole thing was everything she's got no a gift but her full physical abilities have come from so much hard work she's gotten a lot stronger because she worked so hard but that's not I mean that's what I've seen more change but the foundation of all that work is she's so strong oh man sorry this is really telling you Hallett how amazed I am house she's just a really amazing person what I've seen in like the last three years just her physical ability is developed so much from all the hard work that she's done where she would go run a hundred mile race and for like five six days afterwards she would be wrecked ultimately be able to function after a week and now it's like she does a hundred mile race the next day yeah she can't sleep you know she's fatigued her body's killing her but within two or three days we're doing shakeout runs or we're you know running around in her ability to recover has been just amazing compared to what she was several years ago I don't think there's anything in particular that's unique about her per se I think it's something that other people can do I do think she's gifted genetically with she's just wired a little differently maybe something that Courtney has learned and that she's gotten really good at is that when you think your body is telling you to stop like maybe you don't need to stop and it's a challenging thing to do but it's absolutely possible for anyone she's not running away from anything she's just running towards the to see what can be really darkness I was still thinking about her goal of getting to you know under 50 hours she was really hoping to get in by 11 so she has less than 20 minutes to get them those last two miles she's close really close Kevin how we doing right to the last moment when you just push yourself to see what you can achieve I think it went incredibly well Courtney had nothing left when she crossed the line first of all she didn't drop any of us so truth be told we're all fired up about Dec we had so much fun I don't think she's ever satisfied I mean she always knows that it's always possible to go faster I've even seen where she's won a race and been frustrated that she didn't do as well as she could have we talked about how it was all going when I was pacing her she said this isn't going nearly as well as Moab but it's almost refreshing like a reminder that things aren't always gonna go well they can go very very poorly but even so you can still do a great job I need to come back and do it better basically the whole second half I'd like to change if I could I don't know yeah I mean situationally we had like things come up that we had a problem solve which I love doing but we just didn't solve them as fast as I wanted like I didn't solve them as fast as I wanted and so it caused the second half of the race did you just be much slower but that's okay that's part of the fun really I'm even more proud of her then and it wasn't Moab seeing how hard it was on her and not being able to eat for 140 miles that's really hard on your body and for her to keep pushing through that and move at this speed dad was incredible and if there's any lesson that I've learned is you can never be too surprised at what Courtney can do I don't think yet she's found that breaking point there's gonna be some good stuff to come yeah we're gonna see from her Whitman just she's capable you everybody's got a demon yeah I don't I don't know that I have a demon I think I don't like to fail and I want to finish everything that I start is that a demon

  Top Comments:
  1. @Enigma-h8r [1 likes]: The Crew adds sooo much value to her overall effort, power to you guys as well.
  2. @Dr.RundaBomZim [1 likes]: I got into ultra trail running last year at 57 because of Courtney. Met her at the Cocodona 250 this year while I was picking up my race bib for the 125 miler ... Sister race, Sedona Canyons. She's sooooo kind and generous with her time.  She took the time foe photos and fist bumps with everyone waiting in line to say hello.  Just a beautiful human.  Yeah, i got a photo and fist bump while telling her how thankful i am for her introducing me to this sport. See ya again Courtney this year.
  3. @scotthahs7530: Another amazing thing about her is her feet always seem to do pretty good in these races, and this is pre max max stack cushion shoes
  4. @noob-runner-12: 7:37 This is how runners flirt.
  5. @mattcostan1568: Absolutely amazing!!
  6. @ChiefTennesseeSilverback: 2026
  7. @trybebill7865: anyone know if she ran the Barkley?
  8. @valeriagomez1402: Grande 👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼
  9. @franzguerra3006: Es la mejor ultrarunner y Trail Runner de todos los tiempos
  10. @glennb3972: Focus in doing the one thing is important and the reason to watch the process.
  11. @jacobhansenm: 🤘
  12. @elatedapple4215: She ran 200 miles more than I did today lmao
  13. @harikrishnarajagopalan8850: kg66u6iu67ok6hhb.ew[p
  14. @randallromero625: 14:08 1st place by an hour and twenty seven minutes at MILE 65. WHAT THE FUCK
  15. @randallromero625: I used to think my limit was 6 miles until I discovered ultra runners. It made me more aware that actually, if your mind is strong enough and you don’t set limits and boundaries, it’s remarkable how far you can push your human body. Physically you’re running but when you’re doing long distance runs, it’s like 90% mental. It’s having that demon in you that refuses to quit, quitting is not an option. Some people have it so strong that they will run until they die before they quit. That’s what Joe meant when he said he was looking for that demon. She’s got a mind more powerful than I can comprehend.
  16. @rogerhart612: Definitely the G.O.A.T 👏👏👏👏
  17. @matusgergely3051: !!!!!!
  18. @khatsmeow: 27:46 I know she was like I need to get the fuck outta here.
  19. @marasofianos3903: Wow! Such an inspiration.
  20. @TravisLeach-l5y: Literally just ran 205 miles and said she’s not satisfied. The mindset of LDR is phenomenal. Thanks for the moto.

- "Permission" | A Documentary About Skating Pools: Kind: captions Language: en I'm feel like I got my buddies like [Music] [Applause] skating out here in Fresno basically there's pools all over the place you can just you know go in between streets and neighborhoods and Alleyways and just basically find them everywhere all sorts of different kinds of pools you know shapes sizes different coping different textures different surfaces everything good out here I always wanted to come to Fresno I always wanted to skate pools just never had access to him in Santa Cruz like bu a Vista was buried back then and it was still pretty underground you know like fruit of the vine had come out but it wasn't so you wouldn't see pool photos in every skate magazine like you do now I moved out here and first day I moved out here I called one of the skate shops and asked if they knew where there were any empty pools and they told me uh how to get to the vagamon went to the vagamon uh met Lincoln nass and Holly and flee who all of them were also from like Coast towns yeah they all hated me at first um Holly didn't me and Holly were but some of other dudes like ble and scooter they didn't really like me that much cuz I was just like some dumb kid that didn't know anything about pool skating I just kind of moved out here and I was just like so into it I just was searching Non-Stop and started finding pools they already knew about and so they were just like kind of over me at first but then I think I was just finding so much that they finally just accepted me and I kind of figured it out he got we got peacock's number from one of his boys I think it was like Damon I came down with my buddy beef Nick I had the epic session ever I've never skated a pool that was so wide open so good to me it was punk rock skateboarding the epitome you know no Spectators no one to show off tricks to no one to impress and then I just started coming out yeah this always try to come out as much as many as I can and then the flo foreclosure started going on and it was on that when I push down my Hill it shoots like crazy like pressure everywhere I think Fresno was once in meth capital I like it you know like people always trip on me like how the did you move from Santa Cruz to Fresno and it's like I for somehow find like a beauty and the trashiness of all the boarded up houses and just like Urban crustiness it's also just it's fun it's like free entertainment like who needs a TV when you can just drive around search for new spots and I've seen like dudes riding a BMX down the street with a chainsaw over the handlebars like like you can't drive through Fresno and not just see weird that you'd never see anywhere else when I think of friend no I'm the only reason I would be there was to skate pools with peacock that was it the first really skateable pools that I ever got to hit were in Fresno so I went out there I think one weekend with Josh Madson met peacock and a couple of guys I we SK like three four pools or something like that and it was like crazy I didn't even know that that kind of thing existed and then like that many pools all at once like I'd go out every other weekend and we'd skate like five or six new pools every single time and all of them were good those were just like the good ones that he found he had found 10 others that were horrible but like he'd spend all week searching them draining them cleaning them and then we'd come on the weekend wake up at 7:00 in the morning and we'd go hit all the best ones that he found so I don't think I would have really been exposed to that kind of stuff if it wasn't for him if you ask anybody who lives in Fresno I don't know if they're trying to stay there like remember like beer would be cheap and how you could buy a house for like $30,000 peacock would always say it's like a ploy to get people to stay there like 120° summertime yeah freezing the winter crazy ass people walking around got to do a and then turn it around that like one of those he mon moner re that way wo last time we were here peacock fell off the roof while he was filming bones popped out house is pretty dirty man you don't want your bones rubbing on his floor he caught peacock was saying though since your bones never get light a day he saying he caught a bone tan it was super Sunny that day it pretty much started off like that started off like the guy shooting the danger sport at the house in the land of let Su each other brother uh well he broke his and he didn't sue me and he didn't even think about it and it's like stayed that kind of vibe we become friends with all those homeowners through skating their pools and it's kind of cool now we just go over there and skate kick it with them yeah dude we'll do yard work we'll clean it out we'll give bring you beer we'll pay you money we'll pay them 10 bucks a sesh come buy once a week they're stoked extra 40 bucks buy some diapers or beer Fresno ended up being like the permission capital for like really good Backyard Pools for me I film skateboarding for a living so it's awesome when you have a permission pull cuz you got time to set up and shoot things the way you'd like to shoot as opposed to just barging and like trying to get lucky to get a good shot or hoping you even get a good shot before the cops show up and kick you out so like permission pulls you got time to set up dollies or tripods they just shoot things the way you really want to shoot it well I mean as far as I've ever known did every pool that pops up it's you know couple like couple sessions and house gets sold or whatever so then the next time you go you're like dude like this one could be gone you know and there's that spot you want to hit you're like I got to get it right now yeah I guess there's a rush too behind skating pools especially if you're barging actually I think sometimes like for my my for my style of skating I prefer to do things like really quick and without thinking so sometimes when actually if we get permission on a pool that's actually that kind of sucks for me because then they're like oh you can you can kick it here for 6 hours and try to get whatever you want and it's like maybe I won't get as much done then whether it's if like it was a barge and you got 5 10 minutes max to do something you're not even going to be thinking you're just going to get in there and try to get everything at once and then leave before you get caught towns like Fresno or Riverside or you know Palm Springs it's these desert type towns it's so hot that the years when these houses were built you know it was American Dream to have a house with the pool now no one gives a anymore you know I've lived in fro my whole life so I tend to hide in the house in air conditioning for the whole summer this summer slash year this drought was the worst one ever there was over 150 plus days of triple degree Heat this year so over it I've never been more ready to get the hell out of here the one thing about the drought is I haven't had to bucket nearly as many pools you don't want to stay in the same place forever it's cool like yeah you you're down to come back to it but staying there for too long anywhere doing the same thing over and over at least for what we do I think that's like a really common attitude for people who skate I don't know what I don't know what that is about it but everyone wants to get into the car and drive 15 hours to go skate a 4t4 pip just cuz it's by a river or something it's not it's not in their Town finally getting the out of here finally leaving Fresno I've been here for 14 years it's a LoveHate relationship I have with this town more more hate than love well let say it's 50/50 I'm going mooving the ocean side and skating pools out there there pools all over California been clearing out the house and I'm I'm getting ready to get the out I'm just counting down the days some kids told us about this so we thought it'd be just something different than the usual can't here I I know I know I have no idea with you man nothing coming up with you so might have to take you down town think of who you are it's a long carve too like

  Top Comments:
  1. @Gameboy-Unboxings [4 likes]: It's so interesting to me that these pools which obviously were not made with skateboarding in mind just worked so perfectly for it. And that someone had that idea to try it for the first time.
  2. @danielblake1537 [2 likes]: Fresno sounds like my kinda place!! Lol well except the cold ass winters I've ALWAYS wanted to live in Cali I'm from the East coast never really been out west
  3. @BJJNathanSK8 [1 likes]: I watch that documentary once a year. Skate in a real pool is one of my dreams
  4. @bobshackleyltd2302 [1 likes]: This is legit. Thanks fellas.
  5. @paulrevere2928 [1 likes]: I love watching cocky young new school skaters riding pools ripping and slamming without pads and helmet, keeps it all so fresh, raw and real.. plus whoever filmed this in 8mm or 16mm vs digital.... It looks nice and gritty so much better. Thanks for keeping it real & thanks for sharing w the world! Peace
  6. @bluphoric [1 likes]: That head slam though
  7. @williamhanley7031 [1 likes]: I can't wait to drive 15 hours to skate a quarter pipe.hope it has PVC coping too.. too funny .
 Great quote though. Can u imagine that. You can make 5 in your front yard in that time.... Keep it punk and always underground. Love the scummy yards. It's like the pretiest sight for a pool skater.
  8. @beejel9628 [1 likes]: Damn.. dude just straight trashes Fresno for a couple mins😂
  9. @Kimberly1904SD: 🔥🛹🔥🛹💯🌴
  10. @evaldonegreiros5055: dogtownevermind.
  11. @chrisdeering1120: Just turned 60 5 days ago.  I am the king of my driveway on my Z-Flex.  This pool documentary is what my life was about from 13-17. We would find water going down the gutter and follow it and end up stealing the pool pump for when we need one to empty a pool in an abandoned location.  It was such a great adventure.  Today, when i am on a plane coming in for a landing, i am looking for empty pools 😂
  12. @buddyleewoods2327: Fresno Bob was here !!
  13. @pointnozzleaway: I've skated the Muck.....I made it work !! 🤘
  14. @butterbagboy: Excellent
  15. @transformationclass5054: bravo
  16. @mattcaruthers7832: Salba would be proud .
  17. @alohabrother82: 🤘🤘🤘
  18. @davidescugmbh: Great stuff! What’s the song at 1:13 ?
  19. @Snailypitchins: I lived in Fresno!!!!! Lol there’s a cool ass pool to skate in my old neighborhood parkside 😎🤘
  20. @lilfridge5652: Who was the first person to skate a pool bowl?

- HORSE SHOW VLOG: Grooming @ the 1st Show of the Season! • Day in the Life of a Eventing Barn Manager: Kind: captions Language: en hey guys we're having a nice rainy day here um you can probably hear the birds and i have i actually have this morning this weekend we're going to a horse show i'm not competing but we're taking a couple clients so i thought i will kind of roll this into a voiceover vlog as uh i'm just gonna film throughout the chaos today what i can and we'll see how it goes so i'm gonna kind of skip filming chores this morning and film uh cleaning tech packing up the trailer i'm gonna film at the horse show in the morning and i'll kind of voice over what's going on and i think you guys will enjoy that so um i'm gonna get to morning chores and then we'll kind of dive right in i don't know how this voiceover transition will go so i apologize in advance so saturday was a bit chaos i breezed through morning chores though while it was raining before anyone showed up to the barn we didn't have lessons this weekend because of the horse show so it wasn't too crazy in that regard [Music] the afternoon was a bit all over the place and i actually ended up not doing most of the packing i braided a client's horse that i did not film and the kiddos packed up the trailer and really all i had to do was check over their packing job i apologize my brain is a little all over the place trying to do this voiceover so to summarize on saturday i did all the barn chores anna and kate packed the trailer i braided a client's horse and then everything was pretty much ready to go for the horse show because we decided to bathe and breed gypsy in the morning before we left so we all got some good sleep and because none of the upper level riders were going we got to start the barn at 6 a.m which is kind of a late start for us on a horse show morning because typically we're probably starting at 3 or 4 am since my coach is always one of the first people to ride a horse show in the morning the three of us work together to get all of the horses fed and situated for the day stalls mucked etc we don't turn out horses when we're not on the property so we're gonna do turnout in the afternoon when we get back from the horse show gypsy got beamered and we scrubbed her white stockings extra well and then i tied and tucked up her four locks since anna was gonna use a bonnet at the horse show today you'll see that anna gave her the rest of her bath while i braided a client's horse's forelock and then after wrapping gypsy's tail up and finding a scrim for her i will get to braiding her mane once gypsy was braided and ready to go then we loaded the ponies up and headed on our way so i apologize in advance because i forgot my gopro and all of the filming at the horse show is on my iphone so it's probably a little bit shaky because i can't hold my hands very steady which is why i have a gopro anyways i also apologize part two for the fact that the filming is pretty sporadic i thought that it would be easier to film things since i wasn't riding and it was a little bit but it was still a little bit crazy so we start the day with the course walk and the course looks like it's gonna ride really well i think everyone's gonna have a lot of fun and now it's time to tack up for dressage hi debbie's upset there's no cross-country despite the wind and both mirrors feeling a little bit sassy at their first off property show of the year everyone had pretty good dressage tests with improvements from their last ones now it's on to the fun part as you can see gypsy was definitely feeling her little dragon pony self and i could not keep up with walking after her she was ready to jump so well i think it's safe to say that anna finally understands why we call her the dragon pony as she was all sassy and really drug anna around the course it really warms my heart to see this sassy little 24 year old pony out teaching the next generation and being as sassy as ever i think it was a pretty successful outing all around despite the cold and windy weather everyone has a good idea of what they need to work on for the season and hopefully i will get to attend the next one myself i actually took a nap in the truck on the way back to the barn and then we had a ton of barn chores to do so i didn't really do any filming on the way home but i wrapped up the day with some couch hangs and watching some more badminton and i will see you guys soon with a better update this week as we are supposed to have some lovely warm weather thanks for watching you

  Top Comments:
  1. @Bumblekadebee [2 likes]: Omg I can’t believe Gypsy is 24! She looks amazing for her age and doesn’t look a day over 5 years old.
  2. @EviesHangout [1 likes]: This was a fun vlog! Show vlogs are so interesting since I have never had an in person experience of a show. Gypsy in their little blue ear bonnet was very cute… and she’s 24?? Wow, what a little pocket rocket 💜
  3. @kevinseche9022 [1 likes]: Is this coole park ?
  4. @emmasanimalplanet5522 [1 likes]: Love your videos💙

- At Mary & Emily King's Yard - Insights into an Eventing Family | Equestrian World: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] at the end of February equestrian world headed to the west of England to visit the yard of Mary King one of Great Britain's eventing icons whose glittering career has spanned over 30 years Mary shares her working day with daughter Emily who's now a successful international competitor in her own right it's a situation her mum finds most satisfying 30 years I feel very very lucky mummy who really to be able to share my life with my daughter and we get on pretty well the way all right yeah I've tried as Emily's been growing up to not be to horse here mother you know let her find her own way I feel you learn much more by making a mistake and then rectifying the mistake you made and for it to go well rather than me to be nagging Emily all the time and telling her what to do so hopefully you know it's sort of helped her form her own way of doing things although mother and daughter often compete against each other it appears that their relationship hasn't changed and they enjoy a healthy fun rivalry I'm quite a sort of strong independent character and I feel if mum had been you know at old pushy or constantly sort of saying things I think that could have easily put me off and I wouldn't have done it so the fact that she's I think it's been hard for her and sometimes just watching me right around and maybe so obviously making mistakes but knowing if she was to say anything I've done [Laughter] Mary's achievements are well-documented she's enjoyed an illustrious career winning medals at World European and Olympic championships and the chances of her daughter following in her footsteps are certainly on the cards she was always a gutsy little rider is a sort of pony clubber she had no fear she always you know suddenly stood gallop around everywhere and you know it's just really her enthusiasm to want to ride all the time which made me think yep she's got it in her we wondered whether Emily was aware when she was younger what a fantastic rider her mother was and how much he'd achieved and I think not really until I started competing myself and realized that she wasn't through bad but then I started to fully understand so I think it's kind of just all merge didn't I always probably subconsciously knew but never really until I understood more that she wasn't which was pretty good Emily enjoyed a successful junior career and at 15 she had the honour of representing Great Britain at the same time as her mother it was incredible and it was I Howard so I went to Poland for the junior European Championships for then to go back and then go to the Olympics and watch mom it was kind of a roller coaster couple of weeks there no fantastic fun oh yeah I mean very very proud yes Emily had won her silver silver medal and I was quite wanting to win a gold ones I was one better than her but anyway during this winter we joined Emily for a day while she was in Balkan Germany working at the yard off and being coached by the revered showjumping ace Marcus Henning Musa Marcus is a huge Idol of mine I'm like he is the most people and such an incredible a rider and and it ended up getting his number and spoke to him and he was no really lovely and said be more than happy to cut to have me and to bring a horse so it was an incredible experience going up there and had a fantastic time it was really really worthwhile I think I learned so much from Marcus in all different aspects from you know the sort of management of day-to-day training to the training they do leading up to a competition and they're just days day riding alongside him even I'd have several lessons a week which was amazing but you nearly learn so much from just watching riders so be watching him then trying to copy him if not just like but no it was it was fantastic and I think he was Lee's home how I improved and know it was really helpful there was tranquility in the air when we arrived in Devon but that soon changed a group hooda tended to dinner the previous night visited Mary's yard they asked if I would host a dinner and be the after-dinner speaker and which was last night which was lovely her most delicious meal and then we linked the yard visit after that to today for people to come to the yard and have a look around and see Emily and I work some horses and meet to meet the horses on the yard and have great flapjacks yes as some of my mum's without accent now I think the people really enjoyed seeing you know what we do where we do it really I think they can't quite a surprise when they come here and see eight stables and then tiny little sacrum and and no cross country fences and what it works you know it's work for me

  Top Comments:
  1. @showjumper14x61 [29 likes]: imagine your parents supporting you with your eventing dreams lol i could never xx
  2. @nimrodel2176 [25 likes]: this is like the dream mother and daughter duo omg
  3. @nevieg [17 likes]: Always loved Mary. So humble and such a hard worker x
  4. @alexbaird2670 [7 likes]: Mary was my hero growing up, when I had a pony.  Wonderful to see her daughter following in her footsteps. Lovely mother/daughter relationship.
  5. @hollie_sj8692 [7 likes]: This is so amazing I’d love to compete international when I’m older 😱
  6. @sera_loves_horses2770 [4 likes]: Emily King is my hero
  7. @marcslattery8977 [3 likes]: Marcus
  8. @reidchambers2521 [1 likes]: How many horses have they killed so far?
  9. @justcanteronam4108 [1 likes]: I love you guy's and the horses!! Well done Mary King! and her daughter
  10. @jaynegollings8093: I think Emily could be a little more appreciative of her mother, just saying.
  11. @elkefaber3103: I prefer the more athletic and save cross country riding style like Jung, Auffahrt and Krajewski do it.
  12. @beckyjones5722: Mother & Daughter sharing the same passion is a blessing!

- Horse Show Edition - Day in the Life [including feed/turnout for 16 horses]: Kind: captions Language: en good morning to the channel um it's been a while since i like attempted a vlog like multiple years so we're just going to consider this like the first vlog like we're starting over here oh the sunlight um anyway don't film and drive but i am currently driving to the barn it's like 7 15 it's not that early um i got dunkin donuts we have to feed the horses this morning put them outside and then mine is gonna go to a combined test a little like unrecognized show um today later today so i have some time and i just thought i'd bring you guys along uh introduce you to the horse and sort of show a little day in the life horse show edition [Music] hello good morning hi good morning okay rude oh that's for less hi baby okay so it's time to make grain i'm gonna do that real quick show you guys and then feed everybody before they start getting really upset with me uh so i make these three first just because they have to soak and now we'll go do the other so those are soaking you roly-poly pony come on it's breakfast time oh so angry you've got a star everybody is fed they're eating i'm gonna start to turn out there are 16 horses here and actually 15 stalls so what extra right now so it's on a bit of a shuffle with the turnout schedule but yeah 16 horses is a lot i started some laundry when i got here it's almost done it's the white saddle pads i am gonna have to clean lots of tack before i leave i also have to clean my horse and yeah there's a lot of stuff to do today okay so she's hungry but this is addy with a d not a b people call abby and it drives me crazy but uh yeah she's a 10 year old off track thoroughbred mare that i've had for about six weeks she um raised like 23 times the first 20 were like flat racing and then actually the last three she steeple chased which was over fences and then she retired and she went back and became a broodmare at the same guy who brought her and trained her to race so the lady that owns her now got her from that breeding program like two years ago three years ago maybe and uh has been using her in her like sport horse reading program and that's about like 30 minutes from here is that farm so she came to me as a resale um and it was sort of like a fun project for me because i was coming off a not so great horse and my confidence was pretty low so she's supposed to be like a a fun green horse to start like restart because she really hadn't had a proper restart since since the track because she'd been having babies and then my job was to get her sold and so about four weeks in we started marketing her she's been absolutely fabulous like has not put a foot wrong and she's just i mean she just had babies and she's like coming back so well and um we've had about four people come out to look at her the second people almost took her home but they wanted like an upper level event prospect and she's already ten confirmationally she's not quite gonna be your next upper level horse but she's a sweetheart so they ended up passing but they were pretty close to taking her home um and then yeah no one else that's come out has been like the right match so lucky for me i've just been having fun with her she's an absolute angel like i said i was coming off a horse he was a rearer he would run like shoot backwards and you got on by the end of my time with him like i we had to just end up giving him back to the lady we bought him from us like a pastor pet because he had a really bad back whatever there's a lot wrong with him and just my confidence is really low like i would get on a horse and just be absolutely terrified and like i was scared to go out hacking because my old horse would never and she is just an angel like absolute angel she like she treats you like she's a mom because like she is but it's funny because she's you know she's 10 she's got that mature mom brain but like she also doesn't know anything so she like she tries to take care of you um and no she's she's an angel so actually today i've sort of just been having fun with her i'm like you know what maybe it's fate if she really doesn't sell i mean i'm going to college in less than a year so it's like i have to think about that but if she really it doesn't sell and we're going into winner or whatever you know maybe it's fate maybe i just maybe she's meant to be mine which it's kind of getting to that point but i don't know why she hasn't sold she's absolutely fantastic and i not to toot my own horn but i've been doing a very good job marketing her um but you know it's fun so we're going to go out to a combined test later today uh we do our dressage test and we do our show jumping around um i don't know if it's going to go like amazing i think it's more just to give her the experience i think it's going to be hard for her to do dressage in such a tight space because she's i mean she's like 16 30. she's a big girl and she also when she relaxes and moves she has big movement when she's stressed out it's small movement but when she actually goes the way you want her to go for dressage it's like faker so we'll see how we can fit all our parts into that small arena and then jumping i'm not really worried about she's like i never actually really had to teach her to jump by to teach her how to like canner in the correct balance and jumping is amazing so anyway um i'm gonna keep going but i just thought i would introduce her while i have some time her jockey club name is admiring glance so we just call her addie uh yeah it's really bright my arm hurts wow so i kind of forgot to keep vlogging you didn't miss that much though i just like changed a few blankets put a few horses out i have like one more field to put out um i gave addy some like omega alpha like all-natural chill stuff just in case she needs it for this little show so and then my boyfriend called so sorry so i've been busy but yeah i'm going to put one last field out and then just start on cleaning her and getting some stuff together pushing the hay there's hay in that like little thing um and we ran out of hay in the barn so now i have to just be like a cart meal and get some more but i did finish putting the horses out it wasn't that exciting um they're outside being happy blanket changes are brutal so i hate the winner but it's all right we're gonna start getting all of our tack and stuff and my horse cleaned up pretty soon [Applause] now simba has a hay he says i can't eat it though now addy's got more hay there's 26 minutes left um for my laundry um and i have to leave like soon so hopefully that actually is accurate okay i put all my stuff out to clean minus my boots that are still in the car um we've got dressage i'm borrowing from a very nice friend jump saddle um that's mine but i want to sell it soon i don't actually like very much it was just really cheap i need a saddle so that's my saddle and then jump bridle dressage bridle and wait and um breastplate that i got for 20 off facebook marketplace that is now broken and held together by a piece of electrical tape so actually that's not good hmm yeah it looks like we won't be using this today i'm driving down to the trailers now because i'm going to borrow a friend's water jugs because i don't know me because i don't actually have a trailer just like i don't have a dressage saddle or a working breastplate or a horse that's actually mine but you know what sometimes that's the way to do it that's a ring by the way i'm just driving behind oh i just hit a tree driving behind here there are the trailers shout out to camille for letting me borrow because it makes my life a lot easier oh and they're full this is me being a lazy wimp um they don't really i don't really carry it to my car so i'm going to place it in the my grass to get it and then we're gonna go back because i'm horseback riding fit but i'm not water jug lifting fit we're going back with hi thank you 10 46 audrey's owners text me saying she's going to be here at 11. uh i still need to like clean my horse and my attack you stop dancing please but anyway yeah so we'll not be vlogging uh not enough time so i figured i'd come on and do a voiceover of this um unfortunately the filming for the dressage test like my phone kept stopping starting so i only have bits and pieces but anyway it's beginner novice test a um so we come in do our center line she's fine she would she didn't feel that tense like in her brain but like in her body she was so she wasn't she goes a lot better at home obviously she actually warmed up pretty nice but it's hard for her in such a small space this wall this was after like two minutes the test had gone by but this walk was really nice we missed everything up until then but you know she doesn't fully really stretch down and out into the bridle but she doesn't jig which i really appreciate she just kind of gets on with the job and lets herself relax she needs to be swinging in the hind end a lot more that's that's probably her big issue is just that not big issue it means it's workable it's just she needs to um realize that she has all of the capability to actually move her pelvis and rotate her pelvis the transition was fine it actually wasn't about the left one was awful we didn't get it on video but she has nice gates when she relaxes and everything and i mean you see here she's got a nice scanner it's just i've got to go home and do a lot of work on the transitions and whatnot and you know like she's a good girl she wants to please um she's just green but you know it's workable and i love her work ethic and here's a really pretty hall it's not but we ended up getting like a 38 point something which honestly was it was whatever um and then we moved on to show jumping okay on to show jimmy um i love the people who come to support me but i need to find somebody else to record usually my dad comes he does a great job because nobody zoomed the entire day and it actually drives me crazy but anyway i'll try and edit it to zoom in on some of the clips so you can see how it goes all right so coming up to the first here it was actually it's kind of unfortunate for a green horse because it started out with a related distance and not like a seven stride like this was like what one two three you see through three or four so you see there she's like whoa like she's she's brave and she's honest but like her steering from the legs needs to get better so anyway she dumped it and it was fine and then i was like all right you know come back to me like do this at whatever pace you i know she'll jump anything i point her at from from whatever pace so that was kind of us regrouping i was like okay go ahead and try like collect yourself and then she just didn't find that distance well but that's that's on her she's learning and then this one was nice and out of stride and you know she's figuring it out it's just kind of that related distance at the start kind of just threw her off and then i was like all right trot she's like and coming over here you know she's a good girl she's ridable she just you know it's just more training left to do at home so when she like totally twists to one side it looks like thanks and you know she's a good girl just cantering around and then coming up to this like last line i was like you know again same thing like if you would like to trot you're more than welcome to try because i trust you to jump from any distance in any pace there she goes with the cute little jump and i probably could have just let her take the three but that was it she jumped clear she was a good girl and there's obviously lots of homework but i was very happy here's another angle of that last line she just goes wee um but yeah i was super proud of her it was a great day and i ended up just forgetting to vlog and went home

- My First Horse Show and how they are like dog shows: Kind: captions Language: en it's just like a dog show we sit around and do nothing for hours hurry up and wait oftentimes I hear that many people in the dog show world actually started in the horse world it's honestly an entire foreign concept to me but I was so intrigued that I spent four days learning what all of the excitement is about and I got a chance to compare the two worlds yep there are some similarities for sure so hop along and enjoy my adventure with the Parisek family adventures alright am I standing in poo poo water yep ok oh 100% that's wonderful welcome to the barn wow thats awesome ok adventures yep totally my thing so you really don't want to miss a single episode here's your reminder go ahead and subscribe and ring that little bell and while you're at it leave a comment below tell me what other animal adventures you'd like me to go on I am so lucky to have some of the coolest friends on the planet two of which are Jackie and Lexy Parisek I know them from the dog world but they're also in the horse world they're in my state of Florida I'm gonna go watch my horse show he was an orphan foul so he knows no personal space and he thinks that we are his parents right Lexy and her fiance Jack who just so happened to be one of the most adorable couples ever along with her parents Jackie and Jerry Parisek that gave me an amazing chance to compare a horse show to a dog show it just so happens to be something I always wish to be able to share with everyone and leave it to this amazing family to give me the opportunity because honestly they are an absolute blast I cannot tell you how many times we sat there laughing during the four days I spent getting this amazing peek into this awesome world of horses horse show parents right a horse show parent well I understand that you two actually met yes at a horse show yes we got doing horses she did the Western ah she liked the glitz and the glam right I liked the plain and simple I can see that and then I know now look at ya yeah very cool done it all oh no no exactly and now dogs yes dogs actually did dogs for 35 years horses and dogs I am so accustomed to how a dog show works I was honestly surprised at how oddly familiar so much of this felt if you have seen my episodes for packing up for a dog show you will know that there's quite a bit of gear required for my three little chihuahuas my first aha comparison moment was when I got to see the amount of square footage required to tend to ten horses and then look at all of this gear holy crap okay these are girths these are what holds the saddles on okay we have all of the different bridles Ryan does english and western so you see we have an english bridle that has a nose band ok and then these are all western bridles they don't have a nose band and they have split reins and he has all of his works out these are work saddles right here we know they don't have any silver on them and then he has saddles like this these are show saddles okay okay and then he is all of this English saddles English when I think about my little grooming space at a dog show even if you had ten dogs this is like 100 times the amount of space and must-have item the next interesting observation the sheer number of dogs at a horse show like dogs just walking around having a grandioso time visiting strangers and friends alike it's like they're a part of the circuit and everybody knows everybody's name canine and humans alike some dogs show venues allow you to keep your dogs at the show grounds while you spend a night at your hotel in the horse world you obviously cannot bring your horse back to your hotel so they provide a service called Night Watch where someone comes by every hour and checks on your horses they make sure they have water and of course that they are okay that is quite the deal at four dollars and fifty cents a night yeah we dog peeps we don't get that kind of service well we usually get around the dog show grounds on foot or in a golf cart apparently they use mopeds here now I'm sure it's a way to keep more room available for the horses on walkways and paths but it also makes for a very thrilling and exciting ride to get you where you want to go and yeah sometimes a little scary our little doggy bath tubs in the grooming area at the show grounds are absolutely nothing compared to the stalls provided for horses we all still have the same lovely hose spouting cold water all over our animals but hey it was still interesting enough to note getting your win picture takes a little bit more work but the process is pretty much the same awesome backdrop holding a pretty ribbon but of course way more people required to help set up that horse for the perfect photo then of course there's my biggest nightmare horse poop see I have this rule where I can't own a dog whose poop is the size of human poop I just can't get my head around it like that yeah it's a nice turd yeah well formed well formed poop can I continue scooping yeah just scoop and sift ohhh woah I lost my poop so here I am scooping horse poop with a glorified rake like you would do with Peyton's kitty litter box or my puppy litter box just on a truly ginormous scale oh my so what did I learn about the actual competition itself well in canine sports we have multiple activities you can do with your dog you know like conformation agility obedience dock diving horse shows are kind of the same thing they have Western riding and English pleasure now Western riding is kind of like agility but you are rocking some very blingy outfits and spending way more on that attire than we spend on our st. John suits oh my god we have the canine Chronicle Magazine in the dog show world but they have the equine Chronicle it was like a total deja vu for me because at quick glance I was like what the whoa but it was by the same publisher so that's why it looks so familiar and they happen to be local to Florida which is pretty darn cool we do the equine canine Chronicle 20 years for the equine chronicle 28 equine canine chronicle go Florida come to Ocala Florida and we will come to you take one of these home with you Lexy competes in hunters where they have two different classes one is where they are judged on the horse and then equitation where the rider is judged okay so that she's the ring steward I'm the ring steward very cool and then over there are the judges in hunter the horse is judged on its jumping as well as its movements so basically it's being judged on his performance and soundness you know like does it move correctly it's not as specific as our breed standards but more general conformationally if that's a word is it put together right is it a suitable hunter is it able to do the task that's being asked to perform and of course the horse's temperament and how it responds to the rider's instructions that's all part of how they're judged from there there are a bunch of different divisions and categories that make our 15 class breed ring we'll look like a walk in the park jumpers they compete in classes where basically it's not about how they do it it's just that they do it they have to jump over the fence without knocking any of the rails over they need a clean round around okay so the rail is the fencing around the outside of the ring okay the ring is considered where the jumps are and ok so inside the ring ok and then the jumps ok then there's equitation which is basically kind of a mix between hunters and jumpers so they compete with the jumper type course but it's more like hunters because they're being judged on the riders style so the horse itself is not being judged but it can definitely help how the rider looks so it's kind of like one big package you sweet boy aren't ya yes you are you're such a good boy are you ready to go show behave yourself yeah that's what I thought while we have junior showmanship owner handlers and professional handlers they do things a little bit different now they do have youth classes which are for anyone under 18 but they classify the riders and the horses age differently also amateurs are 18 and over that are non-professional and then you have professional which is anyone over 18 who rides trains or in some way anyway makes money working with horses and what are you I'm an amateur you don't look like an amateur that's what if you don't get paid to do it oh your'e an amateur yep in addition to all those classes you need to prepare for you also need to have a trainer for your horse why do we have a trainer for horses a trainer gets the horse more polished and does more in-depth training on them okay and gets them ready for the amateurs who are not professionals to be able to take the horses in the ring ok ok all you dog people you know we're not supposed to alter our dogs crazy since the outer walls of dog shows are usually lined with vendors that are selling products to color and alter and virtually hide the faults of our dogs but we're supposed to act like we don't do it I really love how the horse world embraces beauty modifications on their animals like kind of those toddler and tiara girls wearing those fake teeth sorry I don't know the name of the contraption but anyway since the hunter horse is supposed to actually be all fancy and stuff they actually accentuate the tail with falsies own it peeps I mean seriously own it I want one of those for me I know feel it it's heavy you oh my god that is really heavy that's a lot of hair wow so would that weigh it down uh huh so they can't swish it around and I thought this was pretty cool just like when you get your dog ready for the show ring you shave off all those whiskers accentuate those sexy legs and get them all purty and such (laughing) he's like a big dog but yeah there's quite a bit more that needs to actually be done to put on a saddle not like slipping a lead around the neck of a dog and then of course comes the clothes when it comes to dressing for English pleasure competition I like the stylish pants and jacket and even the snappy little shirt I just don't know of my big fat bed which just so happens to be covered with an excessively large amount of thick hair could possibly endure that helmet or what it requires to put it on okay so hunter hair has to go over the ears yep now I only got to partake in four days of this circuit this was like a two and a half week long event and they traveled down here to Tampa from Nashville and they brought the whole crew and when they travel with their horses they definitely travel in style this unit is designed to carry four horses but it also provides them living quarters while they're out these kinds of circuits it becomes home for the humans and canines alike including their chihuahuas I know everyone out there is totally jelly but I got to play with buzz babies look at them they are so stinking cute get this on this trip they had a new travel companion Jackie got a new show cat yep you heard me right show cat and clearly she too has made herself quite at home in their traveling horse RV trailer and this my friends is that perfect example of how these worlds collide in such an amazing way from those dogs that walk the show grounds and greet strangers with a random stick or a tail wag for the traveling companions they bring with them on the road to the amazing friendships formed in all of the sports bringing everyone together for the love of the animals and what does an awesome traveling horse RV trailer thingy need all of the prizes and ribbons and loot you can win at a horse show kind of like going to a specialty for your dog once you've tallied up all your points you get to get your stuff personalized mugs and bags and hats and blankets and that's just for 1st through 4th it's at the end of the circuit that you get to receive yours super-duper-duper prizes they had Arctic coolers and even electric scooters crazy cool so while Jackie and Jerry got their matching mugs to sip coffee from in the morning Lexy proudly grabbed her much-desired Arctic cooler as a perfect way to end her amazing circuit how did I end my visit hmm I got to ride a horse get up on the stool and you'll take the right leg this one your right one okay yep and go up and over seriously like if you have to throw your body okay oh come on you're strong girl okay okay okay okay alright got it put your feet down put them down yeah down put your put your toes up but against the horse but the total coolness did not end there you see I had a very special delivery for them to take back to Nashville with them not only am i super duper uber excited to share not only that I got to hang with some of my favorite peeps on the planet while learning about it awesome sport I'm also breeding Stella to the buzz man babies in the spring everybody keep fingers and toes crossed please so until next time smells like shit yeah it's a shitty job you could say yeah it is a shitty job don't forget to visit the website bestinshowbitch.com where you can check out tons of merch we got shirts and aprons and tumblers so get your best in show bitch gear so we can start traveling to visit you all and create more bitch tastic fun

  Top Comments:
  1. @miradonfbd [2 likes]: Now you need to go to an Arabian show. Totally different!
  2. @everythingdogs6260 [2 likes]: So fun!!! SO COOL!!! I went to my first horse show in Feb, my girlfriend's daughter rides in college....Western Pleasure? (How I missed this world is beyond me! I am the Swarovski queen and the outfits are to die for!) Like a good spectator I went to the National website read the rules, looked at past results and upcoming shows....then I see Lorri Gordon's name as a judge in an upcoming show!!  Randomly sat next to her in St. Louis!! Talk about worlds colliding!!!
  3. @Disneydreamgirl33 [2 likes]: I wanna know what all these people do for a living
  4. @Sandy33569 [1 likes]: You’re right! I primarily compete in dog agility and there are a lot of people who began in horses and especially show jumping or hunter jumping  (iirc for the second one’s name?). No surprise that they got into dog agility!
  5. @PUGSLIFE [1 likes]: You look so cute on a horse haha. 💖 I have worked with horses for a long time. 😉 Indeed the shows are quite similar to the dogworld.
  6. @maryredenbach970: Need to see a cat show!!!!
  7. @HeavenDancer: Need to see an American Saddlebred show. It’s all about movement and conformation; just like a dog show! They are the poodles of the horse show world!

- JULIA DID IT! | SCHOOLING FOR OUR FIRST DRESSAGE & JUMPER HORSE SHOW | VLOG: Kind: captions Language: en that was amazing you should be so proud babe he had a foot injury yesterday we were at the hospital to get x-rays to see if it was broken [Music] all right hi guys and welcome to today's video so we are going to be doing some writing today Kate is gonna teach me how to ride Flora we're gonna show you this in another video but right now we are going to send you over to some footage of our ride to get ready for our very first dressage show before we get in the video go ahead and click the Subscribe button and hit the Bell to select all so you don't miss any of our videos don't forget to give this video a thumbs up and tell your friends and family about us too it's the only way we can grow and that YouTube knows you're enjoying our videos be sure to follow us on Instagram and Tick Tock as well for extra content and behind the scenes footage let's get into the video oh my goodness are the vents open yep you're not shedding with this probably better than anything else so they're just gonna practice their dressage test for the show next weekend Julie's not actually done it yet thank you Kate's just seeing if she remembers it correctly and then laughs that's all I remember she just did a little cow hop it's gonna walk her through so but can remember the course it's easier if she does it can remember it a little easier so they're just gonna walk it right now wow and when you hit the wall and have the next thing and you want to have your horse find your position in the middle can you remember this stuff so far but that's not a 20 min def what is that what okay so just to explain to her that that's not what you do you're way over Julia's on though lower down Julia you could even start turning before Julia you're way over now in Kate you're a little over all right are you doing it on your own this time Julie's going first yeah let her do it on her own and and well why don't you just falling behind all right all right so we've been running it through with Kate going first and now Julia's gonna go first and see if you remember it perfect Julia foreign and now I think you go up the diagonal don't you oh right to the top corner and then walk and then turn down Center Line good job babe you remembered it that's all you got to do for the show it's just this is just gonna be practice for remembering a whole course and then as you do lessons you'll learn all the other stuff about where to turn and how to do everything proper and position but your legs hurt well I just is your foot okay though babe all right so we're just practicing cross rails the girls are just gonna do well Julie's gonna do cross rails we're just doing cross rails with deep right now he did the scary ducks all right Julia's turn Julia's gonna show cross rails with Stevie this show what was that hahaha hey you're good at making me lose my mind that's why I asked if you wanted to do cross rails what is happening right now okay there you go okay do it again [Applause] you're coming in at an angle no I know she doesn't hit this one on that side and then this the second one on that side she doesn't like the it's about the devil kind of okay Julia how is your foot he had a foot injury yesterday we were at the hospital to get x-rays to see if it was broken but she is good it's just very sore I'm such a good girl Julia is doing the show on Duke [Laughter] all right so we are done that was just let's see wrong way quick afternoon of letting the horses check everything out quick afternoon well not a quick one but quick for first riding a couple of hours so next weekend is the show we are literally just looking at this as a great practice Run for the kids and the horses you did amazing you remembered more than I could remember of it yeah the goal for the show is just gonna be that you're remembering a whole course you've only had one lesson with dressage so just for experience and then you're gonna learn all the other stuff that comes with it you can get through the course that's gonna be a big win Julia wanted to sign up for the cross rails and I asked her if she was sure but it's Stadium which means it's time that we ride at they are like this they are like this those ones are like this it doesn't matter if you're in last place yeah but that doesn't matter you just try it doesn't matter if you're in last place for any of it babe it's just that you're trying and it's all practice he was also very tired no one won first who hasn't practiced and had to practice and do bad if you do bad you learn that first then it's next time he's just chilling out while I'm editing videos here I got Milo over here Charlie and his half a haircut hey are you looking a little crazy right this is where they sit they sit here on the chair bunnies are eating and sleeping they usually sleep here at my feet while I'm editing videos

  Top Comments:
  1. @suzetteosgood1385 [5 likes]: Awesome job girls can't wait to see you three beautiful ladies riding together and of course Scott as well lol, big hugs and much love from Lecanto Florida ❤🐴🐎❤
  2. @lesleywilbourne7823 [4 likes]: The girls are doing really well, but maybe doing a dressage competition so soon, especially for Julia, might put too much pressure on her. Dressage riders spend hours practising their tests before competition. You obviously know your girls best but I am a little concerned that should Julia forget the test part way through, she might be a bit despondent. And she’s too nice a kid to have a confidence knock. I love how Kate helps her younger sister and I like how she was able to adapt her position so that Julia could be in the right place. She had a lovely way of explaining things and I can see her maybe going into teaching as she reaches adulthood. These are two beautiful girls and I absolutely love your attitude with them and your videos too.
Can’t wait to see you riding xxx
  3. @sunset934 [3 likes]: 10:16  Stevie so good , she  sense Julia is nervous  on the jump . She went on the jumps gently.
  4. @marciathom6708 [2 likes]: I don’t understand why you’re going to a dressage competition so soon.  And it appears horse and riders not ready for jumping.  It’s too late, but remind Julia not to look at the fence/jump.  Experience shows/competitions are fine, but may put too much pressure on them this early in this new discipline.  Have fun, keep learning, be safe, and relax.  Yeah, right.  LOL  Hope everything goes well.
  5. @tintinarraarabians8050 [1 likes]: Nice job guys!  Just make sure that when you halt at x to salute to the Judge that your horse has actually halted and standing square before you salute. Don't let them walk off halfway through your salute.
  6. @fairyqueenie7 [1 likes]: I love watching your girls ride, they did a great job practicing. Fantastic remembering Julia and even if you get last place, well, it's all learning and good experience. Could someone call the test for Julia? We always did that for ones starting out in dressage. If you go wrong or forget the course, don't worry about it,  (I've done it many times) The more you do them the easier it gets (usually but I still managed to randomly forget after 15yrs of doing them) Quick story time. When I was training to be a riding instructor I had a loan pony who was my jumping pony, every season we competed dressage as well just for the experience, dressage was not his thing. For 2 years we competed once a fortnight through show season and never placed in dressage then 1 day we actually did and came 3rd, I honestly cried as we only ever did it for experience and I never thought we'd place anywhere. I hope they both do well at the show and I hope Kate's foot is ok. Julia looked really good sitting on Duke too. I hope Julia doesn't get down on herself if it goes a bit wonky, it's maybe a bit soon but if she goes out there knowing it's for practice and mistakes happen I'm sure she'll be fine and I know you'll all cheer her
  7. @TiffanyyManross [1 likes]: Can Julia have someone call out her test for her?
  8. @Horselover123-xu1ds: They are both pretty good riders! I do think they need to have their stirrups shorter❤
  9. @songbirds3712: Both Kate and Julia did some shows last summer, so the show atmosphere is not new for them. In dressage, they are both doing beginner level, and I think it will be a good experience for them. Kate has shown that she can handle pretty much whatever comes her way. At the end of the video Jenn assured Julia several times that she needed only to do her best at the show. Julia will have tons of support from Scott, Jenn, and Kate in her dressage test and her over fences classes.
  10. @fluffybunny8157: Good job girls! have with the dressage!
  11. @kaitlynstewart5395: Really surprised you didn’t just call the test for Julia! It’s really helpful !
  12. @cdmc965: Girls ,Great job.
  13. @martylesnick2032: MAYBE SCOTT COULD BE THEIR CALLER WHEN THEY RIDE THEIR TEST. THE CALLER  HELPS BY TELLING THE RIDER WHAT THEY SHOULD GET READY TO DO AT THE LETTERS.  JUST WATCHED HARLOW AND POPCORN AT THEIR FIRST 3 DAY EVENT OVER IN GREAT BRITAIN. HARLOW THOUGHT SHE KNEW THE PATTERN BUT WENT OF COURSE. A JUDGE CAME OVER RIGHT AWAY, TOLD HER WHERE SHE WENT WRONG, GOT TO START THERE AND  FINISH. OFF COURSE DISQUALIFIED, AS ALWAYS HARLOW TOOK IT ALL IN STRIDE WITH HER GREAT ATTITUDE. HOPE THE GIRLS WILL LET THEIR DAD ( WHO REALLY IS THEIR COACH AND BIGGEST FAN😉,) CALL FOR THEM. Susan
  14. @martylesnick2032: EXCELLENT WARM UP FOR THE SHOW😁. BOTH HORSES WERE SO RELAXED.  STEVIE A BIT MORE 🤣 WHEN IT CAME TO THE JUMPS. SHE WAS MORE WHOA THAN GO AND THATS OK FOR NOW, SURE DONT WANT HER TO DO A BIG JUMP AND UNSEAT JULIA. JULIA'S POSITION ON HER IS LIKE A LITTLE JOCKEY STAYING CLOSE AND IN BALANCE. LOTS OF TROTTING OVER CAVALETTIS WITH OUT REINS IS A GOOD WHY TO GET BALANCED AND STONGERS IN THE IRON FOR JUMPING. GOT TO LOVE THAT LITTLE MARE, WHEN KATE GETS IN THE IRONS SHE GETS DOWN TO BUSINESS. STEVIE SAYS REALLY, CROSS RAILS ARE TROT RAILS🤣.  Susan
  15. @heyitmejustme4329: What test are they doing? My guess from watching is intro A.

- Duathlon Training & Preparation | How To Plan Your First Duathlon: Kind: captions Language: en-GB Mark: Now, we talk a lot here on the channel about triathlon, but what about their sibling the duathlon. The format of run-bike-run can be quite appealing to cyclists and runners. Maybe just wanting to try their hand at something multi-sport, even to swimmers maybe just wanting to do something completely different. To triathletes, perhaps just wanting a little bit of focus over the off season or the winter. Whatever your reason is today, I'm here to help you with some advice on how to prepare for a duathlon. [music] "Why do duathlon," I hear you say? It's not race if it doesn't start with a swim or contain three different disciplines, et cetera, et cetera. Well, even if your main focus is triathlons, duathlon can be a great and a fun way of mixing your training up, particularly over the off season, when perhaps there aren't so many triathlons going on because perhaps it's too cold to do the open water part of the triathlon, in which case duathlon servers are a very good and quite nice way to get that competitive outlet, gives you a bit of focus and also allows you to practice some of your tactics and strategies ahead of the triathlon season. Then, also, if you're beginner maybe wanting to progress to triathlons then duathlons can be a really nice introduction. Obviously, two disciplines is a lot less scary than three disciplines and, therefore, conserves a very nice introduction to this world of multi-sport. Then, there's nothing wrong If you just don't like swimming. Duathlon does not contain swimming. Therefore, if you just want to do duathlons and that's your end goal, that's absolutely fine. You may be tempted to think that duathlon is completely different to triathlon, and therefore, it requires a very different training regime. Well, in reality, it's really not the case. You can actually perform very well off a normal ordinary triathlon training program. That being said, there may be a few things or tweaks you might want to add and change to your training, just to make sure that you don't get caught out. The first of which being preparing to run before the bike. I know that might sound odd, but as triathletes, we quite often practice running off the bike in what we call "brick sessions," but there's something quite unique about doing a hard run and then a bike with tired legs, and then expecting our legs to work again on that final run. We're expecting quite a lot of our legs. My suggestion to you would be set your bike up on an indoor trainer, finding a little loop outside that you can run on. Starting off with that run route, jumping straight in onto the indoor trainer, and then heading back out onto the run. You can repeat that through multiple times to really get that sensation and feeling. If you're really lucky, you can do it all outside if you've got a nice quiet loop or it's good weather, or all inside if you've got a treadmill. That should really get used to that feeling of doing a hard run into a bike and running off. Most of that is actually dealing with the fatigue in your legs and learning how to run off with that fatigue, all of which will be beneficial and transfer over into triathlon too. Secondly, duathlons are quite often used as a bit of an alternative to triathlons, particularly during the off season, as I mentioned before. If you're really looking to for a while in these duathlons, then you want to be including some race specific training to prepare yourself better for the events. Now in the off season, if we're focusing on triathlons, then we quite often end up doing base training at that time of the year, that can end up feeling and being quite monotonous. Actually, including some of this race specific training in at this time of year, it's not only going to prepare us better for the duathlons, It's also just going to mix things up for us. Finally, you definitely, definitely want to be practicing your transitions, whatever strategy or technique you go for, it's really important that you at least do one session where you just go through it over and over again and go through the motions that you're really well prepared. I saw many good triathletes out there that don't do this and they mess up quite catastrophically. Now, in duathlons, we obviously run first and then run at the end. That may mean that using the same pair of shoes for both the first run and that final run. That needs some practice. We'll go into that a little bit later on. Finally, given that duathlons quite often take place over the wintry months, they can be in less than ideal conditions, quite cold and nippy. You may want to go with some warmer gear for before, maybe even during and after the event, because there is nothing worse than being borderline hypothermic at the start of a duathlon and then not really warming up until about a hundred meters before the finish and then getting cold again. You can wear things like base layers if you're triathlete, I've done that a lot before. You can wear gloves, maybe even a hat. You can take few things actually off If you get too hot during the race, you can drop them off in T1 or T2. Regardless of the result, whether it does help you improve your performance or not, it's going to make it a lot more enjoyable. What pro tips have I got for you? Well, one rather important detail that I've touched on a bit, I haven't really gone into yet, and I really do need to, is your running shoes. A lot of people wear the same set of running shoes for the first run and the second run. That's fine. The idea being that you take off the running shoes in T1, place them down carefully, and, hopefully, they'll be able to slip them on quite quickly in T2. If you really want to kick your duathlon season off with a bang, why not go ready with two sets of running shoes, one set for the first run, and then the second set set up perfectly in T2, so you can slip on nice and quickly. There's no issues with getting a tongue hooked under or anything like that. Then, we've got your socks. Now, hear me out on this one, I know it sounds quite odd, in triathlon we often don't wear socks other than maybe for some long distance events and as we go onto the run. In duathlon, I really would actually recommend you wear socks. It just gives you that extra layer of protection on your feet as you're jumping on and off of the bike. If you're doing flying mounts and dismounts, something that can provide the spectators with quite a lot of amusement, is your socks sticking to the Velcro on your bike shoes or triathlon shoes. I'm talking from experience here. All I do is recommend you go out and just practice doing your transitions with the socks that you're hoping to wear. If you do run into issues, maybe try out some different socks or another method. Then, finally moving on from that, there's the option of actually doing the whole race in your running shoes. I don't see this so often, actually it's quite hard to come by the pedals that you'd need for, they're called Pyro pedals. It's a solid platform. When you come off that first run, you can quickly jump onto your bike, place your feet onto these solid platforms and they hook them in and then jump off the bike and run straight off. I'll be honest this is really for the pointy end of racing for saving those one or two seconds through transition. I hope you have enjoyed today's video. If you have, here are thumbs up button and give this video a like. If you'd like to see more from GTN and follow us on social media, you can do that now. [00:07:09] [END OF AUDIO]

  Top Comments:
  1. @gtn [35 likes]: Have you ever done a duathlon? Let us know!
  2. @zaidzain [16 likes]: I came here because I want to try out Triathlon, but I can't swim. 😄
  3. @jadecoley [2 likes]: I'm a runner who has just joined a triathlon club. Today I did my first transition from 40kms bike to 5km run and my legs were like lead!! How often should I practice transition from bike to run??
  4. @Knightcorrector [2 likes]: Over a minute of this video is apologizing for making the video.
  5. @angrymikko [1 likes]: Yt algo telling me I’ve skipped too many swims 😅
  6. @masonklahn4322 [1 likes]: I had a triathlon this Sunday that was turned into a duathlon. I'm disappointed because I worked so hard on the swim.
  7. @jshepard5840 [1 likes]: I was really hoping for a bit of a training plan here, as you do with so many of your other videos.  Any tips on where to find a good 12 week duathlon training plan?
  8. @5starathlete804: Gonna do duathlon next year. going to start training this summer
  9. @elwalker9034: Don't you get blisters more easily without socks.
  10. @PenseBemMayaraSouza: i am duathlete. lets goooo
  11. @ammasazam-gs7tc: hi sir , i want to ask something , for triahlon or duathlon , are there need to use uci approved roadbike or tt bike ?
  12. @darrenmorris8666: I'm doing a Tri soon, but will be moving over go duathlons until I sort my swimming out
  13. @stuartmclean3843: How do i get into duathlons events? I would like to enter my 1st event, do i need to be in a club? Or can i enter online for a event and enter as a individual? Also do i need a time trail specifc bike or can i use my road bike?
  14. @pedalorunners: I have a hybrid bike can I do duathlon
  15. @carlwilliams9624: I came looking for info because a lot of what they call " adventure races" do a kayak instead of swim ....  is there even a  proper name for these :) 😀
  16. @henryheupel1641: Hey thanks for the video. What is the exact name for the pedals which I can use with running shoes. I don’t get it right (not native English speaker)
  17. @angelhough571: Planning my first next year
  18. @SatyajitShetty: Started training again after Covid hospitalization in Sept 20. Gained 15 kgs . Any suggestions on training apps to help me get back to shape ?
  19. @freidatheus9103: Any tips for a swim/run?
  20. @samuelcaillault294: Hello for short duathlon I was using Pyro platform avoiding changing shoes it was really convenient and time saving

- Chris Hemsworth and Arnold Schwarzenegger | Elevator Ride | Nobody Hits Like Netflix: Kind: captions Language: en-US Hey Chris. Hey! My new show FUBAR. Oh, I love this show. Big fan. Thanks. So, how's it going being the Netflix Chief Action Officer? I mean, you know how much I love action, right? There's no one better for the job. Oh, I got to watch Extraction 2. And I have some ideas for you. Cool. Like you could hit a guy with a giant clock and you say ''Your time is up.'' Yep, yep, yeah, that, that could be good. Or you should punch a guy, knock his teeth out and then you say ''You were overdue for an extraction.'' You have to admit that one is cool, huh? No, it's good, it's cool, yeah. Or after you blow up a helicopter you say– Don't say it, ''Get to the choppa!'' ''Get to the–'' Ah, does it hurt your throat when you say it? Oh, this is me. Hasta la vista... baby. Ah, stupid. You told me to find the reason I fought my way back. Let's find out.

  Top Comments:
  1. @shadowy_optimisms: Two Leo's just trying to figure it out.
  2. @luismonteiro1388: isto é do melhor que existe . Conan and thor
  3. @capick1646: 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
  4. @oberstul1941: Cringed!
  5. @anjameurer9708: The watch thing cracked me up so hard🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 I would laugh so hard in a scene, especially if they take this movie way too serious
  6. @MantaCérO: I - I'm . . .Chris 🫰⚡
  7. @Vlachynahasbeenhacked: Aby ses neposral dědku…

Az Trump vlítne na Kubu, BUDEŠ VYPRÁVĚT ZE V TOM MAM PRSTY…

Ty je můžeš DO PAKÁRNY VŠECHNY VODVIZT ZROVNA TAK…
  8. @SriSri-g6r: 😂
  9. @असीम-9: Run ..... Go the choppa
  10. @SoUnD_MAN: ))
  11. @sinjulalsinjulal800: Pop 👍👌💯❤🙏
  12. @ZainWattoo-u9j: Hi Chris Happy Sunday ❤❤❤❤❤
  13. @ETHANFELIXPRESCOTT-r8e: That guy who compliment your work then you blow up making things bad.
  14. @bantehayes9973: I started being a big fan of Chris's when I watched Rush. That was when I knew he wasn't just a guy who could play Thor. Dude's a terrific actor. Loved him in the heart of the sea as well, and yes, extraction was great too. Dude's got it all.
  15. @quincycleophasjenkins721: "Your time is up!" Gold.
  16. @DougGoobanko: Shame they arent actually in the same room together
  17. @MatthewHeywood-o2i: At a beach party once Chris, set me up with Gracy, and after 20 years Gracy and I still remember that
  18. @MatthewHeywood-o2i: Chris and a few of his friends knows the awkward wave that nearly drowned while I was trying to surf it, sunk like the Titanic and I felt like I was tumbling ( eg Jonny Utah tumbling wave scene point break 1990).
And when I came up gasping for air a couple of times, they all laughed at me and thought I was funny as hell.
I may have said it's not funny (surfing at North Avalon beach, late 1990s)
  19. @denn-denn3333: Chris having a ‘Throat-Chakra’ Moment ⚡️w/ Arnold throwing a ‘Choke-Hold’ Glare 👁️👁️
‘…Choppa…’💥
  20. @SHARPSHOOTER-RIAN: “I showed someone your watch. It blew his mind.” (No Time to Die)  “  😄😄😄

- The Best Bull Rider of All Time: J.B. Mauney: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] in the history of bull riding I would think that Jamie's got a rank right up at the top nobody's dealt that he is the best I've never seen a day out of JB where he wasn't expecting to be first things that JB does I don't see out anybody else other people put so much effort and so much time into it whereas it comes so easy to him he's got a level of confidence that is so beyond that there's not a bull in the world that he believes can buck him off there's not a title in the world that he can't win there's not a mountain he can't climb or anything he can't do [Applause] there's been a lot of Campbell's that have probably picked that easier one or that one that's good to ride they're probably gonna win some money but gang gonna hear their name whose name do you hear JB he's the best out there you can pick a night almost everything there's one in the world twice and he's won over six million dollars riding bull they come down natural you know it's a different thing that most people I guess don't have you know in their blood and their body you know it's just a dirty rotten tough cowboy being a cowboy's of lifestyle that's what I was raised to be I didn't much want to do anything else I rode bucking horses I wrote cab now I'm not ever boy router does it I love them guys don't even know how to ride a horse don't want her out a horse but uh I'd rather be a cowboy than just a bull rider any day you could have take a little slower when I got it down low as you get the other Road being a cowboy and not strictly a bull rider helps you because I mean I'm not just riding the horse I'm working on the legs your balance and things like that this sport definitely started out as a wild and reckless event the balance is kind of shifted to where there's the wild and reckless cowboys that are willing to do whatever it takes and there's you know the athlete side of things where these guys have really evolved into training hard and spending every minute of every day working towards being a world champion bull rider JB is one of the strangest guys as far as what works for him as a bull rider like he don't work out he's funny he only weighs like 140 pounds balance for me is a huge part it doesn't matter how big you are you're not gonna help muscle a damn 1800 pound boy standing on it like that the way it rolls and the way you have to move your weight it's just like a bull it's worked for me I feel like that's the main reason I move my hips so good standing on this thing all the time I did it for an hour a day for a long time you know it's I didn't have anything to do that's where I'd be I'd be inside stand on this ball watch the board on tapes eating the sandwich where you could walk in I talked to you and never get off the ball a lot of them they've told me your frickin nature but they're not here I don't see what I work out all the time and I let them say what they want to everybody asked me you you healthy was no I haven't been healthy since the first time I climbed ownable first when I got on he don't be piss out of me lacerated my liver and broke all my ribs on the right side they told me it should have killed me I thought it first find me hell am i doing this to myself but the next day I want to do it again I was the kid with the try when the other guys had the talent I was the one that we just would not turn loose but I was gonna try to have a bitter end I mean they'd have to stomp me loose before I was gonna let go but you can only beat your body so much before it's just finished I could feel oily the scar tissue really released for you that's my strong man that's when I arrived with my wishes in a little better shape but what I got to deal with you can't put it out of your mind for eight seconds from I will not rob blue if you want to be a world champion bad enough you're gonna have to learn the route with pain you go from January till mate almost every weekend and it's not just one bull in a weekend it's gonna be five of the rankest bulls in the world while coming here and sit down like this to see what I'm doing and what I could do better even when I make a good ride I'll put it in slow motion sit there and watch it and see what I did wrong well up until this point right here I was riding him pretty much like I supposed to when he makes his next corner way through a little twist in there well that messed up all my timing up right there that was just a tic behind him yeah that much as long as you stay ahead of bulls like that they don't have any power but when you get behind like that that's when they take control of you they're your dancing partner they make a move you have to follow right there it's kind of the do-or-die situation you either man up and keep your hand shut and take what's coming or you take the easy route out when I go back this time I know exactly what's coming right there I'm three inches away from the tip of that horn that's when you close your eyes and hope you done knock all your teeth out when dealing with bulls you have to be a bit wild and reckless to be able to compete at this level you're riding a wild animal hell I mean anything and everything could happen if you talk to any bull rider and they tell you they don't have a little bit of fear in them and herv's about him that line bald-faced lying to you cuz I mean you getting on the bull that weighs 1,600 pounds to 22 one time he steps the right way on your bed it's a game i inches she sees me limping around and being bruised up and stuff like that being sore but I don't think she understands that you know it's a life-and-death situation sometimes I want to be around as much as I can I want to be a father to her but it is reckless you're putting your life on the line every time you nod your head JB and not Senate called my son are not too many or like him around there I mean you can tell he kind of stands out you got a half-scale but you got to have a little bit of luck but you got to really want it and he's always a lot of it is natural but JB puts in a lot of it to earth when he was younger he had a bucking barrel that you couldn't set on there cuz the growths are bad there and he rode it every day for four and five hours a day you work at it until the very last ball you ever get on if I feel like I'm making too many moves and I'll come out here and just slow everything back down you get on it enough and you do the same thing it's repetition yeah muscle memory it comes natural to you everything's going so fast it's got to come second nature you better not be thinking about what you're trying to control because if you do you're already underground they're really good bulls they all gonna kick square over their head the Bulls dropping you're a little bit back and he's gonna jerk you down you can Jack your knees up in them to stop you from going and kind of you know then set your feet back down if he's just spinning real fast and not kicking up in his butt then you kind of you you lift and prod to kind of lock you in there and then you just make the moves when he's spinning the fights not really against another guy's against the bull there are a heck of a lot smarter than people think the difference between me and a lot of them you guys going is I picked the ranked Bulls every time I get a chance I want the one that nobody else wants it prove to myself that there's no bullying hearing tummy elf every time I've seen JB he really hasn't put much thought into the bully as he does best when shooting from the hip if I don't know what the bull does then my body reacts something something I ride him jump for jump if I know what he does in the back of my head I'm setting the game plan for him you set a trap for a bull you get caught in it every time bull ridings getting to be a bigger sport it's starting to become more mainstream generation I see now is getting farther and farther away from being Cowboys I think that eventually it'll consist of just Ghazi Red Bulls it's going out of style because it's a different age this year I got that little one for you know I wanted to turn her loose and let her go by herself and let her kind of figure it out all on don't go around the shop okay lady I like to go fast oh I like to go fast when she's around I'm falling well when I crawl off in that chute that's when you go back to the reckless side they come they changed the world of bull riding and then they go away hope there's never another in Japanese but there's always a young kid that comes up that's gonna take your spot you're not doing this to be the best at it then you might as well stop now I know when I get old that I'm gonna be crippled as hell yeah I'm sacrificing my body is gonna be tore all to pieces but I'm willing to sacrifice that to be the best of what are there

  Top Comments:
  1. @VICESports [1000 likes]: VICE Sports traveled with J.B. to check out his atypical workouts, his superior technique and unrivaled work ethic that has taken him to unprecedented ground in the bull riding community.

WATCH NEXT: Inside the Life-or-Death World of Competitive Bull Riding — https://youtu.be/OoABbB7KhUM
  2. @jordanjohnson1525 [1 likes]: If I could show the Aliens one video it would be this
  3. @1thank2you3: This is the most beautiful way to empower man. I hope every man do this.
  4. @TheSkinnyWaterDude: Lets Roll America! U.S.A.
  5. @TheSkinnyWaterDude: Whe have you American! U.S.A.
  6. @TheSkinnyWaterDude: U.S.A.
  7. @TheSkinnyWaterDude: Cancel Culture is now dead! Thank You USA! USA
  8. @andrewyoder88: Every sport has its GOAT. And  it seems every GOAT just has that look about them that attracts a fan even more than just the talent alone. JB is that
  9. @tylerfoley2859: Statesville NC native here, a member at the Golf course I work at claims to have rode with JB back in the day in Texas 🇺🇸👍🏼
  10. @KingJedward08: Not the greatest. Be the best.
  11. @travisschwindt5972: Can do anything but stay healthy.
  12. @stover14: I love everyones clothing, these cowboys and gals got style ive never seen someone like that irl
  13. @roddya2559: No woke shit viewers here pleez,thats a real man and a great father right there,Gods kinda people💪✝️
  14. @SheilaCombs1974: They need to do a story of his life while he's still alive ❤
  15. @KeanuWeaves: This guy makes me want to go back to smoking darts so badly.
  16. @Just.Stacey27: When I think of  cowboys, I think of pure masculinity and George strait. 
🤠🐂🐎👌🏻
  17. @stevieschuster: I dont know much about Bull riding, nor do I care too. Im from Calgary. Lol
  18. @pharmBree: 12:57 absolutely stunning
  19. @BlackElephantProject: The Don Frye of bull riding
  20. @dakotacollett9301: Oh I’m just a turkey hunter and put most cow boys to Shame

- What Canadian Mounties Go Through At Boot Camp: Kind: captions Language: en-US Instructor: Nunez, in what year did we become the Royal Canadian Mounted Police? Cadet: 1920. Instructor: Really, that's what you're gonna give me? That's as loud as you can be? Instructor: My goodness. Heaven forbid the day you have to yell at someone, "Stop, police, drop the knife," because they're coming at you with an edged weapon. There's no whispering. There's no room for meek and mild in this job. [drumming] Instructor: Count it out! Cadet: Four. Cadet: One. Cadet: Two. Cadet: Three. [shouting instructions] Narrator: These cadets are training to become members of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police. More commonly known as the Mounties. But before they don the iconic scarlet tunic known as the red serge, all cadets have to graduate from the RCMP's 26-week training program, which combines intense tactical training with customs and traditions... Cadet: To the queen. Cadets: To the queen. Narrator: That are steeped in Canadian history. Every year, about 1,000 cadets graduate from the academy before joining the 20,000 RCMP officers serving across the country. On a bitterly cold week in December, we spent five days at the academy, where we saw different troops at various stages of the 26-week training program. On day one, a new troop is welcomed by the academy's commanding officer. Jasmin Breton: Everybody wants you to be successful. We're incredibly happy that you're finally sitting in these seats as members of Troop 29. And we want you to be successful. But we're not gonna do it for you. You have to do it for yourselves. Narrator: The application process, which includes a polygraph test, can take about eight months. Breton: Everybody took a year out of your life to finally get here. We sometimes see cadets go home after 24 hours. It takes probably a couple of weeks to get used to the routine. So give it at least a couple of weeks. Work hard, have some fun, and good luck. Are we a kinder police organization? That is a comment that we actually verbally say out loud now. We're in the service industry. We're out there to serve the Canadian public. So if we create that type of environment, we're hopeful that the cadets will remember that and when they are out in their various communities that they will continue to work with the communities as they were trained. Narrator: Training happens here, at RCMP Academy, Depot Division, located in Regina, Saskatchewan, about 100 miles north of the US border. It's a region of Canada known as the Prairie, where, during our visit to Regina, sustained winds combined with the low temperature made it consistently feel about negative 25 degrees Fahrenheit. The starting salary for a constable in the RCMP is about $53,000 a year. After three years, it increases to about $86,000. Applicants must be at least 19 years old and willing to relocate anywhere in Canada, including remote territories like Yukon and Nunavut. The Royal Canadian Mounted Police as we know it today was founded in 1920. Movie clip: The Canadian Rockies. The legendary Mounties are the symbol of law and order in this vast domain. Narrator: Although they're called Mounties, the RCMP isn't a mounted police force, and horses are only used for ceremonial events. ♪ Here come the Mounties ♪ ♪ To get the man they're after now ♪ Mike McGinley: We're not what you see in the movies from Hollywood. People see the red jackets, pointy hats on black horses, and they think that's what RCMP is. But we're police officers first and foremost, and I think that's probably the biggest misconception. [garbled radio] The reality is policing back roads and small towns by yourself. We are a police force; that's the biggest message. Narrator: And it all starts here, at Depot. Cadet: I need you to stand up. You're under arrest for assault with a weapon. Narrator: Where most of the training is focused on mastering police procedure, practiced in realistic scenarios where cadets play the roles of both the officer and the suspect. Cadet: Anything that you do say to me can be used as evidence. Do you understand? Cadet: Yeah. I just want you to know that I messed up. I didn't mean to. I'm not that type of person. Cadet: OK, good to know. Cadet: Can I get a 10-28, 10-29 PROS on a Saskatchewan marker when ready? Operator: 10-4, go ahead. Breton: We're trying to prepare them for the realities of policing. Cadet: Do you have anything on you that could hurt me or you? Breton: Policing isn't an easy profession. We make the program such that they will be physically and mentally prepared. But they also have to have common sense; they have to know their powers of arrest; they have to know the law. So it's a real combination of two things that need to happen all at once. Narrator: Male and female cadets train together at Depot, and even face each other in Police Defensive Tactics training, or PDT. Audrey Soucy: Fight! Obviously, in policing, we don't choose our opponent. We're not gonna be always matched with a normal size like you would see in the sport of boxing or MMA. Most of our cadets come here without any backgrounds at all. Some of them have never been involved in a fight. So it's very difficult for them to understand how to deal with a situation like that. Narrator: Cadets are faced with additional disadvantages. Sometimes they're only allowed to use one hand, or they're only allowed to use leg strikes. Another exercise requires one combatant to spin around in circles before the fight begins. Soucy: Go! Fight! If you get into a fight with an opponent out there in the street, it could happen that you get hit in the head and that can create, like, some kind of dizziness. Little bit of a concussion type of scenario. We want to make sure that they have this kind of understanding without putting them into a concussion, obviously, 'cause we don't want them to be hurting themself. Narrator: But with punches flying, minor injuries do occur. Soucy: Sometimes some things like that happen. We try to mitigate that as much as we can, so. It's almost a good thing he can feel that so then if it happens in the field, he knows how to deal with it. Cadet: Put your hands up, OK? Cadet: My hands are up. My hands are up! Narrator: In this scenario... Cadet: You're under arrest! Get down on the floor! Narrator: Cadets attempt to subdue an aggressive assailant and apply handcuffs. But it's not easy. To make the scenario more challenging, cadets are matched up with assailants who are bigger and stronger than they are... Cadet: Trying to take his arms down. Narrator: Whose objective is to try and grab the gun and baton from the cadet's duty belt. Rebecca Cicansky: The reason that we do this is basically to allow the police officer to reassess the totality of that situation. And now that jeopardy has raised for the police officer, they should be able to reassess that situation. Cadet: I got his legs. Cicansky: Communication is the big key here. They wanna communicate with their partner... Cadet: Call for backup! Cicansky: And then come up with a new plan based on their risk assessment, which is always evolving. McGinley: Nobody dies at Depot. This is the place to make mistakes. 'Cause when police officers make mistakes, people get hurt. Some of the stuff they see and will see is not nice. And we need to help prepare them for that physically and mentally. Narrator: Being exposed to pepper spray is a common part of law-enforcement training, and it's no different in the RCMP. [cadet shouting] Tylor Goulet: We want them to get an appreciation for using pepper spray so they understand, essentially, that it's painful and so they understand that it works, it's effective. And that they can fight through it if they are exposed to OC spray themself. They do 50 jumping jacks. We just wanna get their heart rate up, just to simulate as if they were in some sort of a physical altercation, perhaps. They then go into the actual chamber where it's been contaminated with pepper spray. You've already gone 10-19, I said just make the arrest. And then they have to make an arrest on the subject inside that chamber, keeping their eyes open, being aware of their surroundings, and fighting through that painful experience. Narrator: But at Depot, cadets take it to another level. After being exposed, cadets exit the facility and perform an arrest in the freezing cold. Cadet: Would you like to speak to a lawyer when we get back to the office? Goulet: They probably barely notice the cold when they're out there, immediately after the exposure. It's only once that the effects have worn off that they realize it's actually cold outside. [cadet coughing] It actually will help somewhat with numbing that pain of the pepper spray once they get back into a warmer environment. Instructor: Just had to adjust the volume. Is everybody able to hear me over there? Lane one, can you hear me OK, you guys can hear me OK? K, 'cause things that I say are so important. Narrator: Cadets fire between 800 and 900 rounds during their 65 hours of training on the firing range. Ryan Peters: Probably 15%, 20% of the cadets that show up have some sort of firearms experience, whether that's pistols, shotgun, rifle, or hunting. We're able to take someone with absolutely no pistol or firearms experience and make them quite good shooters and successful through the program. So, week two, they're actually issued their service pistols, Smith & Wesson 5946. That is their pistol. And it will follow them through their career until they so retire or move on to something else. Firearms is a very important skill set to have, and if the day ever comes that you actually need to rely on your pistol to protect a human life, it's going to be a situation where we hope that you're proficient and you're prepared for that day when it does come. Training video: I was here yesterday! I'm trying to make a living! Cadet: Drop the knife, sir! Video: You're always jacking me up! Instructor: OK, we're gonna pause this scenario. Narrator: Cadets interact with a video in which role-players create a scenario that tests judgment... Cadet: Sir, can I see your hands? Video: I told you already. Narrator: And how do de-escalate a threatening situation. The judgment simulation room is also equipped with what's known as a shoot-back cannon, which fires projectiles at cadets. Curtis Parker: We can basically give them a little shot with the shoot-back cannon, and it will remind them to go use cover. So, it only needs once or twice, and then they quickly get behind cover. Narrator: Every cadet is required to pass the PARE test. PARE stands for Physical Ability Requirement Evaluation. Instructor: We're gonna run hard. Everyone's gonna get superior today. Cadet: Oh, yeah. Narrator: And it's used to determine a cadet's physical ability for duty. Instructor: Ready, go! Instructor: Pace yourself, buddy. The PARE is the current job standard test that we use. It's the measure of success for fitness and physical ability when cadets graduate from Depot. So if a cadet is unsuccessful at PARE, then they will not graduate from our program. The cadets will run six laps of an obstacle course that includes running over a set of stairs twice in each lap as well as jumping over some lower hurdles and going over a 3-foot barrier, laying on the ground, and getting up. So, they go through that circuit six times, and then they move into what we call the push-pull station, that replicates that altercation. And they need to push and maneuver a weight six times. The weight is 70 pounds. The standard for what we call a pass is four minutes and 45 seconds. In policing, the physical demands are unpredictable, and it's difficult to do your job well or safely if you are unfit. Narrator: Cadets are also timed in scenario-specific training like this exercise, where the objective is to load up a truck bed with various life-saving supplies. Each item weighs about 50 pounds, and the goal is to safely load the truck in less than two minutes. Instructor: Time. Good one, 2:02.9. [dog barking] Narrator: Training moves outside when cadets work with a dog handler. Brent Bates: This is Bailey. She was my partner as a police dog. I spent seven years on the road with her as a police dog when we were partners. She goes on what are called uniform runs. It's supposed to simulate running with a dog handler, pursuing a suspect, or looking for a lost person. Instructor: Come on, let's go! Bates: We end up going over a lot of fences when we're chasing bad guys. It's just the nature of how our work is. To try and get a dog over a fence, our main concern is the safety of the dog. We don't want the dog getting hurt chasing somebody. And so there's certain ways to get the dogs over the fence. They utilize their harness, so what we usually do is get one person at the top of the fence, sit on top of the fence, and then I hand the dog up to them. And their job is to make sure she doesn't come back over the fence or jump down the other side and hurt herself. We're lucky with Bailey. Bailey's very friendly and very easy to work around. The cadets use it as a bit of a learning tool, to show them how to be around the dog and what the dog looks like when it's actually working. Jonathan Neufeld: What a tremendous opportunity. A turning point for this troop. Narrator: Cadets have to pass a rigorous inspection of their barracks, known in the RCMP as pits. Cadets lay out all components of their duty belt on their beds and stand by while an officer inspects all of their clothing and personal belongings. Neufeld: Look what you have done. A cow sacrificed their life for your belt. Look what you've done to it. How they do present their pits and lay out their pits is an extension of themselves, and it does translate to other areas across the cadet training program. Ginette Rochon: It is minus 25 right now, and you're out here in a forage cap. You're out here not prepared for duty. This entire troop will be at learning assistance tomorrow morning at 7:30. Wear your fur cap and carry your hat here, so you can wear it for class! Narrator: What sets the RCMP apart is its uncompromising attention to detail. Narrator: Which is on full display in the drill hall, where cadets spend hours practicing marching, maneuvers, and customs. Instructor: Shout it out! Rochon: It's an extremely valuable component of training here, because it teaches cadets that sense of discipline, self-control, and composure. Instructor: You need to see a chiropractor or something? Put your feet forward. McGinley: It's about conditioning the mind, simple commands, you respond. You see the threat, you respond. Even though it looks very ceremonial in nature, it's all connected back to doing policing. Rochon: The bottom of the flap, all the way down here. Lower it, the bottom here. That's where it should be. Why are those things important in our uniform? Cadet: Public perception of us. Rochon: What happens if we have poor public perception? Cadet: Lack of faith. McGinley: It's not about buttons and zippers, and it's not about marching. Everything has a connection back to policing. Attention to detail in your uniform translates to looking for what's missing. Looking for what might be evidence when you get out into the field. Narrator: Drill practice culminates in a ceremony known as the Sergeant Major's Parade. And every week, there's a special guest in attendance: a 28-year-old man with special needs named Matthew. Shannon Berard-Gardiner: He has come to the RCMP Depot parade on Tuesdays for the past six years. And it's his, like, ultimate thing. This is what he looks most forward to, is being able to come here and to have this relationship that he's developed with the drill unit. Oh, orange again? Instructor: Again? Berard-Gardiner: On the other hand? Instructor: Want me to do the other hand? Berard-Gardiner: It's just tremendous, like, they've just sort of taken him under their wing, and he has his own uniform. You know, they made him an honorary cadet. [clapping] Narrator: Although the Mounties are known for their iconic scarlet tunic, this is the uniform you'll actually see a modern Mountie wearing on duty. But the red serge remains a defining characteristic of the RCMP, used as the formal attire The uniform comes together here, where a team of more than 20 tailors alter the uniforms to the specific measurements of each cadet. Nila Filoteo: We take them apart, we put them together, and do the alterations. We like to see the smile on their faces when they come in and, you know, get fitted. When they receive the tunics, then they know that, you know, they're wearing a prestigious garment. [bugle call] Narrator: The week before graduation, cadets attend what's known as the Regimental Dinner, held in the officers' mess. It's a tradition that, according to the RCMP, media has not been allowed to attend before now. McGinley: It exposes them to the importance of our history. Cadets: To the force. McGinley: We adhere to some very old traditions that we've inherited from the British army and the Canadian army that we've made our own. Narrator: One seat at the table is left unoccupied to honor the memory of the more than 240 RCMP officers who have died in the line of duty. Breton: It's really a culmination of that family piece that we talk about right from the beginning. That building of that esprit de corps. Sitting there together as the corps, celebrating the organization that they're just about to join. ♪ O, Canada ♪ ♪ We stand on guard for thee ♪ Narrator: Before they graduate, cadets take part in the oath ceremony. This troop took their oaths in French. After taking the oaths, the cadets remove the epaulets from their uniforms, signifying that they are no longer cadets. [cheering] McGinley: They've become members of the Mounted Police. They grow 2 inches, and they look so proud. And their families and their friends when they see them are so proud of what they've achieved. Canadians trust the RCMP and have for a very long time. It's fragile, and we have to make sure that we maintain that.

  Top Comments:
  1. @majdzaabi [1 likes]: قدمهاي،رهوهاي،
  2. @majdzaabi [1 likes]: وعرهاي،اسمعهاي،💿🎧👂
  3. @majdzaabi [1 likes]: سبسسهاي،بهاي،
  4. @majdzaabi [1 likes]: كفهاي،
  5. @majdzaabi [1 likes]: جوهرهاي،افامهاي،
  6. @majdzaabi [1 likes]: متعركهاي،هوهاي،رسخاي،دولخاي،ثمهاي،هربهاي،قروهاي،فبلهاي،بهاي،فسعهاي،
  7. @Lamarjackson45: Real cowards. Your military? Then come against the marines royal cowards
  8. @Lamarjackson45: These are valour stealers. Coward is their moto. Recruiting is near impossible. We are actively discouraging people being a communist cop of coward Canada. The biggest group of individuals who know nothing about integrity . Thank you Arizona state police, and Texas state police for doing a great consistent job. Just know these rcmp like to signal virtue while the behave as a communist preditors. Your only as good as the laws you defend.
  9. @andymcevoy2080: Great video
  10. @258fritz: Cops are lasy
  11. @riverland22: Locate anywhere?! I'll have none of it.
  12. @christiansfortruth5953: They are not pussies that's for sure. Suck it up guys😮😮😮
  13. @waltjesso1153: Who cares get rid of Carneys RCMP
  14. @punklover99: It's a mix of a state cop and something like the army
  15. @albanach1945: Its time the Polis in US aaah were trained properly like this
  16. @ricardobandeira21: Especial trop.
  17. @francisfreyre: Beautiful documentary! Thank you!
  18. @grahamcameron7628: Just missing their brown shirts...
  19. @user-ro1cs5hp5e: Funny to see a USA far right ultra nationalist MAGA channel doing a video about Canada. Business insider should stick with doing videos about Trump
  20. @triskelworkshop: only 26 weeks training to become a police officer ?

- 471 - 3'6 Green Conformation Hunter U/S: Kind: captions Language: en quired horses should be obedient alert responsive and move freely be judged 70% on performance and 32% on conformation this class is underwritten by longitude capital the award donated by farm bit and the ribbons underwritten by Ella in Town and Country Village all right this is your class riders if you would start at the walk we started being judged at the walk and if you could slide this number cards just to the outside judges at the walk and we'll go right into the trot now all trot back down to the walk now riders please walk up to the canter now all canter back down to the walk let's walk in Reverse walk in Reverse sliding those number cards now to the other side back up to the canter now all canter and let's trot now all trot back down to the walk now I'll walk all right right I'm gonna have you line up like this facing the end gate nose to tail starting with 262 then 264 then 583 followed by 323 and then to 27 so again lining up to 62 to start then 264 583 323 and 227 and now for our results with a slight change in the order taking the blue ribbon was 262 always social and leaf lick in second place 264 now we're talking in John Bragg our third place finisher now is going to be 227 Gavroche and Lexi Shaw in fourth is 583 xoxo and Leslie steel and at fifth 3:23 a jury duty and the Lexi Wedemeyer be back shortly with our championship and our zone ten horse of the year championship

- Split Rock Hunter Jumper 1 CSI 2* on USEF Network: Kind: captions Language: en don't miss the Split Rock Hunter jumper 1 CSI two star Saturday June 8th and Sunday June 9th from the Kentucky Horse Park watch it all live and for free on us.org network

- The Bay Area Equestrian Network presents "How to set up in and outs" with Nicolle Carrolle: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] and In-N-Out is a combination of jump that involves either one or two strides between the two fences it is most commonly seen in the jumper ring but you'll also sometimes find an in and out in the hunter ring or the equitation ring is a gymnasti vising exercise meaning that it requires the horse to rapidly jump collect and jump again in a very short sequence of events in general when you're measuring for a standard one stride in andout the most common measurement is 21 ft between obstacles to measure 21 ft between obstacles measure seven three foot strides from ground line to ground Line 1 2 3 4 five 6 7 in general you want to measure 34 to 36 ft for a two STP you can make this distance slightly shorter to teach your horse to be more gymnastic with his stride but about 34 ft is standard another kind of In-N-Out that you'll almost never see in the showring but that is a really good training exercise is called a bounce a bounce is a series of two fences short distance in between where the horse jumps the First Fence lands and then rapidly jumps the second fence without taking a single stride in between another way you can use an In-N-Out is to teach a Greener horse or or a Greener Rider to jump a higher fence than they're used to jumping on a regular basis I like to set this exercise up with a cross rail first the cross rail is a lower sized fence that gives the horse the exact straightness to the second jump the reason why we train a horse to jump a larger fence from an In-N-Out is because the In-N-Out will perfectly place the hores one stride between the two elements without the Radder having to find the distance in addition to jumping the higher fence common mistakes in setting Inn outs are to set the in- and out with a larger fence to a smaller fence you always want to build smaller to larger so the horse can learn to jump the bigger jump in a way that makes him confident if you set it too long the horse will struggle to get out over the second part the B part of the element and it will cause the horse to become afraid of In-N-Outs n

  Top Comments:
  1. @Horsecrazyforever92: I used to and will be going to Leap of Faith Farms!!! I know Nicole! She's aweome! :D Best trainer ever!

- Never swim in this Australian river: Kind: captions Language: en today's story is about a real life nightmare that occurred on a thin stretch of black water in Northern Australia this particular story has inspired two fairly popular horror movies from 2007 they are Blackwater and Rogue but before we get into today's story if you're a fan of the strange dark and mysterious delivered in story format and you come to the right place because that's all we do and we upload one or two times every week so if that's of interest to you the next time the like button asks for a snack offer to get them one and then proceed to heat up a cup o noodles in the microwave for about 77 minutes and then serve it to them in a flimsy paper cup also please subscribe to our Channel and turn on all notifications so you don't miss any of our weekly uploads all right let's get into today's [Music] story at 11:40 a.m. on December 21st 20 3 three young men who were longtime childhood friends hopped in a truck and began traveling south they were 22-year-old Brett Mann and 19-year-olds Shawn blowers and Ashley McGuff they lived in a coastal city called Darwin which is actually the capital of the Northern Territory in Australia the Northern Territory also known as the top end is located in the Central north of the continent it is six times larger than the UK but has 280 times less people living in it specifically the UK is home to roughly 70 million people whereas the top end is home to only 250,000 people and half of them live in Darwin there are many reasons why the top end is so underpopulated ranging from politics to poor infrastructure but the most obvious reason that so few people choose to live in this part of Australia is because it is wildly rugged and dangerous it is scorchingly hot year round and the weather in general is just unbelievably predictable and violent and as the old saying goes all the animals there are trying to kill you and each other but Brett Shawn and Ashley had grown up in Darwin and so they were accustomed to the hazards of living in the top end and so they weren't really concerned about them what they were concerned with was finding things to do and not getting bored in the city that particular day in order to ward off boredom the trio had decided they would head out to a Salt Flat that was located about 50 Mi to the southwest of Darwin it was this wide open plane that they could just race around on their quad bikes on and so they loaded these quad bikes into their trailer attached it to their truck they hopped in their truck and at 11:40 a.m. they started heading south out of Darwin the first road they were on was this fairly desolate dirt road that wound around through the Wilderness and it passed by the iconic eucalyptus trees that are very well known in Australia it passed by palm trees and giant termite mounds and after driving on this dirt road for about 30 minutes the Trio passed by the tumbling Waters Holiday Park which is a vacation resort for adventurous families and then beyond this park there really was no more civilization they were headed right into the Outback of Australia and so this was kind of like the last Mark of civilization and so the trio they drive for another 30 minutes past the park and at some point all of the trees on either side of the road start getting more and more dense until they begin kind of encroaching over the road as if it looks like you're driving directly through the heart of a jungle and they would have recognized this change in scenery as meaning they were nearing the finis river which was off to the right beyond all of the trees so they couldn't see it but they knew they were close and the finis river was not a huge Waterway it was a 30 mile stretch that ran east to west through the top end and what it was known for was being very brackish and dark you could not see into this water more than maybe an inch or two so it almost appeared black and so the trio continued driving along through this kind of jungle atmosphere until the left side of the road began to thin out again and then it eventually revealed the Salt Flats up to their left and so at that point the trio pulled off on the right side of the road where the vegetation was still very thick and then the trio hopped out of the truck they went around to their trailer they dropped the gate and one by one they pulled their quad bikes off and then each of them hopped on and drove out onto the flats that day the flats were actually very muddy because it had recently rained really really heavy in that area and so the trio spent just as much time racing each other on the flats as they did trying to drive close to each other and spray mud on each other and so for hours they were out there having a great time and then at 4:30 p.m. they decided it was time to call it a day and so they drove back over to the truck they drove their quad bikes up onto the trailer they locked it and then they were about to get into the truck to head back home when one of them suggested hey let's head down to the water and rinse our clothes off and get all this mud off of us now you need to understand in the top end the place you want to spend the least amount of time in is the water people in the top end assume that in any natural water body that is not clearly designated as a swimming area has at least one animal lurking in it that will kill you this is a literal precaution people in the top end take and so this section of the finis river that these three friends were thinking about going and jumping into and washing off inside of this was not a clearly designated swimming area and so it should be avoided but you need to remember these three guys they grew up in the top end they were used to living in this kind of wild area and they had also come to the Salt Flats so many times over the years and they had jumped into the finis river before to wash off and go swimming and nothing had ever happened and so really the idea that the finis river could be dangerous to them it didn't really cross their mind they felt like you know what we've been there done that nothing's going to happen to us and and so they left the truck and walked away from the Salt Flats into this mangrove forest that's only a couple of feet off the road and began walking towards this River normally the trip from the road through the forest to the river bank basically where the forest ended and you reach the river it would take about 10 minutes but after walking in this Mangrove for maybe a minute they were already standing in riverwater it was only a couple of inches of this water but it signaled to the guys that clearly the river is very swollen from all of the recent rains enough so that it overflowed Beyond its natural boundaries and it's flooded the mangrove forest but the three guys they look at each other and think me what's the big deal I'm sure we'll be fine and so the guys continued Moving on but as the mangroves began to thin out they began to slow down dramatically because the river banks on the edges of the finis river were very very steep if you were standing on dry land if there was no flooding and you were right on the edge of the Finish River if you took even one or two steps into the river you would slip down under the water and the water would be over your head now as these guys are walking because the ground is flooded with this black brackish water they couldn't see the ground and so they couldn't tell where the drop off into the river was and so they began to slow down and then when all the trees were practically gone they knew they were close and then one of them actually slipped and kind of tumbled down the edge for a second but he turned and he grabbed one of the roots of the mangrove tree and pulled himself back up and then the other two after seeing this they walked over and stood next to him and the trio just stood there looking out at this pitch black looking river that was very clearly moving faster than normal because of all this excess rain but they kind of looked at each other and thought you know what it's not that big of a deal you know we'll hold on to the roots of these mangroves and lower ourselves over the embankment we'll wash ourselves off pull ourselves back up no big deal and so they each turned around and grabbed a root of one of the many mangrove trees that marked the edge of this forest and while holding on they would lower their lower half down past the embankment until they were submerged they rubbed all the mud off of themselves being very careful not to let go of the mangrove at any point and then as they were about to finish up and pull themselves back up and get back to their truck Brett loses his balance and somehow lets go of the mangrove route and slips down the Steep embankment and suddenly the current takes him away from his friends and out to the middle of this River before long he's getting pulled Downstream and so he yells out to Ashley and Shawn who had their backs turned to him they turn around they see their friend and they instinctively leap into the river to try to go get him and help swim him back to the side now all three of them were very competent swimmers and so this was not a high panic situation this was more like a inconvenience and maybe a little bit funny and so that's why they leftt in no problem they figured you know worst case scenario is we'll drift somewhere down there and we'll get out and we'll walk our way back to our car but but as soon as Shawn and Ashley were free floating In this River they felt how strong this current was and it was way stronger than they were anticipating and so they actually started to get a little bit worried and they looked up ahead of them and Brett who had been in the water for you know 10 or 15 seconds before they leapt in he had already moved way farther Downstream than them and so they decided you know what we have to get out but we need to get to Brett first we all need to get out at the same place and so they decide they're going to swim Downstream meet up with Brett and then get the heck out of that River as fast as they possibly can and so they yell out to Brett to hey we're coming to get you and they start swimming as fast as they possibly can and with the help of the current they manag to get all the way up to Brett relatively quickly maybe a couple of minutes and when they reach him Shawn and Ashley go in front of Brett and then the three of them they stop actively swimming and they allow the current to just kind of carry them Downstream and as they're drifting they begin scouting the left side of the river for a solid clump of mangrove trees they can swim into Because unless there's something to grab onto on the edge of this River they can't pull themselves out and so at this point the trio is definitely uncomfortable being in the water because of how strong that current is but they're confident they're going to find a viable landing spot and they're going to get out of here and it will be a great story and so Shawn is in the front Ashley is right behind him and then Brett is behind Ashley and they're all about an arms length away from each other and they're drifting down this River for a couple of minutes they're looking on the left side for a viable landing spot and then all of the sudden Ashley just yells out hey I seen something in the water we need to get out find the nearest tree get out get out get out and so Shawn he starts panicking he doesn't even turn around to see what's going on behind him adrenaline kicks in and he swims as fast as he possibly can to a tree that's popped out of the river it's literally growing in the middle of the river and so he swims up to this tree he manages to climb up to the first Fork of the tree which is maybe 6 or 8 ft above the water and as soon as he's up there he turns around and looks down and he sees Ashley he reaches down and he hoists Ashley up to the first fork with him and then the pair turn around again to grab Brett but Brett's not there and so they look around they're thinking okay did Brett not make it to the tree did the current pull him around is he at some other tree you know they're yelling out for him they're looking for him but there's no Brett and so they're talking to each other Ashley and Sean they're saying hey did you did he call out did you hear something did he did he give some indication about where he was going and they're saying no I I don't know where he is and so they start climbing up the tree a little bit and trying to look down and up the river to see if maybe they can see him and then all of a sudden Shawn notices something yellow flash beneath them in the water and so he looks straight down and he sees this yellow thing down there and so he nudges Ashley and he says look and so Ashley looks down and as they're looking they're about 10t off the water at this point they see this yellow thing start rising up to the surface now the water is so dark they really can't tell what anything is unless it is at the surface and so they're watching this yellow thing and suddenly it comes out of the water and they see it's Brett he's got his yellow jacket on that's what they saw and Brett is in the mouth of a 13 foot long saltwater crocodile he is face down and his left side is being held in this animal's mouth and he's not moving and so Shawn and Ashley are so scared they're just Frozen they're just staring at this monster that's in the water that's holding their friend underwater and they can't do anything about it and for 2 minutes they just stand there looking at this animal wondering what's going to happen and for those entire 2 minutes the crocodile stared right back up at Ashley and Shawn as if it was showing them what it was going to do to them once they got in the water that I've done this to your friend I'm getting you to as well and so they're staring at this animal when suddenly it just kind of goes underneath the water back down into the black abyss and it along with Brett just disappear Ashley and Shawn are so terrified that they can't even grieve for their friend they can't feel sad for him it's like they just into survival mode and without saying anything to each other they just start climbing up this tree as fast and as far as they possibly can and they only manage to get up maybe a couple more feet to two more branches one's at about 10 or 12 feet off the water and the other is at about 15t off the water and so Shawn makes it onto the lower branch and then Ashley makes it onto the slightly higher branch and then once they're situated on their branch and one arm is firmly wrapped around the trunk of the tree they're able to kind of breathe for a second and take stock of their situation and even though so of course the elephant in the room here is that their friend was just eaten by a crocodile but it's like they can't process that yet instead they start talking about okay well our families they're going to recognize our absence and they're going to tell the police and the police are going to launch a search and they're going to come find us both of them were confident or they acted confident that that was going to happen but they also knew that there was no timeline for this it could be hours or days until this actually happened and so as these two teens are sitting on their branches the real ity of their situation really started to come crashing down on them because yeah they're safe in this tree but how long can they possibly stay in this tree for I mean eventually they're going to need to fall asleep and if they fall asleep are they going to fall out of the tree and land in the water with this crocodile I mean they just didn't know how this was going to turn out and so as the two began comforting each other you know reassuring each other that oh no it's going to be just fine someone's going to find us tonight or tomorrow we'll be just fine as they're doing that Ashley suddenly stops talking to Shawn and just looks straight down and so Shawn realizes what Ashley's doing and he matches his gaze and he looks straight down and at the base of their tree in that black water is the 13t long saltwater crocodile it's back and it no longer has Bret in its mouth they have no idea where Brad is he's just gone saltwater crocodiles are considered the most aggressive and dangerous crocodiles in the world and they are one of only two crocodile species that will actively hunt humans when given a chance and so these two teens are helpless in this tree all they have is some separation from the black water and this animal down below and so they just find themselves staring straight down at this crocodile and in turn this crocodile just stares right back up at them it's very clearly waiting for them it wants them to come out of the tree so it can eat them and so the crocodile just continuously repositions itself all around the tree it's just keeping the top of its head out of the the water so its eyes can look up at them and so the teens are just praying that at some point it will grow tired of them and will leave and after several hours right as the sun is about to set this crocodile does seem to give up on them and it drifts under the water and disappears after a couple of minutes Shawn who was on the slightly lower Branch decides he doesn't want to be any closer to the water than he needs to be and he's going to climb up to Ashley's branch and so he very carefully stands up on his Branch he makes sure he's got solid footing and then he reaches up and he grabs a branch with his right hand and he kind of tests it and he feels like it's pretty sturdy and then he puts all his weight on it and tries to reach for another Branch when this one breaks and as soon as that Branch broke Shawn tumbled 10 ft into the water and so he hits the water he goes all the way under he sinks a few feet under and immediately he's turned around and he's trying to swim as fast as he can to the surface and he's just expecting it any moment this crocodile is going to bite him he gets to the surface and he looks around it's a little bit dark but he can immediately see see his tree and he realizes the current has pulled him away from his tree and so in a panic he starts swimming and kicking his legs as hard as he possibly can to get back to this tree and he knows the whole time he's kicking his legs he's just attracting the attention of this crocodile but he's got nothing else he can do he's got no other tree he can reasonably get to that will provide safety from this animal and so with every ounce of energy he's got he kicks and swims and finally he manages to grab a root of this tree that his friend is still inside of and he begins pulling himself with his lower half still submerged in the water and so as he's dragging himself towards the trunk of this tree he's just waiting for this crocodile to bite down in his legs and finally he gets to the trunk of the tree and he's able to pull his body out of the water and he clambers up to that original Branch he was on and then he and Ashley work to get him up to Ashley's branch and as soon as he sits down next to Ashley and he's secure they both look down and just a little ways away from the tree basically in the area where Shawn had just landed in the water they see with the little light that is left this crocodile swimming right back over to the tree and it camps out right underneath Shawn had gotten out just in time when the Sun finally did set about 10 or 15 minutes later it became pitch black there's no ambient light in this part of the world there aren't any buildings or cities close enough to this area and so it is truly pitch black and so they could no longer see the crocodile down below but but they knew it was there because periodically they would hear it repositioning itself right underneath them also because it was so dark the two teens could not actually see each other and so they began holding on to each other and then anytime either of them moved they would announce their movement to the other just so they knew they had not fallen asleep and were not falling out of the tree to a horrible death and so a few hours went by like this where it was Silence with the exception of the sounds of this crocodile repositioning itself periodically a little after midnight a huge storm rolled into this area and it began absolutely downpouring and the raindrops that were hitting the river were so loud that the teens could no longer hear the sound of this crocodile and so they had no idea if it was still down below them or not but every time lightning would strike it would illuminate the sky for that flash of a second and in that flash they would look down and there would be the crocodile after several hours of this super intense downpour the two teens also started to become concerned that all this additional rain could raise the water level of the river all the way up high enough that this crocodile might be able to jump out and reach their legs but because it was so dark they couldn't actually see the top of the water and so they had no way of knowing if the water levels were actually rising or not and so they both kind of sucked their legs up onto this branch and tried to make themselves as small as they could while still remaining anchored to each other and also to the branch and that's how they sat for the next several hours just hoping they would survive the night finally when the sun came up that following morning the teens immediately noticed that the crocodile was still right below them just lurking at the base of the tree waiting for them and they also noticed the water level of the river had clearly come up quite a bit and so if they weren't rescued soon there was a good chance that another heavy rainstorm that crocodile would be in range of them and there was nowhere they could go they were as high up as they could get not to mention the fact they were hypothermic they were weak they were tired and if you fall asleep you're going to fall in the water and so the two teens they knew they did not have much time left luckily at 10:00 a.m. that morning they heard the sound of a police officer who was out in the mangrove forest it turned out their families had recognized their absence they had called the police and that morning a search had been launched they had found their truck and then had been walking down the river yelling out to them and then they finally did find them initially when when they located these two teens stuck in the tree they called in a helicopter to hover over them and lower down a ladder that could climb back up but when the helicopter got close to this tree the rotor wash from the spinning blades it practically blew the boys out of the tree and this crocodile was still in the Water The Rescuers could see it the boys could still see it and so there was this fear that the helicopter would literally send them into the water to their death and so they had to abandon the helicopter approach however the blades of that helicopter did ultimately scare this crocodile and the crocodile swam away and so as soon as the helicopter was off station they had a boat come in and the boat got right underneath the two boys they jumped down into it and they were brought to safety the two boys were brought to a hospital where doctors determined they were physically okay but both of them were severely traumatized from what they had just been through as for Brett despite an exhaustive search of that River they never found his body or any of his clothing or any belongings he had on him and they never found the crocodile that killed him so that's going to do it guys if you found the secret in today's episode let us know in the comment section what it is and where you found it so give us the timestamp and if you're the first to do that we'll pin you at the top of the comment section if you got something out of today's episode and you haven't done this already the next time the like button asks for a snack offer to give them one and proceed to heat up a cup o noodles in the microwave for about 77 minutes and then serve it to them in a flimsy paper cup also please subscribe to our Channel and turn on all our weekly one or two video uploads we are now selling merchandise like flannels and hats and sweatshirts and all sorts of stuff if you're interested go to shopmr band.com if you want to learn about upcoming deals and promotions for our shop go to our Shop's Instagram page the username is shop Mr Ballin if you want to get in touch with me you can direct message me on Instagram or on Twitter my user name is the same for both platforms it's just Mr Ballin I also have a ton of content over on Tik Tok where my username is also Mr Ballin we have a second YouTube channel just called Mr Ballin shorts where we post random short videos and lost episodes we also have a Facebook page just called Mr Ballin where we post condensed versions of the longer episodes you see on YouTube if you have a story suggestion please submit it to our subreddit just called Mr Ballin it's linked in the description below so whether I see you on Instagram Twitter Tik Tok Reddit YouTube Facebook or some combination just know that I really appreciate your support and until next time that's going to do it see you

  Top Comments:
  1. @archstanton1161 [12000 likes]: 8:01 Michael Myers top right corner
  2. @Dragon-Dane [1 likes]: You are a fantastic storyteller - thankyou!!
  3. @PRNTproductions [1 likes]: Real question.......... Do you know how to get to Bell's Canyon?
  4. @basketcas3717: God this story gave me anxiety
  5. @UltraAtomic1: Damn that's wild
  6. @espiritualme2048: Jesus this Man can speak no stop!!!
  7. @tinkrbellsphone: You never swim in ANY river in Australia.
  8. @orakelgottes: none of them carried anything with them, no shotgun, no rifle, not even a sidearm while roaming around the woods? even the weakest 22 cal will scare away the croc without a doubt, My heart goes out to Brett and his family, may this be a lesson for all of us to take a more serious precaution ahead of anything
  9. @katiefogarty6350: I'm an Aussie and my opinion is that Mr Ballen is an absolute Baller 💎💯
Thanks for including us 🦘🌏
  10. @sandhaninc: No accounting for people's stupidity!
  11. @KylePirko: I don’t understand why they wouldn’t rip strips from their clothing and make fasteners for their wrists around the tree and each other?
  12. @KylePirko: 14:48 Brett’s body, at that moment was stuffed into a small underwater crevice that is formed by either rocks or tree roots. This is to soften up the body. Or “marinate” it before ripping it apart to consume it.
  13. @ParkviewProductions: Just never go to Australia, it's a pretty country but in truth, generally speaking it's just horrible.
  14. @sueg8746: If these boys lived in the top end they should have known better than to go in the water. You can never go swimming in the rivers here. Either the crocs will take you or the river currents will.
  15. @miss_winterbottom: Just to be clear we chose to keep our crocodiles, so as an Australian I know all about them, anyone silly enough to get physically involved with an Australian salt water crocodile has my sympathy but not my respect, we all know that these animals are apex predators in their habitat and anyone caught in their habitat is fair game for a croc, if you ever visit Australia understand this somewhat diabolical fact and you will not end up on a crocodiles menu,
  16. @susanwillson6672: Salties make great pets!
  17. @KHANAGE1311: I would of made a run for it when the croc had a mouthful of my mate.
A Croc will camp out for a week to get you.
Crocodiles wake up every day and choose violence. 
They are no joke.
  18. @guylayman9298: If it wasn't for Australian woman it's not worth it
  19. @StrontiumDog-2kAD: Never swim in Ozz full stop.
  20. @Ballygirl886: I would think they would know better since they lived there but I think it’s just that young people really believe nothing bad is going to happen. 😓

- The Horrifying Story Behind the Popelick Monster...: Kind: captions Language: ja ポープリック橋、すぐ後ろ。 鉄橋に潜む… 怪物の物語です。 不気味に見えないが、 この橋では二十人近く が亡くなっています。 デイトン在住ロ ケル・ベイン、 昨夜列車にはねられ死亡。 ポープリック・モ ンスターと呼ばれ る怪物のせいだと 言う人もいます。 ヤギのような二 本足にひづめ、 鋭い角、 突き刺すような黄色い目。 悪霊の仕業だと言 う人もいます。 2人亡くなった。 だが、この橋で何が？ 要するに、 現役の線路なんです。 で、これを見た感じ、 正直、 それを知らなかったら、 僕も… 渡ろうとしちゃ うと思います。 つまり、 どうなるかっていうと、 半分くらいまで歩い て行くんですよ。 心霊調査とかして、 カッコいい写真を 撮ったりして。 すると… 列車が来る音が… で、多分、 反対側まで走って逃げよ うとするでしょうね。 スリルを求める。 絶対間に合わない。 間に合わない。 絶対… だから僕たちは… 走り抜けたりはしません。 誰も渡っちゃダメだ！ ポープリックに取 り憑かれると、 走らされるらしいよ。 今のところ、 誰も渡りたがらないね。 物語は、 あるカップルが 橋の下を車で走 っていたところから始まる。 突然、 半人半ヤギの怪物が現れ、 車に飛び乗りドア を引きちぎった！ これが実際に起きた 証拠は全くない。 だが物語は続き、 この怪物は人々を橋 の上におびき寄せ、 最終的に列車にはねられて 死なせてしまうという。 悲しいことに、 これは何度も、 何度も実際に起きている。 だが、なぜ？ 昼間のうちに、 この橋の周りを徹 底的に調べて、 その裏に隠され た本当の物語を 突き止めたいと思ったんだ。 おい、最高の雰囲気だろ。 なんていうか… 少し霧が出てて。 空は… 真っ白だ。 それに… カラスが… 飛び回ってる。 まず大きな疑問なんだけど、 昔、別の橋のところに… 実際にヤギがいたんだよな。 ヤギは… いるのか？ うわ、うわ、うわ。 待って、あれは… 聞いて、 もう一匹いる。 みんな、こっち来て。 あれ、ヤギ？ それともシカ？ まあ、多分シカだろ。 シカだと思う。 だが足の間隔が広い… 足が長かったようだ。 この足跡を追ってみようぜ。 ここ、ここ… ここ。 おお、すごい。 シカとヤギの正確な違い はよく分からないな。 調べてみるよ。 マジか、ヤギの足跡だ。 シカじゃなくて、 ヤギの足跡だ。 マジかよ、おい。 別の方向を見つけた。 いや、 こいつはこっちに行った。 ああ、同じだ。 輪を描いて歩いただけ。 なるほど。 何を中心に輪を描いた？ 魔法陣でも？ 神か。 まさかここで。 ヤギがいるか確認しろ。 いなきゃゴートマンだ。 ケンタッキー州に ヤギはいるか？ はい、 ヤギはいます。 じゃあ… 五分五分だな。 ポープリックか… 野生のヤギだ。 ヤギか。 野生のヤギ？ 不吉な兆候。 兆候。 不吉なサインばっかりだな、 おい。 ヤギの足跡、救急車、 カラス… アンドリュー。 不吉な兆候だ。 いや、冗談だよ。 それは悪い兆候だ。 多分、地味に。 アンドリューがいたら、 何か悪いことが起きるぞ。 基本的な話はすでに 知っていましたが、 僕が知りたかったのは、 もっと詳しいこと、 そして何が起こ っているのか、 なぜ多くの人が橋に行くのか という本当の理由でした。 そこで、 橋の周りにいる人たちに、 どう思うか聞き始めました。 よし、じゃあ… 通りの真向かいに来た。 橋が見えるだろ… あそこ。 ガソリンスタンドへ。 ここで働いてる人なら、 何か知ってるはず。 すぐそこだから。 そのまま撮ってて。 文字通りすぐそこだ。 今、橋が見える。 あれで救急車五台目か？ 一体どうなってんだ？ すみません。 ポープリック橋と、 ポープリック・モン スターとかについ てのビデオを撮っ てるんですけど。 何かご存知だっ たりしますか？ それとも、あまり？ 知らん。 全然。 クローガーで聞いてみて。 分かった。 そうする。 ありがとう。 ンスターや橋、 何か面白い話は？ ええと、まあ、 女の子の話から始 まったんですよ。 数年前に… ある女の子がね、 あそこの線路を度胸試 しで渡ろうとして、 残念ながら転落死し てしまったんです。 それで、まあ、その… 噂がかなり広まってね、 当時は。 ええ。 もっとね。 あそこの店員、 すごくクールで面白いし、 知ってるよ。 ちょうどあそこで… お酒の試飲してきたから。 最高。 僕らもそうする。 いや、いや、 本当は入りたくな かったんだけど… でも… 試飲しなきゃい けないならね。 何かの… テイスティング は大事だから。 力だな。 ああ。 ンスターについ てるんですが、 この話について何 かご存知ですか？ ゴートマンのことかい？ はい。 ご存知ですか？ ああ、妻は知ってるけど、 話の半分も覚えてないな… でも、 どうやらこの下の鉄橋のあ たりに住んでたらしい。 帽子屋のところでね。 4年くらい前に誰か が見たらしいんだ。 で、 この辺で道路工事 が始まった時に、 どこか別の場所に行ったっ ていう伝説があるんだ。 彼の… 視覚的なイメージを見たよ。 誰かが描いた… 絵みたいなやつ。 結構カッコよかったよ。 あまり多くの人は… 知らないんですかね？ 何人かに聞きましたけど、 そんなに、 そんなにでもなくて。 多くの人は何も知ら ないみたいだね。 そう、本当に。 まあ、私は。 ええ、ええ。 詳しいことまでは、 俺もよく分からんのだ。 そもそも、 一体どこから始まったのか、 それすらも定かじゃないな。 渡ろうなんて思うな。 言っとくけど、 ここまでついてくるかもな。 言っとくけど、気をつけな。 本当に、気をつけな。 君たちじゃなく、 他の誰かがやられる かもしれないが、 本当に気をつけな。 なぜなら… 外には、 サディスティックな 何かがいるからだ。 夜の世界には何か が潜んでいる。 だが我々は寝ているから、 それが何なのか 知らないんだ。 いつもはこういう 場所に行くと、 もっと多くの人がその話 を知っているんですが、 今回は… そうではありませんでした。 そこで自分で調べて、 主な仮説を見つけました。 一つ目は、 半人半ヤギの姿をした物 理的な怪物が実在し、 人々を線路におびき寄 せているという説。 二つ目は、悪霊が… 人々に取り憑き… 線路へ向かわせる説。 あるいは、 僕らで解明しよ うとしている、 別の説があるの かもしれない。 まず、 何を探すべきか知 る必要がある。 それをはっきりさせ るため一度戻った。 これまでの… 目撃情報から、 ゴートマンの… 特徴が分かってる。 描いてみる？ 割れたひづめを持ち… 見る者に… 恐怖と好奇心を抱かせる… 忘れがたい姿。 人の声を真似る ことができる。 催眠術で人々を鉄橋の 上におびき寄せる。 脂ぎった毛皮に 覆われている。 鋭く伸びた角、 そして青白い額が特徴だ。 待て、脂ぎった毛皮？ 油塗ってる？ よし、どっちから？ ちょっと見たいだけ。 その… ヤギ、乳出る？ これが正体だ。 これがゴートマン。 目か？ いや、頭の片側だ。 トミー、見せて。 見える？ これ、 魔法の五芒星みたいだろ？ そう、 これが探してたやつだ。 嘘だけどね。 もっといい絵、載せるよ。 これは、 ヤギのような怪物が人々を橋 におびき寄せているという、 仮説の一つを説明 したものでした。 しかし、 橋に留まる悪霊の仕業だ と考える人もいました。 そこで、橋自体に行く前に、 その二つを検証する ことにしました。 アンドリューとトミーは 橋の下で怪物を探し、 僕とイーサンは 心霊調査グッズ を持って森へ向かいました。 よし、じゃあ今から… いくつかの仮説 を検証します。 トミーとアンドリュ ーとは別行動で、 彼らは今、橋の下にいます。 僕らは、 ある説を検証しに行きます… それは… ゴートマンはこの辺り にいたヤギ飼いで、 死にたくなかったと… 信じられています。 不死身になりたくて、 たくさんのヤギを… サタンに捧げ… そして、 サタンは彼に不死 を与えたけど、 ゴート… マンとして、ってことかな。 だから、心霊調査グッズが… 彼に使えるかもしれない。 それで、さっき… ヤギの足跡を見つけた場 所に戻ってきました。 で、ヤギの鳴き真似をして… ヤギを… おびき寄せてみます。 ゴートマンの霊よ… あなたの森にいる我 々の前に姿を現せ… よし。 この… 未確認生物というか… 伝説というか、 呼び方は何でもいいけど、 知ってる人は… そんなに多くない。 だから、 もし君が俺たちにヤバ い答えとかくれたら、 君のこと、 もっと多くの人が知る ようになるかもよ。 - ちょっとかっこいいだろ。 謎めいてるけど。 ポープリック、お前か？ 英語話す？ おい、違うだろ。 おい… ああ、まあ、 近いっちゃ近いか。 変な韓国語みたいだな。 おい、黙れよ。 違う。 よし、 スピリットボックス を試してみよう。 何か聞こえるか確認しつつ… あれにも注意して。 この森に俺たち以 外の霊はいるか？ 咳しただけだ。 全然聞こえなかった。 「去れ」って聞こえた。 出ていけってことか？ 急げ。 なぜだ？ なぜ？ 何？ はっきりしろ。 待て？ 何を待つんだ？ 行動。 行動？ 行動？… どんな行動？ 一歩ずつ？ おい、なんか音が聞こえて、 そしたら「森からの音 」って言ったんだ。 そう聞こえた。 まさか。 もしここにいるなら、 レムポッドを鳴らせるか？ 棒に触るか、 近くを歩くだけでいい。 無理か？ 今「ハロー」って言ったぞ。 朝ふたり死ぬ。 じゅうにんが死ぬ。 ふたり。 ふたり？ 朝にはふたり死んでいる。 どのふたりだ？ 友好的？ 友達？ 友達。 俺の、俺たちの友達か。 名前は何だ？ よし、それで… 今、まさに橋の… 真下にいる。 見ての通り。 俺たちの友達に… どうするんだ？ 危害。 「人に危害」って聞こ えた気もするけど、 気のせいかも。 俺もそう聞こえた。 どの友達に危害を？ 誰が死んだんだ？ 誰か？ ジョナサン。 ギャビン。 名前聞こえた。 え、 俺は全く聞こえなかったよ。 ここに霊がいるのか？ 「黙れ」って聞こえたか、 今？ どうだろうな。 この橋について何か知って おくべきことはあるか？ 女。 女たち？ マジで言うけど、 これで聞いた中で一番 ヤバい言葉だった。 今これはラジオの周波数 をスキャンしてるんだ。 各局に留まるのは… 1秒もなくて、 俺が一番速いスキップレ ートに設定してるから。 だから「朝にはふた り死んでいる」み たいな長い文章が 聞こえるなんて… マジでヤバい。 そんなことありえ ないはずなんだ。 マジでピンポイントで… ーはヤギみたいな 生き物は見つけら れなかったけど、 俺とイーサンはラジオ でヤバい声を拾った。 でも正直、 それだけじゃ完全 に信じられない。 だから答えを求めて、 ついに橋へ向かう ことにしたんだ。 誰か死んでる… 待って、この棒は… これが最新かもな。 ああ、2019年のやつだ。 うわ、悲しすぎる。 翼はあったのに、 心がダメだった。 おい、なんか… 車が… かなり古い車があるぞ。 ああ、これはすごい。 ゴートマンの最初 の目撃情報は、 車？ 車を襲ったって話だったな。 マジで？ そこにバンパーがある。 おい、 前に見せたあれやろうぜ、 ほら、怖い話のやつ。 「ふたりの男が… 怖い暗い森に入りました。 ここに化け物がい ないといいな、 とひとりが言いました。 その時、化け物が出てきて、 彼らを食べまし た」ってやつ。 森の奥深くへと進み、 何度か道に迷いながらも、 俺たちはついにあの線路 までたどり着いたんだ。 あそこが あの有名な橋だ。 ポープリック橋だ。 ああ、 マジで気をつけないと。 なんか… 本当にヤバい感じがする。 特に… 何も見えないからな。 じゃあ、橋を見てみよう。 俺を呼んでる気がする。 よし、じゃあこの… おい、お前、 り憑かれてるぞ。 かもな。 できるって言われて、 ついその気に。 違うって。 ただの衝動だ。 俺だってそうなる。 おい、ポープリックより、 その衝動の方が心配だよ。 イーサン、来るぞ！ うわ、あれは…。 これは… ヤバいな。 橋の上に行こうぜ。 ちょっとだけな。 ポープリックに 憑かれてるぞ。 おい、帰る前にやらないと。 ギャビン、離れるな。 すごく不気味だな。 分かるだろ。 俺もすごく、 先に行きたくなる。 一歩進むたび、 もう一歩踏み出したくなる。 ポープリックのせい。 冷静に。 それで屈したら、「ああ、 もうダメだ」となる。 そのサンダルも 呪われてるぞ。 - それは最悪だ。 ちょっと想像してみて、 真ん中にこう… こんな感じで立っててさ。 向こうから電車が 来るのが見えて、 「うわ、 この上を走らなき ゃ」ってなる。 で、気を… うわっ。 慎重に端っこに行くんだ。 あれにしがみつく のはきついな。 指の力いる。 おい、これ、どう思う？ 大勢の人がここに来て… 俺たちと同じこ とをしたんだ。 - 敬意を払って… あまり… 先には行かないでおく。 はるか下だ。 マジだ。 高い。 すごく高い。 高さ九十フィートだ。 マジで、冗談抜きで、 このまま歩き続け たい気分なんだ。 なんか、 もうちょっと先ま で行けるって。 分かる。 大丈夫だ。 分かるよ、おい。 あいつらすぐそこだ。 この隙間がどれだけ 広いか見てみろよ、 走ってて… うわ、マジでビビった。 今の光見たか？ 俺… 見たよな？ おい、光が見えた。 マジで。 光が見えたんだ。 え、どんな光？ 懐中電灯。 そうだった。 ああ、でも光源っていうか、 光線みたいな、 そういう感じのものが、 - 分かるかな？ いや、光そのものだ。 誰かが線路を猛ス ピードで来たら、 どうする？ それは怖すぎる。 誰か来てるかも。 光だ。 あそこに光がある。 光見てる場合か？ この音は何だ？ お前ら、何かいる… 聞こえるか？ あの超高音、 はっきり聞こえたか？ ああ、聞こえた。 電車が来てるのか？ マジか。 やべっ。 撮って… めちゃくちゃ速かった。 俺が… まさか来るとは。 速すぎる。 来るなんて知らなかった。 30秒も… かからずに来たぞ。 しがみつく時間すらない。 ぶら下がる時間も。 マジで鳥肌が立った。 ああ、あれは怖かった。 おい、「お、 聞こえるぞ」ってな ってから「よし、 逃げる時間はあるな」っ て感じだと思ってた。 - 違う、おい、 聞こえた瞬間に、 もう来てるんだ。 聞こえてここに降りた らもう来てたんだ。 本当に、聞こえて… ここに降りたら… もう目の前だったんだ。 信じられない。 線路からなんとかどく のがやっとだった。 そうだよ。 橋に向かって来始めた時、 時速50マイルは 出てたはずだ。 しがみついてたんだぞ？ 彼女はまだしがみついてて、 彼はただ友達を見てたんだ。 そう、彼女を。 彼女が死んだんだ。 マジかよ…。 怖すぎる。 電車の速さは本当 に恐ろしかった。 俺たちは今、 この場所の真の恐怖と、 多くの人がそうで あったように、 橋の上に出てしまうと いう罠にどれほど簡単 に陥ってしまうかを身 をもって理解した。 それで、 一番最初は17歳 の少年だった。 マジで… ふたりに度胸試しで渡るよ うそそのかされたんだ。 それは想像できない。 高校生なら絶対やっ てたバカなことだ。 でも、別に… それに、 彼を責めることなん てできないだろ。 ああ、それで、その次だ。 その次は二十数年後で、 その男は落ちたけ ど助かったんだ。 その一年後、 ジョン・ケネス・リストと いう男性が亡くなった。 さらにその一年後… デイビッドという十九歳 の少年が亡くなった。 また一年後… 毎年だよ。 本当にヤバいな。 本当にすごいよな… 一九六八年から今まで、 実に半世紀以上もずっ と続いているんだ。 こんなにも長い間、 この悲劇が続いてるなんて、 正直信じられないよ。 一体いつになったら、 この悲惨な状況に何らかの対 策が講じられるんだろうか。 でも、なんで渡るんだよ、 理由なんてないだろ。 スリルのためだろ。 俺たちがやってること。 絶対消えない。 対策もされない。 だろうな。 幽霊とか怪物とか、 そういうのはある程 度信じてるけど、 ポープリック・モンスタ ーがいるとは思わない。 噂が独り歩きして、 調査に来た人たちが死んで、 それでさらに噂が 大きくなって、 その繰り返しなんだと思う。 トミーが俺よりうま くまとめてくれた。 絶対に、 この橋を渡らな いでください。 ここで亡くなった多くの方々 のご冥福をお祈りします。 彼らの多くは、 この謎を解き明かそうと、 俺と同じ情熱と好奇心 を持っていました。 絶対にこの橋には行 かないでください。

  Top Comments:
  1. @GroovyGavin [1400 likes]: Guys I just wanted to comment once again NO ONE should ever cross this bridge, we barely went out far out of respect and because there would have been a veryyyy high chance that the train came. There used to be a safty area in the middle of the bridge but they took it off to discourage people from crossing
  2. @donalddeluxe6407 [2 likes]: "you gotta shut up, man." i literally laughed hard hearing that from a spirit.
  3. @T.Lord.B [1 likes]: Great Video really
  4. @rokovisa [1 likes]: Wait wait when it said 2 people were dead in the morning i instantly thought of the two friends down at the bridge
  5. @MassanisAnjing [1 likes]: I don't believe in ghosts, I only believe there are genies in this world
  6. @CestoViny: ❤❤
  7. @mikemcmillan6611: That’s just a troll
  8. @KristenWesterhoff: Fun fact:the goat man was allegedly based on a person treating his circus goats bad.2nd,The monster was in a movie called The Legend Of Pop lick Monster.3rd,The train that almost ran them over was more likely a Fright train.(which goes 40-70 miles per hour.)
  9. @latulharris3652: What horse?
  10. @gabriellaruizt3252: Oooo
  11. @ipocrita4825: Есть ощущение, что они этим своим радио просто случайно полицейскую волну ловили, а в районе реально что-то случилось - скорые не зря ездили
  12. @novitaibrahim4853: wendigo
  13. @trivedinikesh1: Idk why but this is my fav groovy  Gavin video
  14. @tugolbaikubatov447: This creature is from the religion of Islam, as a rule, we can't call it by its name sh.a.i.*a.n
  15. @321alkha_geming: Polisi tidur
  16. @EmyPlay-m1d: 😢😢😢😢😢😢
  17. @tayyoung8002: You nimrods.
  18. @Cvit28na: ❤❤❤
  19. @Дастагул-р8ш: 😮😮😢😢😢😢😢😢
  20. @مريانا-ف5: ربما ذالك الضوء الذي رأيتموه هو شيطان الفانوس إنه يضهر غالبا في الضلام كي يضلل طريقك حيث كلما قتربت منه يبتعد وإذا أردت رأيته إذهب أنت وأصدقائك وخيمو في مكان معزول أو مكان صخراوي وأنصحك بعدم الاقتراب منه

- SCARY SITUATION while HUNTING - (Viewer Discretion Advised!): Kind: captions Language: en hey guys real quick before we get to the episode tonight just want to let you know that uh there's going to be some disturbing audio content in this episode so viewer discretion advised parents I would watch this before you let your kids watch it when we're showing it to help educate Hunters on what to do should you encounter a scary situation in a remote area like Nick and Ted did so as hunters and Outdoorsman we're on the field a lot of times we're the eyes and ears for you know a lot of different things that are going on in some situations like this you know there's certain things that you encounter that that should be reported to the authorities so after having all this happened we wanted to show you this video so you could use it as a learning tool and you have some sort of Baseline of knowing what you need to do in your course of action if you are to find yourself in this kind of a situation last day of the trip up and Adam early we got some moves to make we got to get in there nice and quiet getting our set I feel pretty good he's already he's already taking off he's rolled I mean his alarm went off and within three minutes he's in his car and gone he said he wasn't getting beat to a spot so I said 10-4 we'll see you on the other side 10-4 we're gonna do the same yeah we're Audi right behind him looks like he's got lunch there you see kind of looks like a fly or something in there good for him he's gone a little friend just out here living you know the older you do get people gonna try to tell you what to do you just got to keep living man l-i-v-i-n yep wooderson said that all right it's a man down are set up we ended up getting almost a mile and a half back in here they were walking this Ridge Top like we're talking about ended up being three Super Fresh scrapes and they're just like completely balled down no leaves sitting on them or nothing so I jumped up in a tree pretty dang high up in a tree yeah yeah real hot remember we're actually like directly above one of the scrapes but it's super tight in here I mean any any shot's gonna be close at all I mean 20 and in 25 in it maybe feel good about it so the best sign we found all we last two hours of the trip so we're giving her all right now [Music] foreign I keep getting chills all down my back yeah somebody he's screaming at the absolute Doppler I'll come there very not good obscenities someone else right before that last gunshot it sounded like I could truck ripping up or something like that and gravel throwing gravel or something yeah and then that gunshot was like problem and last one oh my God sounded like a handgun that last one make out a few few things they were saying it wasn't good things we want on here that blood curling screen I'm like I've never anybody screaming like that yeah something not good to imagine if we would have went we would ended up rewarding them on it how close we would be to that we might be able to we might have been able to see it in our vehicle excuse me oh yeah no I'm shaking Nick's looking up this house the nearest house over there so we can call somebody whenever we get out of here we ain't got any service in here so we can't call the police and tell them don't know what the heck's going on but sounds like something often dangle horror movie over there pretty scary open no please getting killed or hurt over there that's what it sounds like yeah I mean when somebody says that they hurt some like that's that's what that sounds like yeah that's the most blood curdling there's Stelio and horrific screaming a guy absolutely absolutely and maybe just stuff is just get on out of here down that way that one that way 800 yards yeah thank you very much not at all they decided to head for the hills where we'll be in the Hills so we're trying to get out of the hills we're trying to check it out and we got a way to go that's what we're gonna do it just made me uneasy yep I don't like it you and me both uh yes uh I've heard some stuff that I feel needs to be reported to the police department I was hunting me and a buddy were hunting and at about 6 45 we heard gunshots which is not uncommon but then for 30 minutes straight or so there was lots of screaming and just people obscenities and it sounded like something really bad was going on over there and there was 20 or more gunshots ended up happening and then I could hear Vehicles taking off and coming to Halt and we didn't know what to do and we had no service so we're trying to report and make see if anything had been reported about there I have pins dropped on a map about how far we were from where we think this was occurring my name is Nicholas Andrews so after that hunt you can see we alerted proper authorities in the days following that event I had had some contact with the State Game Warden and they told me that they found nothing on this situation and they went in there and it really there was nothing to be found but in the end we heard something that was really disturbing we didn't know what it was so what we what we learned in this situation is to always know what authorities you should contact so there's something something like this happen the remoteness of the area we were at we had contacted the police department and it was out of their jurisdiction then the sheriff's department then a game warden after this happened to us I think we'll take it a little more serious now to you know do our homework on who we should call on the area that we're going to if something like this were to happen to us again another thing I would say I learned is to you know let somebody else know where you're going to be at when you're out there hunting like whoever you're with like if we would have texted orb and Keith and just said here's where we're going one just so they know where we're at we feel like it's something that we've taken for granted up to this point as we're traveling around all these different public areas a lot of times we're just throwing a tent up on the side of the road and you know a lot of bad things could happen in that situation so it's definitely something that we're gonna look into a little more whenever we're planning a trip out of state and just get a little bit more familiar with the area and the proper authorities around that area before we travel there and go on our trip you know it freaked us out and you know we really got unsettled by it and we weren't scared that you know someone wasn't coming after us but we had heard something that it could have been you know your mind goes to think about what could that be and you know I immediately go to worst case scenario but it was chilling enough to uh to make us want to pursue you know seeking out an authority to go in there and resolve that situation it doesn't sound like anything has been turned up we're hoping that everything's all right down there and everything's resolved so when you guys are out there hunting public land just remember to be aware of your surroundings maybe let somebody know where you're going to be at there's a learning experience for us hopefully it was the same for you we'll see on the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @tinamcfarland3877 [7 likes]: 6:54 YOU FREAKING KILLED HER
  2. @michelleganey3481 [5 likes]: and i will never stop wondering what this is
  3. @IamConcious [4 likes]: I think I know why there is no explanation for this till now. 

The "You Killed Her" Line: This specific phrase suggests a witness (a friend or family member) was present. In many domestic violence cases in remote areas, if the victim is not reported missing by their own family, the crime can go undetected by authorities. 

Also, during the call i don't think they mentioned the "You Killed Her" Line, which would have made authorities more alert.
  4. @KristyLincoln [3 likes]: That situation is scary
  5. @Jasonburgett1359 [2 likes]: cops lied to yall. something definitely went down
  6. @dominicmead5463 [1 likes]: Omg I love scary stuff
  7. @authorjoannawhite [1 likes]: This happened in the state i live and we live in a remote area so this has me freaked out even though it was 3 years ago. Especially since no one ever found out what happened ...
  8. @kaiogamerrofc [1 likes]: MDS magine eu passando por isso😢
  9. @losted00 [1 likes]: Nice fake😂🤣👎…
  10. @Redlinefugitives: Someone let me know where this is, I wanna know that exact spot where they were.
  11. @ItzSam._.324: Is there any updates?
  12. @GiaoSuChip: AFTER THE GUNSHOTS, you could clearly hear someone scream “Somebody help. You effing killed her!” I’m from rural Missouri. Someone’s daughter is probablymissing. I really, really hope that y’all have done everything you could do to understand what happened out there. Thanks.
  13. @Tazzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz: Honestly the most terrifying thing about this is realizing you could be in danger, possibly being attacked in the woods and even though two armed men are within shouting distance and can literally hear screams they still choose to do fuck all in terms of helping.
  14. @ybgatorgamer6719: At 7:12 or 7:13 it sounds like whoever is hollering is saying DO YOU UNDERSTAND?! that’s not just me right? like turn it up and tell me that doesn’t sound like what that guy was saying.
  15. @Aaronpunzalan: 3:18 I heard why are you doing this!!
  16. @SuperProcell: In that one point he screamed you effing killed her
  17. @EL-qp4ln: There is no good reason for that many gunshots.
  18. @rad7646: @TheHuntingPublic is the channel. You're welcome nerds
  19. @michelleganey3481: this was the most horryfing hunting encounter i have ever seen and thank you for posting this! Also i love your vidoes bye!!!!
  20. @Iamanogo2945: That definitely sounds like someone begging for there life

- Caver trapped forever | The Nutty Putty Tragedy: Kind: captions Language: en when families gather for the holidays fun activities are often planned to make core memories together the Jones family decided to go caving at nutty putty but they had no idea of the devastating loss their family would suffer this is the Fatal breakdown of the Nutty putty cave tragedy Jon Jones was ready for some family fun when they decided to explore the Nutty putty cave in the Utah desert near Salt Lake City he had not been to this particular cave before but he and his brother Josh had spent much of their youth caving in a variety of Utah caves he considered himself to be an experienced caver though his exploring had slowed down in recent years he had gotten married had a child and was currently a medical student at University of Virginia this made for a busy regular schedule which left little time for cave exploring during the Thanksgiving break he was returning home to relax with family for the holiday they planned a day of hiking and exploring at nutty putty which is considered a beginner's cave by most the main areas of the cave were interesting for everyone there was the maze room which had openings and tunnels leading around large Boulders there was a large ramped area called the slide where the entire room sloped down at a 45° angle with a rope to guide you down this cave system was well mapped in most of the traversible areas there were also well-known areas that were more challenging like the birth canal or the aorta crawl these areas were tight and difficult to pass so only more experienced cavers would be attempting to squeeze through these passages even with the known challenges people still found themselves stuck in tight squeezes in these tunnels nutty putty had just recently been opened back up to the public after being closed for several years because of cavers getting stuck in these difficult squeezes they were passable for some but others would find that their shoulders or hips would just not pass no matter how hard they pulled against The Rock after wedging themselves in the narrow space they were completely stuck requiring serious assistance to inch out backwards because of these rescues a new permit style entry was required listing two experienced cavers per group Josh had obtained a permit for a group to explore the Tuesday before Thanksgiving November 24th 2009 John's pregnant wife Emily stayed back at the house with their one-year-old daughter Lizzy to enjoy a more relaxing evening with the in-laws their group of 11 family and friends started off in the main open cave sections eventually John and and his brother Josh took two friends off to find more challenging tunnels to try they had heard stories about the birth canal and consulted the map for its location it was known to be a long tight passage with a particularly tight squeeze near the end if you could just get past the narrowest part there would be a small room at the end to stand up and turn around they knew that the birth canal would be tight and could be Panic inducing even for experienced cavers they spread out to try to find this particular tunnel John and Josh took the passage on the left moving through a small tunnel for around 15 ft it undulated up and down in several elevations over the next 10 ft there were outcroppings of rocks and tight squeezes that required a caver to twist their body in several orientations to get shoulders past then hips and finally twisting legs so that they Bend in the proper direction it was not a matter of Simply pulling your body forcefully through a tight hole this area was called the cork screw because the few who had been through it were small and flex ible using all their skills to maneuver slowly through the panic inducing contortions after the cork screw area the passage angles up for another 5 ft or so then turns down over a rock ledge with a sharp 90° Bend to the left up until now cavers had used this small area after the cork screw to turn back on themselves if needed and head back through the difficult Section 5 years before a 16-year-old boy named Brock Clark was stuck in this cork screw section he was only 5' 7 in in tall and weighed 140 lb but got wedged when he was trying to turn around it took 14 hours for Rescuers to free him Jon was in the exact spot where Brock got stuck trying to turn around since Jon was 6 feet tall and 200 lb he clearly knew that turning around in this part of the tunnel was not an option for him he was in a 12-in high space with not enough lateral area for his pressed body to ball up for a turn he pushed forward to the ledge area and squeezed over the top of it it was a tight area to get through but he thought he could see it open up down below he sucked in his stomach and pressed himself through the squeeze pulling forward on the rocks in front of him he would be moving head first in a downwards Angle now but it looked like there was an area ahead to turn around John didn't know it but no one else had ever crossed over this ledge before he was in completely Uncharted Territory despite being in an extremely tight and uncomfortable position Jon kept his cool he was certain that there would be an opening ahead all along he thought he was in some part of the birth canal where many cavers had felt stuck in the constricting tunnel but ended up being just fine once they reached the other side once he passed through a tight Zone he started to slide toward the bottom of this tunnel he was nearly doing a handstand trying to hold his body up and figure out how to push backwards he still couldn't turn and now he was upside down gravity was pulling his 200lb body against the fading strength of his arms he yelled out to his brother Josh and told not to follow him but to go back out they discussed his options and decided that moving forward to try to turn around was the best idea he was collapsing onto his shoulders and head at this point and needed to make a move to get out of this vertical position his headlamp gave him a glimpse of a hole in the floor ahead which might lead to a larger space he felt a little more hopeful now thinking that they would be laughing about this misadventure over Thanksgiving dinner he made the slight turn and headed towards the hole exactly how he got himself into this tunnel hole is unknown it's thought that he may have slipped hit his head and became wedged in the tight space the other thought was that he looked in the hole but misjudged what he saw thinking it was an opening and not simply a deadend Fisher either way Jon had ended up in a small opening in the bottom of this tunnel which was impossibly narrow just 18 in by 10 in not much bigger than the screen of a laptop computer Jon found himself wedged nearly completely upside down at a 70° angle he had spent some time trying to push himself back upwards out of this hole it was exhausting his arms were pinned in a useless position one folded under his chest and the other trapped on a rock down by his side he strained against the walls and quickly realized that all of his effort would not move him back up 5T to the shallow tunnel his calves and feet were still free up in the passage but his legs were now wedged on the smallest side of the hole only 8 in wide he started yelling for Josh again his brother knew that he was trying to turn around so his yells were not a good sign Josh made his way back into this tight space and traversed the corkscrew path but unlike his brother he went feet first this time he continued toward the sound of Jon's voice up over the ledge he finally came to an alarming sight he could see the end of his brother's leg sticking out of the rock as if it had swallowed him whole He inched forward until his feet could squeeze one of Jon's legs he tried to grip and pull up while Jon pushed from his end after several feudal attempts they were both feeling exhausted and frustrated Josh could see that this was very serious and they would need professional help to get him out they agreed that Josh should go get help and Jon should try as much as possible to stay calm and relaxed while Josh went for help one of the other family friends went into the area to speak to Jon and let him know that he wasn't alone for several hours Jon just remained trapped upside down focused mostly on the chore of breathing the Fisher squeezed his chest where only shallow breaths were possible all of his efforts to move up had actually settled him deeper into the crack as time went on gravity continued to pull him against the rough walls of the tunnel tightening its grip on his exhausted body once help had arrived the first cave rescuer Susie matah made her way to where Jon was stuck it was now 12:30 in the morning and John had been upside down for 3 hours Susie was just 5 ft 3 in tall so working her way through the cork screw area was much easier for her ropes had been tied to her ankles as a precaution in case she got stuck as well she checked on how Jon was doing and let him know that they'd be getting him out he must have had a small wave of relief thinking that professional help had arrived and he would soon be free of this trap suie tied webbing straps around his legs and then fed it back to the pit where the tunnel started several attempts were made to pull on the ropes to leverage Jon back up and out of the fiser there was just too much friction on the ropes to make any effective release on Jon he was still pinned without the use of his arms to fully assist after attempting a few things and considering many aggressive options the decision was made to enlist a pulley system in order to help lift Jon up and out a pulley had been successfully used when Brock Clark was stuck 5 years before even though they had a plan of how to help this was not an easy location to work in each piece of equipment would need to be brought in from the entrance which took nearly an hour to reached the other side of Corkscrew the tunnel was extremely tight and only smaller power tools could be carried in and out only one person could be in there to assist at a time and they would need to be small or wiry to effectively move through the passage it was just not an ideal situation each pulley took an extraordinary amount of time to install during this time cavers were trying to talk with Jon console him and share stories to keep him calm and talking he was a devout Mormon and spent time praying and singing to seek solace in this unreal situation John had spent the night upside down and was showing signs of the physical limitations of the body to withstand this position the human body was not made to be upside down for long the entire circulatory system is designed using pulses of pressure from the heart to move blood forward through the system while Valves and fibrous vessels would hold blood and stop it from going backwards this one-way flow balances pressure gravity and valves to keep oxygen available to all tissues and to remove toxins from the body through the kidneys Jon's body had been fighting gravity for more than 12 hours the brain was not built to withstand this kind of fluid pressure fluids were building up in his lungs and toxins were starting to accumulate from the lack of proper circulation his organs were pressing on his lungs and each breath was an exhausting effort for muscles not built for such work his breathing was slowing and he was completely spent from the effort throughout the night he had gone from being completely calm and lucid to helplessly thrashing his legs and hallucinating it was excruciating to watch for The Rescuers they were helpless exhausted and feeling trapped themselves the air in this cave system was warm and damp it took a concerted effort to remain calmly breathing when you are restricted and can't move or even breathe properly but The Rescuers knew they could get out when needed Jon didn't have that luxury he couldn't expand his chest to breathe and the air around him was losing its oxygen concentration little by little during this time a wired Telecom system was brought down to where Jon was stuck his wife spoke with him encouraging him to hang on and be faithful Jon assured her that he would be out with her soon it wasn't until 4:00 that day that they finally got the pulleys in place to move him Ryan shirtz was in the tunnel when the system was ready to try Jon's body had settled into the narrow side of the opening so Ryan had to push his legs over as the team pulled from outside each heave moved him inch by in inch up out of the hole by this time Jon's legs were in excruciating pain a rope had been tied around his legs for hours as Rescuers tried various methods to help him out they were completely blue and had no discernable pulse yet each tug had him call out to stop as his nerves were Ultra sensitive at this point they paused to give him a moment to gather himself and then tried again it seemed to be working Jon was finally being pulled up out of this hole he was raised enough for Ryan to look down to make Act ual eye contact with him and passed down a tube to drink Gatorade this effort was extremely slow goinging and they were all exhausted from the difficult effort Ryan was squeezed in a tunnel just 12 in high and had his head near Jon's legs as they worked him slowly out of the tight 10-in fisser although they were making some progress in lifting him up they were no closer to getting him out his legs were hitting the low ceiling above his tunnel and twisting them into the passage was impossible he had no control over his legs now after 19 hours upside down without his help to delicately Bend his knees to the side they were strongly considering breaking his legs to get him back into the passage because time was running out for Jon then in a sudden moment of blinding pain Ryan blacked out when he came too he was bleeding heavily and Confused the Rope holding the pulley to a natural Arch section in the cave broke and whipped the Carabiner and pulley directly into Ryan's face he suffered damage to his face lip and tongue as well as a concussion he had to get out of there quickly J was back where he started completely wedged in the tunnel with the circulation to his arms cut off and his legs completely dead he was unable to help free himself in any way this moment started the final demise of Jon Jones after Ryan was checked out in the pit and then sent off to the hospital his father Dave took his place in the passage with John it took an hour to reestablish the pulley lines and Dave tried to tie a rope around Jon's body but couldn't get the Rope past his wedged torso so all the time Dave was with Jon he was not responsive this entire operation required Jon's help to effectively rescue him there was no way to lift his 200 lb 6-t frame without him pushing and trying to leverage himself in some way in Dave's effort to tie up Jon he got himself stuck for about 15 minutes their desperate effort to help save this man had put both his son and himself in danger it was a devastating reality once he had pushed himself back into the 12-in tunnel he was exhausted and had to leave Brandon coales took his place and brought in the Telecom system so J's family could talk to him his wife Emily expressed her love and told him to take a break and rest after all of his effort she still truly believed he would be coming out but Brandon could see what she could not Jon was no longer responsive and no signs of life could be heard over the previous several hours Ryan reported the gurgling breaths that Jon was struggling with now there was silence the rescue team gathered in the pit area inside the cave and discussed the situation it was determined that a medical professional would need to confirm that he had actually passed a paramedic was sent into the tight section to confirm what was suspected at 11:56 on Wednesday November 25th Jon Jones was pronounced dead the rescue teams worked for 24 hours straight to try to free Jon but it was just not possible with his upside down position the Clock Was ticking and he just ran out of time John survived an extraordinary 27 hours in an inverted position which is three times longer than what was predicted as possible the six rescue Personnel who actually reached Jon in that Rocky prison were truly heroic they willfully placed themselves in a portion of the cave that was unmapped with many known risks they were selfless in their efforts maintained a calm demeanor and never gave up on a seemingly impossible rescue after they determined that recovering the body would be impossible Jon was left to rest in the Ed's push section of the Nutty putty cave for eternity the entire cave system was closed off with concrete never to be explored again a plaque was placed there to commemorate the life of Jon Jones

  Top Comments:
  1. @shannonmundy1684 [3 likes]: This is unbelievably stupid! Healthcare costs for your stupid endeavor not to mention all the other people that risk their lives you are an idiot!
  2. @juniperwool [3 likes]: I 1000% hate to think about this story. What a terrible way to die. I hope his family can find peace.
  3. @seekter-kafa [2 likes]: whatta horror story, i lost 5 pounds in 20 minutes
  4. @KathleenMcNe [2 likes]: The Birth Canal?  The Aorta Crawl?  Why would someone think those would be safe and fun to negotiate?
  5. @74_Tone-i1z [1 likes]: If I was Divinely forced to choose between two options of sky diving or cave crawling... I'd rather do skydiving. Deathly afraid of both though, but I'd rather skydive💯
  6. @gary-pietz4147 [1 likes]: You know what's really bad you can show this to people over and over again and someone will still continue to do something stupid
  7. @SeemsLikeSomething [1 likes]: I know everyone tried their best to get him out but I sometimes wonder if maybe they were too concerned with not damaging him. I think after the 12 hr point I’d abandon that concern and get loops on his ankles nearly bone-tight and have every person heave and just risk injury. Some broken bones are alot better than death. I wonder if maybe this was just not possible somehow.
  8. @TheONLYDANHAMMER [1 likes]: The best thing about caving is you don't have to do it.
  9. @jeremykingofficial-yy3b [1 likes]: Before catastrophic things like this happen, there are usually red flags. Don’t ignore them. If it’s getting tight, make your U turn, and stop forcing it. I’m not only talking about caves. I’m talking about life. When something feels off, cut ties immediately and never interact with such situations or people again. Don’t even put yourself in a vicinity near them. I know exactly what I’m talking about.
  10. @andrielisilien [1 likes]: I have agoraphobia and I like small enclosed spaces. I seek out weighted blankets and lifting weights for that feeling. Hell, I'll even shut myself in a tiny closet or crawl underneath the mattress.

But I would NEVER go cave diving 😦 WTF?!
  11. @jamescarter4408 [1 likes]: Why would anybody want to crawl through these tight spaces.  Morons if you ask me, and deserve what they got.
  12. @gary-pietz4147: Someday when we're advanced enough with robots they will be able to go down there because they can be any size they want or we want them to be with unlimited strength be able to do things we cannot do in a compliance space like that also with the tools we have now that are battery powered we would have had a better back in those days the battery power tools weren't that powerful or should I say portable battery powered
  13. @BethPeters-c4e: Its sad that people do this at all. This guy really put himself at risk. He paid with his life.
  14. @Hale-Bopp: 40 YEARS AGO.. MY MOTHER PUSHED ME OUT OF BIRTH CANAL.. I NEVER WENT AND NEVER BEEN INSIDE A CAVE AGAIN MY ENTIRE LIFE.
  15. @OptimusPrime1857: I would have requested a pistol, annointing of the sick , and just ended it. God would understand it atp
  16. @Mike-u1p7h: When I grow up, I want to be a caver? 🕳️ 💀
  17. @debbie9929: If someone got stuck 5 yrs before why werent these areas completely shut down. I dont understand this at all.
  18. @debbie9929: This is one of the moat horrifying things I have ever heard. Stuff nightmares are made of. What a moron.  Can't even watch this.
  19. @maciejbochnia5342: Guys tell me if I am wrong but i just figured out a way to him out that day. What if they gave him huge baloon, tell him to put it under his head in the bottom of cave and just start pumping with presserued air from the pump in save spot above? Baloon would expand, giving him space to push with hands from it with hands and clowly crawl back. Is that make sense for you as much as for me?
  20. @ricosuave8123: Will never understand why anyone would want to risk their life to potentially die in an excruciating and very stressful way.

- HORROR INCIDENTS OF YOUTUBERS (Caught on Camera)😱: Kind: captions Language: en So who doesn't like ghosts or incidents as long as they happen to others and today we will see together some of these horror incidents that have happened with our beloved Indian YouTuber I am very excited to see new incidents and new faces and this video has been made by Tech Unique so a big shout out to them and with that said let's get started come on Saurabh Joshi while he is locking the game suddenly something falls from behind this temple is right in the middle of the forest it looked normal but when it was looked at carefully what happened while playing this game with Carrie Minaj that he stopped playing this game brother this video is going to be a bit creepy so if you want to enjoy this video then watch it till the end number one Saurabh Joshi once he went to a temple in Ramnagar where he was blogging well but in the same video something happens which shocks everyone Saurabh Joshi did not know anything about it but when people saw that video everyone was shaken by that video While Saurav is explaining where he is, a heavy container falls on its own behind him. But look, dude, as far as I'm concerned, it was an animal that did it. But put yourself in Saurabh's shoes. A human being is blogging, so obviously he would n't have paid attention to the details. He wouldn't have seen who dropped it or how it fell. All he knows is that something heavy has fallen behind him. What could have happened, brother? A heavy container falls on its own behind him, but the person who dropped it is nowhere to be seen. People think it must be some ghost work, but many people think it was a monkey that dropped it. But what do you think? Do tell us in the comments section. The number two triggered person, whose real name is Nischay Malan, you all know him. He has over 2 million subscribers on YouTube. His story time videos are also quite famous, in which he shares real-life stories about himself. And once, something similar happened to him, which he has not been able to explain till date. This is about his school time when he was in 11th class and he also had a friend who was quite good in studies and also used to handle the children who conduct assembly. Oh okay okay okay brother, don't get involved in wrong things, our brother Nischay was quite good at handling the children, also he used to handle the children who conduct assembly. It was the time of Annual Day, it was raining season, Nischay and his friend were chilling in their class and making fun of the activity room in which there was a rumor that there was a ghost in it. Jokingly they thought let's check that room. As soon as they went near the room, Nischay saw a shadow inside the room. Okay okay so I am going to face this incident, I am going to move on to the next one, Ro Se Rider, he is also a moto blogger who is very famous today and he has also appeared in Bigg Boss. Anyway, today we are going to talk about such a shocking incident with him, about which very few of you would be aware because This incident happened when he had around 100,000 subscribers. One night, he was going to attend a function. The place was quite far away, with two routes. He chose a shortcut instead of the long route. This is where things always go wrong. We've learned this from so many stories. So, my friends, please keep in mind that shortcuts are not always the right option. There were two routes. He chose a shortcut instead of the long route, which passed through the forest. As he progressed on that route, he started feeling strange. After some time, he saw something very dangerous, seeing which he was very scared. He shouted, "Oh sorry, brother, is this real?" I mean, "I don't know what a man is." At the time when he had 100,000 subscribers, YouTube also existed, so I don't know what a man is. If this is real, then brother, this should have become a news headline. After some time, seeing which he became very scared. He ran away. In a panic, he did not even go to the function and went back to his home. People will think that this video is fake, but even after zooming in several times, when the bike's light falls on that object, still no shadow is visible. Oh, dude, how can a shadow be visible from the bike's light, obviously, it is very bright. Look, the bike's light, I am not saying that it is not a ghost or anything. It could be some thief, who knows, he is scaring people by dressing up like a ghost, then obviously some people will get unbalanced. Then you know what their intentions are. Who knows, some of them do, still no shadow is visible. And you all know that there is no paranoia about such things. Number four, Carry Manath, something similar happened with Carry Manath. It was not funny, but it was quite the opposite. As usual, he was streaming Outlast 2 on his channel, which is a very horror game. While playing this game, in his room, yup, I have also seen this incident. Brother, I was watching it live. I was watching it literally live. This was number five. He's a very cool guy himself, but when it comes to ghosts, everyone gets scared. The same thing happened with Thug when he was going to Pandharpur with his friends. Thug had four friends who were going for a break. They caught a train from Mumbai to Pandharpur and reached there. There, they met an auto driver and got into the auto. A mysterious man who was also in the planetarium also sat in the auto. While traveling, Thug reached his hotel and fell asleep due to the fatigue of the journey. In the morning, he caught a bus to go for the shoot. As soon as he got on the bus, the man in the grey hoodie came again and sat in front of Thug, shocking them all. They all got off at their destination where millions of people were forming a circle and they had to shoot there. They all separated for the shoot. Then, the man came and stood next to one of the men, saying, "Hey brother, do one thing, lift your hand from here and give it a whirl." Hey brother, I can't believe it, which stalker is this big? Yes, everyone, a stalker, a ghost. Let's go. That guy came and stood near one of these guys. I do n't know how he was finding them in the crowd of so many lakhs of people. When everyone came to know about this, everyone was surprised. But now they had to leave from here, so they went to the train station and when Thaka was standing in the ticket line, as soon as Thaka turned back, the same man was standing there again. Seeing this, he got very scared and moved aside. He quickly took the ticket and everyone went towards the platform. The platform was completely deserted, there was no one there. But after some time, the train arrives and they all board the train. The train was very crowded, so Thaka's friend went to stand at the gate and was shocked to see him. Meanwhile, when the other friend also saw him, he was shocked because a man in grey was standing right in front of the gate, seeing whom everyone went crazy. After some time, that man came into their compartment and went to the toilet. Then these people decided to get down at the next station. They decided to change the compartment. They did just that. The journey was long, they had found seats, and it was night, which made everyone fall asleep. After a while, they heard the sound of something rubbing on metal, which made Thag wake up and look around. The train was completely empty, and on the last seat was the same man again. Bro, is this a true incident? Is this a true story? If so, then Kesh Bhai, you narrowly escaped. The train was completely empty, and on the last seat was the same man again. But this time, gathering courage, Thag went near him and saw that he was writing something on the train with a knife. He was writing nothing but Thagash's name. Seeing this, Thagash got scared and started backing away. Meanwhile, a packet of chips came under Thagash, due to which the man in the grey hoodie's attention went towards Thag and he turned towards Thag sharply, but this time there was no flesh on his face. As soon as Thag saw him, his face was cut in the middle and he had long hair. He started moving quickly towards Thagash. Meanwhile, Sumit, who was Thagash's friend, A voice comes and says get up brother, your station has come, a dream, a dream is broken, sometimes the heart burns, yes, a little love happened, isn't that what happens, yes, a little fear is fine, next incident, friend, the dreamers have messed up my mind, I could n't understand whether that was a dream or reality because that man was also seen by his friend, number six, okay, hold on, hold on, from this last line, I want to tell you one thing, I am telling you the truth, for the first time in my life I was so disturbed that as soon as I woke up in the morning, I went to discuss it with my mother, this happened just two-three days ago, I don't know what happened, was it a dream or reality, I don't understand, but it was very scary, okay, it was very scary, if I explain it to you now, you will think it will be like a movie, but yes, one side of my bed was shaking, my eyes are open, I understand everything, my eyes are open, but I am not able to get up, even after going, one side of my bed was shaking and then suddenly I hear the sound of an animal growling, which is like growling. He has come to my room, I cannot see him, I can only hear his voice and I can understand that yes, he was outside earlier, he has come into the room and is in front of the bed and then I woke up and I do n't know what happened, he drank water and went back to sleep, I am still surprised how I fell asleep alone but then in the morning to confirm this I had to go downstairs to talk to my mother, I do n't know whether it was a dream or what, brother, it happens, it happens like this or I will believe in this, Mumbaikar Nikhil Next story is of Mumbaikar Nikhil, this story is from when he was going to Ooty and during that time he stayed in a hotel, the hotel was quite nice and it seemed normal in the beginning but often things that look normal are not normal, something strange started happening to him there, about which he has mentioned in his blog and also shown, when he was chilling in the room, then suddenly some lights started turning on and off when the fan was running fine, this is not his only accident, one day he was passing through the most haunted place of Mumbai on his bike, I came to know about it Hey, I know about the colony, but bro, I'm scared about these light things, brother, please, I don't know what's happening today. These lights of mine are getting short circuited, they're turning off, turning on, it has n't happened yet, thankfully, but this kind of noise is coming. Brother, after recording the video, I'm going to call an electrician immediately. What kind of accident happened to this person that even after getting good views on his videos, he stopped making these videos. And what kind of a youtuber is this who used to make every video with a ghost, and the viewers of this WhatsApp group had no idea about it. Brother, the video is going to be very horrifying, so watch this video till the end and subscribe to the channel and press that bell icon too. Number one triggered person. Going to this dangerous place in Delhi proved to be a big mistake for the triggered person and his family. It happened when the triggered person went to Malcha Mahal with his sister, brother-in-law, and Abhishek. Malcha Mahal is a place in Delhi which is famous for being a haunted place, so should I also do the same? You should go, tell me in the comments and I know, I had put a like target in a video, once that is completed, I will do a horror incident, I mean, I will do a horror challenge, a horror incident, what am I saying, so yes, I know that live cam is complete, I want to do that horror challenge, behind the scenes work is going on, so don't worry about that, I want to do it a little better, you know, take a mic, a camera, a memory, lighting, well, not much, but it is famous because of this, when in the beginning, the ghost videos were getting a lot of views, so these four thought of making a ghost video, so they went to that mansion, where they met a baba, who stopped them from going inside and said, don't go inside, it's getting night, so they asked, is there any problem, so the baba said, no, there is no problem, but I have taken out some dead bodies from inside, there is no problem, no problem, only some dead bodies came out from inside, what is this pause, what is this pause, oh hell, no, this is not a thing Triggered people were recording, after all this happened, Nischay stopped the recording and started it again and started going inside. Nischay's brother-in-law was using the call from the call, as they moved forward, then Nischay sees something falling from a tree and coming towards them and says, okay, I am not going to explain this thing, this is what happens, seeing this he gets scared and asks his brother-in-law, did you see anything, then he also says the same thing, hearing this, Nischay gets very scared and turns the car back, meanwhile the same one-eyed Baba was blocking their way out with a barricade, they got out luckily, but when they asked Baba why he was blocking the way, then he said nothing, I do not want to talk and he went away. After this, these four talked to the cart vendors and they were recording all this, then the cart vendors also said that this place is not right, after this, those people came and started checking the footage, then they did not find half the footage, nor did they delete it, Nischay said that they had checked it thoroughly and recorded it, after which they got even more scared, after that He never went to that place because if that Baba had closed the gate with a barricade, then now I am now I am competing my choice whether I should go here or not, okay, okay, no problem, let's see, let's try, you know I said Bhaang Gad, I ran away from Bhaang Gad, I will run here too because if that Baba had closed the gate with a barricade, then who knows what would have happened to him inside, a similar dangerous incident happened with his friend Divya, when he went to Malcha Mahal, his health also deteriorated a lot and he had a fever for many days. Number two, Tanisha, Tanisha was a very famous YouTuber at one time, whose channel now has more than 2 lakh subscribers, but [sangeet] Tanisha was lying alone and she thought let's record a TikTok in which she was wearing sunglasses, and as soon as she recorded the TikTok and checked it, she was shocked because there was a shadow of a small child in her sunglasses, and she knew this for a long time, but this time she also got the proof. It was oh you knew it from a long time so do something about it do something about it you just start living with it no don't do it like this wow but this time they had also got the proof which you can clearly see in this clip because they had no one with them at that time a similar incident happened with their friend too when Tanisha and all her family members had gone out and a boy used to stay in their building whose internet was not working and he needed internet for some work so he came to Tanisha's house to use the internet and started working on his laptop but suddenly he started hearing some noise from the kitchen I also heard a very clear sound my brother I heard a very clear sound my family members told me that the little boy stays in the kitchen and the sound of utensils was coming from there but as soon as he got down everything stopped this happened two-three times so he thought some bird might have come but there was nothing and as soon as he checked the sound stops but as soon as he starts working the sound starts coming back the same incident used to happen in my old house I have a story time It is about how a thumping thumping sound used to come from the roof. As we went upstairs, the sound stopped. We came down and slept. Then again, it was either someone was playing a trick on us or something really dangerous was going on. He got very scared and went to his house and called Tanisha and said that from today onwards I will not come to your house at night. Number three, Gari Maas, Good Life. This is a very famous family website which she posts on youtube.be. But once she went to shoot on the sets of Savdhaan India, which was probably the most terrifying shoot of her life. This incident starts with a shoot of Savdhaan India which was to take place in an old mansion in Jaipur. The most dangerous thing is that the name of this episode itself was Haunted Mansion. So you can imagine what would happen in that episode. This mansion looked very beautiful, but after going there, she was not able to explain what happened to her. It was 11 o'clock at night and the shoot was only two hours away, so she thought that she would take a shower, it would reduce her fatigue and she went to the bathroom and took a shower. She turned it on but after some time the water in her shower stopped and a strange sound started coming from it. She got very angry and after getting ready when she went to the reception to complain but there was no one there and the reception was going up in this lift so Garib catch me if you can come to complain hey friend no it's okay she followed him and saw him he was getting some work done near the water tank but after this what Garima saw shocked her because there was a dead black cat in it. Then she remembered that the shoot was also ready so she went towards the mansion for the shoot which was 15 minutes away from the hotel. As soon as the shoot was over Garib went and sat in the rest room which was quite big and she was alone then she heard someone's sound and as soon as she tried to open the gate it got locked. Dude if I have done a horror shoot at 1:00 in the night then I would not like to sit alone in any room at least if there is a crew there or wherever the crew is I would run away I would prefer to sit with someone. She tried to open the gate with force but then she felt someone behind her. As soon as she looked back, she saw something shiny under the bed and gathering courage, she looked down and screamed because there was a black cat eating a mouse and it started running out Bhats it's enough it's enough it's enough okay this is enough for today so that is it for today's video my mind is full now okay I need some rest now I will meet you in the next video till then peace out ha ha this will now create a ruckus on the pet taga you pizza will be divided among all the people the scene which you have not seen will be said swer let it go son hey b where are you brother

  Top Comments:
  1. @Bixufr [717 likes]: Okay, this was interesting! 💀❤
Video I Watched : https://youtu.be/-O_fD0truTQ
  2. @RakhePera-u6r [1 likes]: Apki😮😮😮😮😮
  3. @sumikhatun522: NO😮☠️☠️⚰️⚰️⚰️🪦🪦🪦🩸🩸🩸📿📿📿📿🔴🔴🔴☢️☢️☢️⚠️⚠️⚠️
  4. @RajNandni-q5s: Hi plss ff
  5. @NidhiSharma-i1w6d: ☠️💀☠️👻👻💀☠️☠️💀👻√
  6. @ManojKumar-l1m8b: 10:50 Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes 🙂‍↕️🙂‍↕️🙂‍↕️🙂‍↕️🙂‍↕️🙂‍↕️🙂‍↕️
  7. @Snehal-e8z: मैने तेरे व्हिडिओ के पीछे ना एक बुद्धी खाता प्लीज
  8. @annukumari721: जानवर था
  9. @gamerpro-e5d: Bhai Tum pattu Ho😂😂😂😂❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
  10. @AreebaIrfan-x6z: bhai  number 1 me  drum gira tha  us ko cat ne giraya tha
  11. @grg.wilson: O maga
  12. @MahammadMusthafa-n3u: Mare sath assa hua he😰😰😰😰
  13. @SkAzim-h5d: Bro monkey ne drum ko gira ya dekho sahi se
  14. @ShobhanaPatel-z9c: 😰😨🙀😑😲😮😨😰
  15. @Sampa123-v2z: YES
  16. @RupaliSaha-p7c2g: Yes 😂😂😂😂🎉
  17. @nikhatkhankiduniya5785: 👻💀👽ksskdkd
  18. @Drglolo_efgh8: 8:45 Sleep Paralysis
  19. @RakeshKumarKusawaha21: Main bhoot sabse nahin darta main Bhoot ka baap hun
  20. @Ak.Patel-f9t: Hi❤❤❤

- The Food Riders Documentary: Kind: captions Language: en we started by with the love of riding bicycles and wanting to make a difference now you know our average delivery is about 120 pounds and we do that twice a week so over the course of a month it could be a thousand pounds a month which means anywhere between 10 and 12 000 pounds a year and we've been going now for about eight years [Music] you can start something very small and have a one bike and one trailer and you can make a difference you know in your community my name is carl morgan and i'm the acquisitions librarian here at orange coast college and i'm the founder of the food writers club we saw that there was a lot of food waste and we knew that any food operation like our cafeteria would have excess food that would normally go into a landfill and become methane which is a major greenhouse gas so we wanted to see if we could take that food and give it to somebody in need and keep that food from going into a landfill every semester we have a different you know group of students involved and so by taking a bicycle it's a zero emission so we don't use any fuel or create any greenhouse gases to transport the food i think that what makes us unique so one of our typical ride for us is every friday afternoon i get here at 1 30 and i get our big trailer out and i set everything up with a trailer we wait for our students to arrive and then at 2 o'clock we ride our bikes over to the back of the cafeteria we walk in the first thing we do is we wash up food safety is definitely our most important thing you know every week is different with the food riders so we never know what kind of food we're gonna get it could be it could be chicken it could be pasta it could be soup pizza we get a lot and so every week is different so we just never know but once we do that we're ready to go we package up the food and then we get on our bikes bicycle safety is as important as food safety we want to make sure that we keep all of us safe on the road and we head over to either share ourselves or the lighthouse and again those are about three and a half miles over with the food riders you know we show them what's possible with bicycles so that's where the food writers started with the desire to use bicycles to to make a positive difference so one of my goals as the advisor is to to provide a great experience for students working in a community service operation like what we have and delivering food you know pretty much we're doing kind of the same thing every week but it's really the students who bring that energy and what makes it unique every week is that connection between us and food and people on the other end who need it which i think is really the core of what we do with the food riders and it's also what we hope to impart to our students who come and ride with us and deliver food

  Top Comments:
  1. @judbeiermann9161 [1 likes]: Very awesome idea!

- BEHIND THE RIDER -YRA documentary series - 2nd episode: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] good uh hey my name is zoe ostoff i'm 23 years old i was born in germany and i started horse riding when i was six there was also pretty much the age i fell in love with horses i just love them as animals and we had a stable close to our home my family has no horse background so i just went there to pet the horses and at some point i had my first riding lessons and then i always went there every day by bike i'm jody hall mcateer i'm 22 years old and i'm a rider from great britain i've been riding for as long as i can remember my grandparents had a riding school at home so i was always trotting around on the back of my grandma's lessons and my family while my parents were involved in the industry so it was kind of a natural progression to go into the sport and show jumping and i've never swayed from it since i'm linda i'm 20 years old and i started riding quite by accident in year 2011 i didn't go as a child with my family to vacation but instead i would my i went with my aunt's friend to a horse camp and ever since then i couldn't stop riding and being around horses i was always interested in the project young rails academy and after the first czech person got selected i got interested even more because i followed his whole way and i really did my best at the selection it worked i could start training with ben schroeder and i got so lucky that i could stay after as a working rider for the shredder stable my biggest fear for people that choose show jumping is their career path in the future is that it's going to be difficult to get the social license for the sport to continue i mean it's the only sport in the world where animals are involved so with that it's going to be very important that the general public are aware that these horses then not tools they're animals and we love them and we care for them and it's all about the connection involved so i like to think that the next generation will make sure that they show that to the rest of the world really and that the horse remains central and all that they do not only as a rider but also as an athlete if i think about the goals i have i really want to become one of the best riders in our sport but this is a goal that is really far away i think so now since i'm in the young rice academy it was definitely a goal for me to get selected for it so that's one i can say i achieved and yeah i'm really looking forward to everything i learn and i hope there's a lot more to come for me the tips i want to give to young riders that are just entering into the sport is definitely stay on what you're doing keep working towards your goal and never give up it's always up and down i think it's not the straight straight stairs up so i think that's something they have to keep in mind hi my name is ben schroeder i'm together with my brothers vimer hergo the owner of the bwg stables our experiences from young horses here till olympic level my training systems for the girls is first i look how they how they ride and then i try to get the biggest points two plus points i think the young riders academy is a very good initiative to help this talent for riders to the next step i'm matt garrigan i'm 24 years of age i was part of the young riders academy in 2017 i came here to bwg stables in the netherlands in 2020 to train and then after that i started to work for ben women and garco schroeder here and i've really enjoyed my time here young riders not only gave me the opportunity to train here at the international stable but also to see how they manage the horses and everything around which is for me very helpful because i'm not from an equestrian family so it brought me to a completely different equestrian world so being a part of the young riders academy it meant that i was fortunate enough to come to bwg stables for training with ben schroeder and goku and wim also as well and it's been an invaluable experience for me i've been here a year and a half now and i'm very fortunate for all the skills i've learned but other than also the technicality of my riding i've also learned a lot as an individual in all aspects of the sport from the business to the mental side with the help of poppy bamford as well so it's opened a lot of doors for me i applied for the selection because i really like the program of the young writers academy and a few friends of mine are also part of it so like the former years and i talked with them so i knew it's a great program to improve my skills my writing and everything they do and i think it's also won by really really good people that have a good mind and do a lot for our sports so i really enjoy to be a part of it now and i'm so thankful bye

- Khadijah Mellah: 'Riding A Dream' documentary trailer: Kind: captions Language: en go into the next exercise [Music] what people will be surprised when you see especially cancer and stuff what a big part of my life is just improving people wrong about what a person like me can achieve there's quite a like a massive stereotype around Muslim girls and them not being able to you know follow their passions and dreams and either going into medicine on midwifery or a stay-at-home mom that has a massive family and just cooks and cleans I love surprising people with my lifestyle and why do you so finishing that race will definitely be an accomplishment I will talk about a lot sort of like grounded me because now I realize that you know it's gonna be meeting I mean you realize that I need to train a little a lot more boy do you buddy but I tell people I am racing in a high profile Tour jockey race they're like what you're running right and I might not want to watch that you're running my economic on the horse I think people from the outside world looking in it does look a bit daunting but it's it's not all your representing McQueen and stuffing is crazy I don't know I'm preparing Taurus for the Magnolia Cup this isn't like everyday opportunity or just you know wakes up in the morning oh you're going to my mania Cup doesn't happen it's not really easy we've only got three months she's other long way no she's at the but at the bottom of a steep curve absolutely you know if it was on the day of the tests the result would have been a fail this Sunday we went on a little hack around Brixton and there's always people that stuff like where I'm like oh my god why is their horses hand I'm like business staple like right around the corner like no way I'm not really sure what to expect they've been on a racehorse never raced ready it was their first run anything like race because I thought that I was going flower oh I go to the start my fellow my of there I want to swim like again be a role model to anyone who wants to do something that they wouldn't initially believe that would be in their comfort zone yeah and in the non Jesus we Possible's of like I love people too so like follow their aspirations and dreams

  Top Comments:
  1. @CrazySelenaGomezfan1 [12 likes]: A legend and a real inspiration to all Muslim girls and even women of color! Looking forward to watching this and seeing all the other great things Khadija has left to accomplish
  2. @happyone2319 [5 likes]: Congrats sister khadjiah , following in our mother of the believers may Allah bless her and you x
  3. @janemarjorie4175 [4 likes]: I am so proud of you niece,what an achievement you are an inspiration to many.
  4. @Yaskaqaali [3 likes]: Mashallah
  5. @عبداللهالإسماعيلي-ظ6ن [3 likes]: Love you Khadijah😍
  6. @ZIXI357 [2 likes]: Well done my dear. All the best.
  7. @nhrmuseum: Lovely video. Great to see inner-city youth having access to racing, the best of British luck to you Khadijah, come and see us if you're ever in Newmarket!
  8. @WorldHorseRacing: Well done Khadijah! If you enjoyed this, check out our feature... https://youtu.be/9R6H1Gl8SCA 🏆

- The Trot of Life - Documentary: Kind: captions Language: en Ride was founded in 1994 and their goal has always been to offer horseback riding and therapy services to kids and adults with disabilities. Um so the services that we currently offer uh all these years later is adaptive riding lessons um to kids and adults ages five and up. Um those are riding lessons taught by an instructor. Many of our instructors are certified through PATH international which is the professional association of therapeutic horsemanship. Um so those are more recreational style riding lessons and then we offer therapy services which is physical occupational or speech therapy. Um these are one-on-one sessions with a licensed therapist uh utilizing the hor's movement to improve function in those areas. I would describe the community here at Ride-On as um very welcoming, very open. Um we are very open-faced and anyone is welcome to walk through our doors and participate in something whether it's um volunteering, we take volunteers ages 12 and up or participating in one of the services we offer which starts as early as age 2. Um so you know this is a place where again we are a really um unique form of recreational sport, a really unique form of therapy. Um, and there are volunteer opportunities for just the general public to help us out. Um, so in that way it's super awesome. Rhydon is very therapeutic for myself as someone who works here just because, you know, every day I have the lucky opportunity to be working outside and out here and see what's happening on a day-to-day basis. So to go outside on any day where we're offering lessons at any of our sites, um you are likely to see a lot of riders or clients with, you know, smiles on their faces and experiencing something really cool and really unique. >> He got the motion. Oh yeah, the boy can dedication devotion. Turning all the night time into the day about the world and do the song about the night to the local. >> I really enjoy doing for others. It gives me great satisfaction. Um, I just feel as a person who is capable of being able to do this, it's just wonderful. Um, and I really do. Plus, it tires me out. I go home and I am exhausted, but it's a good exhaustion that I feel like I've really done something positive. And that's what I that's how I was brought up to just do what you can for others. And that's what I think I'm doing. And you do the walk. Do the walk. Yeah, you do the walk. Rhydon's hope for the future has always been expanding, but more importantly providing service for generations to come. So, um, we have been expanding a lot over the last several years. The covered arena is a big part of that. And I think the ultimate goal is to be able to provide years of service, both adaptive riding lessons and therapy services as well as our community- based efforts like volunteering and um you know, we've hosted events here, community events in the past and being available for that. Um so we're always trying to grow our staff and our herd of horses and the services we're able to provide um hopefully for many more years. You do the Yeah, you do the Um, and then you know, you're not just working with horses either. Every day you get to see the benefit of what the riders are experiencing and the therapy clients. Um, and it's just super super rewarding no matter where you come from. Woohoo!

  Top Comments:
  1. @nich_studios: Remember that old Lego project

- 5 Tips to Improve Your Horse Jumping Technique (With FEI II Show Jumping Coach Krystal Kelly) #horse: Kind: captions Language: en hey there show jumping enthusiasts today we have an exciting video for you if you want to take your horse jumping technique to the next level then you've come to the right place we've got five amazing tips that are sure to improve your performance in no time don't forget to hit that subscribe button and turn on notifications to stay up to date with all of our latest videos number one perfect your positioning the first tip to improve your show jumping technique is all about your position make sure you have a solid base in the saddle with your stirrups on the balls of your feet and your legs wrapped around your horse's belly keep your weight centered over your horse's center of gravity and maintain a tall posture with your back flat this will help you maintain your balance and stay in control throughout the jumps number two practice your timing the second tip is to work on your timing good timing is crucial for a successful jump so practice your approach to the jump and your takeoff as you approach the jump sit back and bring your horse to a balanced controlled Canter keep your eyes up and look ahead to the next obstacle as you take off be sure to follow your horse's motion and stay centered in the saddle number three master your maneuvering the third tip is all about maneuvering you need to be able to guide your horse through the jump course with precision and accuracy practice your turns and Transitions and make sure you can guide your horse through tight spaces and over tricky obstacles the more control you have over your horse and are able to adjust in between the fences the more successful your jumps will be number four build up your Fitness the fourth tip is to build up your horse's Fitness show jumping is a physically demanding sport and your horse needs to be in top condition to perform at its best make sure you're giving your horse the right nutrition and exercise to build up its strength stamina and Agility this will help your horse perform at its best and prevent injury poles and grit exercises as well as a lot of dressage training will really help with this number five invest in quality Equipment the final tip is to invest in quality Equipment your horse's gear such as the saddle Bridle and Boots can have a big impact on its performance invest in high quality equipment that fits your horse properly and is designed specifically for show jumping this can help your horse feel more comfortable and confident during jumps and also help prevent injury additionally consider investing in gear for yourself such as high quality helmet and custom made riding boots that provide proper protection and support quality Equipment may be more expensive but it can make a significant difference in your jumping performance and safety there you have it five amazing tips to improve your horse jumping technique practice these tips regularly and you'll be sure to see a noticeable Improvement in your performance don't forget to hit that subscribe button and turn on your notifications for more great content thanks everyone for watching I'm your coach Crystal Kelly

  Top Comments:
  1. @lifeinthesaddle7002 [2 likes]: My trainer never really taught me how to jump, or the position so im kinda looking at alot of people. And today i really felt like i did good i think i jumped 45cm😊😃 that jump looked huge to it might've been a bit more than 45 but oh well. thanks for the tips (still watching the video)
  2. @Arlecchino-xu4lj [1 likes]: Going to jump 90cm next week really excited and tese tips were really helpful thank u
  3. @chad69-69 [1 likes]: Great techniques and wonderful explanation, I am from India and I ride 6 days a week, including 2 days of Show Jumping and other days consist of regular walk, trot and canter, kindly guide or give me a plan of how can I utilise those 6 days, with my horse, his name is Silver, he is a thoroughbred horse, around the same height of the horse shown in the intro....
  4. @coachkrystalkelly [1 likes]: Let us know what you think of the tips in the comments!

- Horse Jumps ProTips - Ride-A-Course with Todd Minikus: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Yeah. See, that's what I was talking about earlier. That this Americ did take a peek at that first jump. You had to ride it a little strong. So, that was good. Little steady to this wall. Nice. She jumped that. Beautiful. Little strong to Liverpool. Good. Whoa. Whoa. Whoa. Whoa. Whoa. Whoa. One, two, three, four, five, six. Beautiful jump there. That was excellent. I'll do a little kind of some turns now. Oh. Oh. That was very good. Let's give him a raise, Pat. Oh. Oh. Oh. Help. Oh.

  Top Comments:
  1. @janakmedicos9735 [2 likes]: What a majestic horse.
  2. @CJ.Projects28 [1 likes]: Good lesson..thank-you 👍
  3. @jareth7456 [1 likes]: Gorgeous animal
  4. @coffeecat8826 [1 likes]: This horse is a beauty, but where are the tips XD
  5. @janakmedicos9735 [1 likes]: Horse jumping.
  6. @jessicagomez3131 [1 likes]: What breed is this horse so pretty
  7. @maderiere [1 likes]: Tips???
  8. @PiperLadow: Fly into SKAGWAY and see. Fly boy
  9. @huzgonteamfreefire5382: Wow that was amazing
  10. @dioneburt-douglas4942: Totally excited for you and Jammy!! Love watching you and your horses!!
  11. @sterlingarcher9560: What is this sport called ?
  12. @jessikakelch6542: Jessika
  13. @abdulqaadir6510: Pure poetry
  14. @Claire_eq311: Mind telling more about strides and Diagonals meaning like checking diagonals?
  15. @Claire_eq311: Oh wow! These tips will help me a whole lot!
  16. @Claire_eq311: OMG TYSM!! Love the tips! It will help a lot with my horse :)
  17. @chatur-e4m: Great riding sir....every jump was done with beauty
  18. @barrelracingsoldier3270: Wow you are amazing 😉!
  19. @StormyBrandon: Gosh men are so strong and they look so beautiful riding the big jumps. Girl legs always move a bit more. He sounds a little...umm, scared or worried? The ride was great and the horse was pulling at the reigns but he had enough strength and soft hands to pull her back. Great combo, but he doesn't sound confident, although he should be...Also guys tend to ride in front of the girth... Wonder why that is..?
  20. @hannahdunn9747: She needs to learn to work more as a partner and stop pulling at the bit

- - PRO TIPS - Part 2!! 5 Vital Tips To Improve Your Jumping Form!: Kind: captions Language: en Are you looking to learn a new jumping form or improve your current one? Well, you have come to the right place. Welcome to the pro tips series part two. Hey everybody, I've gotten a few questions regarding my jumping form and so today I wanted to share with you five tips that you should always use for learning a new jumping form. This will mostly be about my personal jumping form. So, I'll share some stretches for that, etc. But I think this can be applied when you're learning any new jumping form. Okay, let's jump right in. [Music] Tip number one, stretch and warm up properly. Anytime you're hobby horsing, it's super important to remember to stretch beforehand and warm up, but especially when you're learning a new jumping form, I find it's extra important that you remember to stretch your body out beforehand. Next, I want to teach you my stretch for my jumping form. You're going to bring your front leg forward at a nice jumping degree angle and your back leg backwards at a 90. You're going to really remember to breathe and rise up through the crown of your head. Envision that hip that really feels tense and crunched up dropping into the floor. Really remember to breathe. If you feel comfortable, do some leaning forward to uh imitate your two point. Make sure you lower your jumps to a super nice low height so that you can warm up easily. Then make sure you go through walk, trot, and cander both sides before you start jumping and figuring out your jumping form. Tip number two, practice at a walk. Here you see I approach the jump and just think out how the jumping form is going to work for me. Bringing my legs in the position they're going to be in super slowly and just kind of feeling it out with my body. Making sure I do it both directions and just really feel it out. If that feels pretty good, you can raise the jump and feel it out at a more realistic height. Really, we're taking a lot of time here to feel out how the form feels on our body over a jump. Once you've done that, go ahead and try it at a trot or caner, remembering to just take it easy, do it low, and really feel out how it's going to be for you. Practice double on your hard side. If that's going great, then we can raise it. But before we jump this, we're going to walk it out again. Think out your striding and feel out how you're going to do it over that bigger jump. Then go for it. Yes. Okay, that brings us to tip three. Lower the jump. It's so easy to get distracted and want to get higher and higher. But the best thing to do for your body, especially when learning a new form, is to lower the jump. Anytime you knock it or have trouble, don't go again. Lower the jump and feel it out over the lower jump. Again, I know it's really easy to want to go high, but you're not going to be able to go high if your form is sloppy. If you've done it good over the lower jump, you can raise it again. In the end, taking your time to learn something new, especially for jumping, is going to end up yielding much better results than rushing it. Okay, if you knock it again, another thing you can try is tip number four. Try without a hobby horse. This allows you to stay at the same height. Hop off your hobby horse real quick. Set them someplace safe. Make sure their ears aren't squished. Put the pole back up. Just yourself. Try going over the jump yourself. Here, I'm going to walk it out. Think it out myself again. Just with my hands on my hips here. Good. Thinking out how it's going to go both sides. Perfect. Then try it yourself. Feel it out and see how that feels. If that feels good, grab your hobby horse. Again, I definitely recommend occasionally practicing your jumping without a hobby horse. It's just some great kind of cross trainining that allows you to get even higher. If you're really knocking a lot and it feels super hard, that's going to bring us to tip five, which is walk it out or try again. It's totally okay to take a break occasionally. Try it another day or walk it out for a while and then come back to it. If you try multiple times and it feels really uncomfortable, maybe look to a different jumping form. Just because your favorite jumper uses a form doesn't mean that you have to use it. You might find something that's better for you. If it's going well, though, raise it a bit. Have some fun. Don't raise it too high, though. You don't want to rush things. Just raise it to a height that feels manageable. If it's going good, don't push yourself too hard. End it on a good note. And remember, tip number three, lower it if you knock it. This will really help overall in learning your new jumping form. In the end, remember the most important thing is to have fun. So, don't stress over it. The most important thing is not jumping high. It's having fun and being where you're at. Compare yourself to yourself, not others. One extra little tip, which is remember to cool out and drink a lot of water after you train. You've worked hard. Thank you so much for watching and I hope this helped you if you were trying to learn a new jumping form and were having some trouble with it. Remember to follow these tips and take it easy, but always have fun. That's what hobby horsing is about. Don't forget to like and subscribe and hit the bell. Thank you. hope this helped you if you were trying. hoped this helped you if you were trying to learn a new jumping form but couldn't quite find. hope this helped you whenever and I hope this helped you too. Thank you so much for watching and I hope this helped you. I thought I had it here. hope this helped you improve your Nope. Still blank. I hope this helped you. Hope this helped you. We're going to readjust the camera and we're going to stand. It's going to back up right here. Distracted. We're going to go like this. Nope.

  Top Comments:
  1. @The_ł1v1ńġ_R3pť1ľē [6 likes]: Can you do a vid like this but for good landing in high jump?
  2. @ZZEquestrian [5 likes]: Yes!!! #5 is by far the most important, multiple times especially last year (and still this year) I started comparing myself to everyone else and how high they were jumping, how they were able to have good form on both leads, etc. I kept trying to practice it and change everything around to match them and got super burned out and felt like quitting at some points.
Now I jump when I feel like it, and if I’m not enjoying what I’m doing I stop and do something else.
I’m overall a lot more motivated to hobbyhorse now!
  3. @zoe_eq_cbs [2 likes]: Thank you!!! I have been looking for some good stretches to do before hobbyhorsing
  4. @Woodland_HH-tg2 [2 likes]: I been hobby horsing for 1 1/2 years and I often compare myself which led to me quitting for awhile and now I’m having a really hard time gaining my confidence again
  5. @sdgirlie29 [2 likes]: Hi two things before I do jumps personally when I get nervous I do little stomps and pants around a little bit and then I get before I get the confidence so it used to be high, but I lowered it a bit. I jumped it without the horse because I like to test it before I do it so I lowered it and kept hiring it and I did it and second can you tell us how you can land more softer and quieter cause that’s what I’ve been trying to do and it works horribly. Thank you if you notice it.😀😀😃😃😃❤❤❤
  6. @Daniela451 [1 likes]: Your voice is so soothing and calming😭 also I was on your live!!! Also tysm for the shout-out!!!!!
  7. @RipTide_HH-5 [1 likes]: where did ya get those jumps??
  8. @Kaykay_eq [1 likes]: Hiii! I love your vids, but I do have a slight suggestion. I haven’t been hobby horsing for long (abt 10 months) but I do know that sometimes practicing without a hobby horse can do more damage than good. I did that for a bit, and after I rode my hobby horse again, I couldn’t jump at all. But it rlly depends on the rider! ❤❤❤
  9. @jywadsworth: I rlly love this vid I wanted to improve my jumping and try to get a good form
  10. @Coverslanna: They tell me that he galloped very hard and that I have to do it more slowly but it doesn't come out
  11. @Moon_aka_therianCat: Fajnie wyjebałam się trzęsę się jak nie wiem i kość ogonową napierdala mnie dzienki 👍
  12. @Thewildponystables: Thank you soooo much this really helped with my form
  13. @dechenpalmo1: Hi Mirabelle! I love your jumping form and do the exact same one! I also LOVE your jumps! I have two questions I'm hoping you can answer. If you made or bought the jumps, where did you get the/ how did you make them? I need those ones because my jump currently is too heavy to move around and too bulky. Second question! How do you jumps higher than three foot with this jumping form? I can't seem to get the hang of it because I don't know how.
  14. @Sunshinevalleystable-rx1jc: Hiii so can you make a vid on how to jump high jumps comfortably with a hobbyhorse? I can jump high jumps on my own but it’s hard with the hobbyhorse
  15. @chillicharli_HH_YT: THIS IS SO HELPFULLL❤ thanks 😊
  16. @SunnyDayHorses: Hey quick question have you had a chance to think of a price for that horse picture I sent you? ❤
  17. @Misthobbyhorses: Third!❤
  18. @SunnyDayHorses: EEEEEEEE LOVE IT
  19. @BlueberryWHI-HH: Hiii, first comment and vis!! Loving you and your horses!!❤❤

- How to see a distance to a jump.: Kind: captions Language: en hi I'm Kirsten Kelly patreon is a crowdfunding website that helps fund these videos thank you so much to all my patrons who already support me if you'd like to join them please check out my website Kirsten Kelly equestrian or look in the description of this video [Music] today's video is about finding a stride now especially as an amateur people find it really hard to find a consistent distance and you've what you've got to remember as that a professional gets to jump so many times a week no wonder they can see us tried all the time so what you need to do is get out there and practice now you can't jump your horse every single day without him getting grumpy and sore about it but you can throw rails around the arena either in a circle or in a straight line and you can practice counting down to them every single ride what that does is it helps improve your eye for a distance and so then you start to become so much more confident when you need to slightly adjust the stride or whether you need to move up or shorten so really the biggest thing you can do is get out there and practice and start training your eye so the first way to improve your eye for a distance is by setting out these poles here now there's generally about 10 meters to the to the center for each pole anything smaller than that makes it quite difficult this exercise put you under pressure to find a distance and a very short amount of time so being able to practice the poles in a straight line is a really good exercise but on the circle just adds a bit a little bit extra pressure so I want you to pick up cancer I want you to canter these poles and I want you to look ahead to every single rail so look at this one here thinking read them read them read them rhythm that's it now if every single time you ride a rail you start thinking about how many strides and the beat of the canter then it helps improve your eye so I'm going to give you to count out loud to the next rail and one five and one and one good whoops one two three four one two three four five the excellent brilliant who can walk and rest so once you've worked in over the poles on the ground it's really helped tune up your eye but also it's made hon a lot more adjustable as well then I want you to come down to a couple of single fences and practice similar sort of idea now remember every time you come round and you try to guess when you're six trades away from the jump you get more and more disciplined we are not I'm not trying to teach you to see a perfect straight every time I want you to keep the same consistent rhythm and what that does is it allows the horse to see the jump coming and to be organized and and jump properly so also by you practicing every time counting out loud what it does is it means that you get a lot more practice and you get a lot more organized and you start to get a feeling when the strides there it doesn't matter if it comes up and you count seven or eight just count what's there but if you're only doing one two three that's no good doesn't give you enough time to really hear the beat of the canter so remember you're using two things you're looking for the distance but you're also listening for that beat of the canter which helps you work together with the horse now if you keep coming in and you keep standing off another really good tippers instead of looking at the top rail where most people look look at the ground pile because it helps you get in a little bit closer I think your eye is pretty good as we as it is so let's just leave you're looking at the top rail okay so let's count around the corner see if you can guess where six strides us great job tortilla give them a big pass start looking nice and early through your turn count good girl you always count your last ride so you'll see there that that stride wasn't a perfect one it was a little bit close when you see those distances which are a little bit short what you want to do is lift your chin up because if you lift your chin you can see how it lengthens and engages your core and it helps the horse rock back so never feel like I think that was an ugly stride it was a little closer than perfect but you know he's going to get those he needs to be able to do all sorts of strides so what you have to accept is that if you're not a professional rider who's out there all the time jumping you are going to get a variety of distances you just need to learn to accept it because when you see a deep distance and you lift your chin engage your core you encourage the Worcester rock back he jumps a nice fence if it's a long stride you close your leg you be nice and positive but it's when you see a stride that you don't like and you freeze and do nothing that's when the wheels fall off so what this exercise does is it teaches you to trust what you see and to accept it and the more you start accepting us the more confident you get and seeing your stride all the time nice and consistently and the horse trust learns to trust you you

  Top Comments:
  1. @horsecrazycrafter [94 likes]: when you already know how to judge distance but you want to see how others explain it
  2. @jennal107 [39 likes]: I previously had a trainer that would quite literally get mad at me for picking any distance I saw, long or short. I lost all my confidence and ended up not being able to see any distances. This video was very helpful to me, I appreciate you putting it out there that you just have to trust what you see and make it happen, because when you second guess is when things go wrong.
  3. @bwill3337 [37 likes]: How have I missed this channel!? Short videos to the point, very easy to comprehend!!
  4. @neveahbaranko7271 [32 likes]: This was such a great video for me as a beginner! What color was the horse, he was absolutely beautiful.
  5. @kernow1273 [17 likes]: Love these vids. So easy to follow. Bite sized steps to really help. Thank you!
  6. @bella-tu4jj [9 likes]: why do all the best trainers seem to be in different countries to me
  7. @FidelisEventing [9 likes]: Any tips to slow a fast horse in jumping? My gelding is a long strided horse and rushes jumps espies anything larger then 18 inches,
  8. @ReelAESklarzykVO [4 likes]: This is AMAZING thank you SOO SO SO much!!
  9. @alaynachicko331 [2 likes]: When I go over a jump I always seem to see a longer stride then my horse, wich causes me to 2 point to early. How do I fix that?
  10. @الهرشانيمطلق [1 likes]: Hello, my name is Rashid from Kuwait. I'm a fan of your wonderful songs. I love horseback riding and show jumping, and I want to improve my riding skills. Do you organize training courses? Thank you.
  11. @cattowaxx7785 [1 likes]: So a stride is each step the horse takes?
  12. @LolaFerguson [1 likes]: Slayyyyy
  13. @Oceanpelt-ds1ol [1 likes]: idk how but as a dressage rider i normally see strides pretty well when i do cavaletti 😂
  14. @trevorbowhay8387 [1 likes]: Really good video 👍👍
  15. @ElayMoon: Thank you so so much for this, it honestly helped me so much! I have always had a confidence problem where I would eye down at the jump and hardly lift my chin, making me lose my solid position and freeze in what I am doing. I was never great with accepting distances but your teaching and tips in this video are so helpful!
  16. @EtherealEquestrian: Amazing, incredibly informative videos 👏 cannot thank you enough 🙏
  17. @Eva_Piperazzi: I lose impulsion coming into fences how do i fix that
Love this channel thanks so much for the vid😍
  18. @maryfranchini7608: thank you soo much this is awesome!

- I COMPETED DURING EXAMS! I’ve never been more stressed…: Kind: captions Language: en foreign [Music] hi guys it's Alana and welcome back to my channel for another video now today's going to be a little bit different so yes we are taking star out for another novice qualifier but I am in the middle of my exam period at the minute so when I tell you I am stressed I am stressed and bless him start because I've given them a really easy time a bit whilst I've been having my exams because obviously we've got to focus on your schoolwork and everything like that um stars had barely any work this week so but we need those qualifying schools so we're going to go out we're going to give it a go all we need is just that percentage and hopefully just do our best and have a really really nice time and it'll be a good way to have a little break from the constant hours of studying so it's going to be really stressful today but it's going to be a good day right guys so we've just arrived I'm just letting them have a pick of grass you know chilling out while he's away from home letting him get all used to it today we will be in the brown and gold I just feel like those are his colors and his lucky colors so we need a lot we're gonna get so we've got about 55 minutes to our test so I'm just going to give him a brush get him ready and then we'll head to the warm-up okay so he's all tacked up just get the saddle cover off so left it on him whilst you just stood there because it's Spa um and then I will get on head through right then so star and I are all warmed up we've just come out a couple minutes early just because the indoor warm-up is really warm and it's a bit hot for him he is proper pinion off the floor it feels really really really nice I'm super looking forward to doing it we are in the spooky school so it could go any sort of way um but yeah he feels really nice and I'm hopeful oh okay I am so sweaty now so we have just done novice 24. oh my gosh what a good boy um honestly I'm so pleased with that the entire test was really sweet really nice you just listened to me and you know when you can see a horse is happy doing that little dressage test he was such a good boy we had one little blip right at the very end we have to do a half turn onto the center line before we Halt and I went sitting just to make sure I got his body right and unfortunately he blessing me thought I meant cancer so he had one Strider cancer so but apart from that honestly I am so so pleased I'm not even mad about that one little blip um we still got to work on our medium trots and my given retakes are rubbish he's fine it's me um but apart from that he was honestly such a good way I can't start smiling he's great right then so I just walked around the car park in between tests and then realized we're 10 minutes into my test um I haven't actually warmed him back up again so we headed across to the indoor did a few you know Trot walk trots countertop counters did a few on a Maps got him off my leg again honestly he feels so so nice so I've definitely jinxed it now after saying that and it's all gonna fall apart but regardless I'm so proud of him today because he's just felt great when we haven't had the chance to work together that much recently because of the exams it's just been such a good boy we went to turn left Andy did a spook and was like okay not even sure what art he just obviously took offense at something um and then in the counter he was just a little bit exuberant so he was um he gave me the wrong leg on one of the Transitions and then we just had very ecstatic enthusiastic cancer transitions after that um but now I'm really really pleased with him I don't think that'll be a qualifying score from that test but he was a good boy and he's just he's still just learning blessing so we still have our moments Okay so we've just got the sheets back and we've got a second and third with 69 and 68 I am so so proud of him it's honestly cheered me up so much getting these scores because I was really really stressed about my exams I was really stressed about him not getting the work and he's just proper pulled it out of the bag today um all the schools and all the places are really really close so he's done absolutely fantastic I honestly I'm feeling a bit emotional I'm just like so please and one judge said that we've got a lovely partnership and I got a well sat for a spoof so yay so I'm gonna get him home now get some food and then that is that out in the field now having a little Challenger if you can see in the back he's quite happy to be back home um all that I've got left to do now is just Mark all three thousand horses out and then that is all from me today I super hope you guys enjoyed watching this video coming along with me to my exam stress qualifying competition honestly it's been such a good day to take my mind off things oh well someone's not wearing their mask now Jensen has just taken off his mask um it's been such a good day to be able to just like get my mind off things to de-stress and then get stressed about dressage instead because then I'm stressed about the horse not being worked um and the star was such a good boy proper little gentleman tried his heart out and now he's home oh well So yeah thank you everyone for watching and until next time guys it is goodbye thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @BirdieEquines [3 likes]: Ive got my gcse exams this month, got a few next week, had one last week, and more in June!! still won't keep me away from my poorly pony on boxrest, 3 times a week!! 🙈❤‍🩹
  2. @petrar569: Just one more exam to go and then it's SUMMER!
  3. @Katherinekirbydressage: What a star he is! Well done. Hope your exams go well xx

- HOW TO DEAL WITH HORSE RIDING COMPETITION NERVES | Equestrian Mindset: Kind: captions Language: en Hi guys, welcome back to my channel. Now fingers crossed, it looks like we should all be back out competing by the beginning of April, which is brilliant. However, being that we've all been out of action for so long, I'm pretty sure the competition nerves are probably going to hit us fairly hard. And I'm someone that's always suffered from them. So this is my routine to dealing with the nerves. Breathing properly is one of the simplest ways we can do to help with the nerves. For me, I tend to find my nerves really start creeping in when I'm in the lorry on the way there, or maybe just before I'm about to go in and do a round. That's when I feel my nerves are at their worst. So for me, just taking a couple of really deep, slow breaths takes my focus away from the competition for a moment, and also just gets my heart rate back down. And then I feel like I can kind of refocus and get on with the job. Visualization has been the biggest help to me. It's the one thing that I feel really changed how I cope with my nerves. For me, I'm somebody that the moment I wake up on the day of a show, I feel nervous. So I like to visualize the whole day through. So literally from the moment I get up to getting the horse ready on the lorry, sat in the lorry even. And I do this in kind of fast forward mode. And then when I get to like the show in my head, I will then slow down and really ride the warm-up, making sure that I go through all the movements I want to do to help get that horse ready. And then for this instance, if I'm doing a dressage test, I'll run through the test step-by-step, making sure, you know, I use my corners, that I ride the movement how I want it to be ridden, that I'm even feeling positive as I'm kind of going through it in my head. So as much detail as I can. And then I find that when I get to the show on the actual day, that I've run through this so many times in my head that I'm so much calmer for it. Now obviously, if you're an eventer or a show jumper, you are not always going to know what the course is going to be. In that instance, I tend to just look online, check that I know what the venue looks like, the show jumps they use, and I would make up a course in my head. Still making sure that I hit every stride right, that I've got that perfect canter, that powerful canter to jump the fences out. And that will still help me for on the day. Visualization would be my number one tool to use to help with my mindset. It's a real game-changer. Finding out that anxious and excited emotions are almost identical and the body can't tell the difference between the two, was a really interesting find for me. And actually something that I've put into practice and found really works. It's a little bit crazy, but it does. So for me, it means that anytime I think of a certain competition that's coming up for me, or the week before a show, or even the day of the show, anytime I start feeling anxious and concerned about it for whatever reason, I try and switch it around my head and go, "Actually, this feeling is me super excited." Which deep down is true. I am excited to compete, otherwise I wouldn't do it and the rest of us wouldn't do it. But I try and change that feeling from thinking this is anxious feelings to this is excitement. This is my body going, "Yes, we cannot wait to get out and do what we love the most." Just thinking like that will help. Staying positive can be easier said than done, especially for me. When I was younger, the moment I felt nervous, the negative thoughts sort of swamped my head. But definitely now I'm older, I'm much better. And I try to just remind myself that it is good fun, that we're meant to go out and enjoy ourselves, and to use positive language, even when I'm slightly concerned or feeling a little bit stressed, just still trying to use positive language to just help the day go a little more smoothly. Embracing your nerves is perhaps something that I've learned to do later on in my kind of competition riding. Because at the end of the day, being nervous is part of your body's way of helping you to do your best. And I think if you think like that, then the nerves won't feel quite so bad. Cuz I mean, it the adrenaline is helping me to be sharper, and I feel personally ride better. So I've got to learn to embrace them, rather than think that they're such a negative. And I do think that really does help how you cope with your nerves if you think that actually they're benefiting you. Most importantly, we just have to remember we are so lucky to do such an incredible sport and get to ride these beautiful animals, and to try and embrace those horrible nerves when they affect us. Anyway, I hope this video is of some help, and I do feel sorry for anyone who has really bad nerves, cuz I get them too, and it can put a dampener on the day, but don't let them take over.

  Top Comments:
  1. @harrietterothwell8049 [1 likes]: Thank you. Great advice 😊

- HOW DO I KEEP MY HORSE CALM AT COMPETITION? - Competition Mastery TV Episode 1: Kind: captions Language: en hey competition superstar today we're going to answer the question how to keep my horse calm at a competition in an environment like this with an indoor this closed I'm all by myself it's pretty easy to keep Gretchen calm at a show you're in a new environment which poses can pose a challenge you have other horses which can pose a challenge you have other horses being crazy which can pose a challenge you've got stallions mares and geldings you've got ponies and want bugs you might have some bunting you might have some photographers you might have some bad weather sand hail some wind there's places you can have so how do you keep the horse calm and environment like that the biggest thing is firstly that you are your horses leader if I tell my horse to ride over 2's she goes over there now like I said it's so easy to do in an environment like this so it's important I take all my horses out on hacks I obviously take them to show environments and I make sure that if I want to go somewhere but I get to go somewhere and that's the first thing that you just get there it might be tense I've certainly been in a lot of tests where my horse is early tight the back and the next up and everything's crazy um but you got do you test my horse noise enough so you can't force a horse to relax you can't force a horse to become so there's no point going to a test going I'm just going to force it to become it's not gonna work you can respectfully train and teach your horse that no matter what he goes into environment even if he's scared because he trusts you so I love it when I take a young horse out on a hack and they get scared of a rubbish bin they go I can't go past the rubbish bin I'm gonna die I can't go past the rubbish mean I'm gonna die and I'm talking about the horse that actually thinks it's gonna die that you feel its heart beating under your leg and it's scared what an amazing opportunity to then be broth it's ok it's ok good horse you're the best horse and even if it takes half an hour 5 minutes I don't care I get my horse past the rubbish bin and this is the really cool learning bit the horse learns mum said it was okay and it was if mum says it's okay and that it wasn't the rubbish bin started chasing him down the hill and biting his ass and I'm attacking him like a line my horse is not gonna trust mum much more mom got that totally wrong but if I go into a hundred situations plastic bag a rubbish bin a dog a tree doesn't matter what it is but the horse goes I'm scared and I say it's okay go the horse learns my mum looks after me and if she says it's okay to go past that thing it is going to be okay so that's a really important learning you need to give your horses some horses yeah you go to a Crompton they're exactly the same and they're just not perturbed by their environment but most horses especially like in their youth have to learn that changes in their environment doesn't mean to stress out like I also try and tell my horses they don't need to think I've got them so yes in a paddock if you see a rubbish being freaked out that's you know on you you're all by yourself but when I'm on your back I'm your team member and I've got you and I'll keep you safe and it's that kind of mentality and that kind of leadership that then it makes your horse you know able to go where you want it to go on a competition because there is that amount of trust and bond that you've done with that animal so do it have fun on horses that are really spooky I've set up an arena with flapping you know red tablecloth if your horse is scared of bunting bunt up the arena whatever it is to teach that horse hey that scary thing I've got you it doesn't hurt you it doesn't attack you and you don't need to get upset about it if you liked today's episode make sure you hit the subscribe button so you never miss an episode and if you want to leave a comment I read all my comments so let us know how this helped I'm super super super excited I feel that you know that we have a competition training if you'd like to know how to get better in competition how to overcome competition how to master a warm-up how to remember your test and learn and remember your test so you don't need a caller and you don't forget it I've got that all in my free competition training about for you so click on the link and grab that training and I will see you guys very soon

  Top Comments:
  1. @itslouiseoc [8 likes]: Thank you for this! Could you maybe do a video aswell about how to get your horse used to the warm up arena? I don’t have an opportunity to ride with other horses at home or in lessons so when we go to a competition, my horse gets extremely tense and jumpy when other horses come up cantering from behind him or even from in front of him. Thanks!
  2. @canalfechado1381 [5 likes]: KEEP CALM AND WIN THE COMPETITON
  3. @annigzmn4903 [3 likes]: love ur videos. i wish u would give some lessons in germany. im riding friesans
  4. @caitlinhargreaves145 [2 likes]: my pony is a spazz horse, so rip me at comps
  5. @zoewilliams5468 [1 likes]: I stress out at shows because I find it stressful to be in a warm up arena with other horses and when I’m the jumping arena when someone is doing there show I don’t know where to put myself and stress out so I try to show him that I am not scared even tho I am but he can still feel it and I don’t really know what to do? :) I found your video really helpful!
  6. @lifeofaspottedhorse5197 [1 likes]: Great video! Could you maybe do a video of how to work a horse on his 'bad side' ? One of our horses tends to put everything he have in the right rein not matter on what side we are... he don't want to get on the outside rein and he is really stiff and yeah all in all you can't really ride him correct on his right side but really good on his left.. and yes he don't have any pain or something.. he had a vet check last week:) i am soooooo sorry for my bad english :D I am from germany but i hope you understand what i mean .. ps: the horse is here to train and to correct this problems so it is not our mistake that he ist so bad on one side but maybe you can help me with some trainingideas ❤❤
  7. @martafrancis3488 [1 likes]: This is the patient way to approach spooking.
  8. @TheLimited2us [1 likes]: You are soooo correct Natasha 😘 my horse reversed, turned round, walked in the opposite direction at the white arena markers every time we went out, but with patience, love and encouragement, she would take that brave step after a few back-offs and go past them, but to help alleviate her worries I put them all around my arena to desensitise her and now she doesn't even look at them 😄 xx
  9. @KaelCommentary [1 likes]: hi guys I love your videos my name is Kael and i'm 11 I recently got a brand new horse and I would like to know how to get a hors use to a new environment that they have never been in before thanks guys and keep up the great work
  10. @ClarissaStevens [1 likes]: Exactly! We’re working on this. What’s the best way to tell them it’s ok without coddling?
  11. @jennifersmith299 [1 likes]: Amazing video!! Thank you!!
  12. @Moshk30: I love your vids, and the best thing about you is that you’re not hippocritical
  13. @trash5388: The horse I ride for pony club ( I don’t own him ) he always bolts when we go offsite even at a ribbon day, any advice on how to keep him super calm?

- HOW TO OVERCOME HORSE COMPETITION NERVES: Kind: captions Language: en hey dress ad Superstars welcome to competition Mastery my name is Natasha alof and I'm a Grand Prix dress ad Rider in Australia and um I've done we added it up nearly over 2,000 dress Edge tests so competition Mastery is my way of helping dress Edge Riders and competition Riders um get better results in competition and get the results that they want so I thought out of a all the questions that people send me and all the concerns of the people I coach um the biggest thing when it comes down to competition is people want to know how do they handle their competition nerves and how do they handle their competition anxiety and it's a really really important question because if you know how to perform at your best but then you let competition nerves make you stupid or um like you forget your test even though you know it or you um just get in there and don't ride cuz you freeze in the moment um that's really disappointing and upsetting for you which then means that you might not compete even though you really desperately want to and of course we all go out and compete to do our best like I think of my most happy satisfied competitions and it might not be when I won obviously that's nice too but I nothing makes me happier buzzier more thrilled more excited than um when I go to a competition and I do our best and whether that comes back with a win or even if I don't place if I've done our best test that we're capable of if I've achieved my personal competition goals it's awesome now um I don't suffer from competition nerves because I've trained my brain my body and if there's a third bit like a soul or something to detach completely from the outcome and to not let those nerves um come into you so I wanted to do just a a quick free video on I guess the first step um I've written a book and I have a competition free competition Workshop that explains this in a whole heat more detail so go check it out um but the first thing you want to think about is if you've got competition nerves when did you stop trusting and believing in you nerves comes from youth being scared that you're not going to be able to perform or that you're not going to bring home the result that you want to bring home so when did you stop trusting that you can't bring the result home when did you stop believing that you had what it takes to me that's one of the core epic reasons and I know I've gone really deep really quick um surface level um answers and Surfer level coaching would be oh okay we we'll do a deep breathing exercise and a visualization exercise and they all help as well like I said I have a million strategies on how to overcome competition nerves but I've gone really deep and really hardcore really quickly to just say a lot of the time it comes down to you don't trust and believe in yourself anymore and that's not cool you're awesome I know you are so if you would like to know more about how to overcome your competition nerves surface level visualization and breathing techniques meditations plus all the way deep deep down into why you're really operating how you really operate and how you're really feeling and how you really um manifesting nerves and anxiety um because of what you believe or don't believe about you and your capabilities so I'd love to invite you to my free competition Workshop you can check it out on the link below um and I think it's going to be really really awesome we're going to spend like two weeks together I'm going it's all completely free this is something I want to do to help you with your competition writing we're not only going to explore competition nerves we're going to explore the warm-up and how a really master that warmup as well as how to make sure that you remember your dress hge test every single time or show jumping course or whatever it is that you need to remember so looking forward to having you in the competition success Workshop you guys have a great week and I'll see you soon bye [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @maddy2595 [5 likes]: Thanks Tash!  I'm just starting to get into competing seriously I'm dressage and this was really helpful ❤
  2. @dar6433 [4 likes]: I have a show tomorrow and I get really bad comp nerves. I just freeze up and I get bad distance. Once I get into a class and get nerves It’s hard to shake them off, and it dominos into the rest of my classes. This helped a lot! Thank you!
  3. @arnavpuri6789 [3 likes]: Thank u so very much Natasha. I am a 14 year old rider from India and have been learning English riding since the last 3 months. I have watched every single one of your videos .You, your videos and your journey have truly inspired me to learn more. (Though I am still afraid of cantering). And now I have a competition coming too on 27th March and I am super excited about it .Best of luck for your and your gorgeous stallions' future journey and thank you once again <3


Hoping for a reply from your side
Arnav
  4. @stacyleigh4833 [2 likes]: I really needed this , I have my first ever show coming up this weekend and have been so nervous , you're so amazing and I always look forward to your advice💜
  5. @savanna7315 [2 likes]: This is really great! I'm doing a novice dressage show. I'm not really understanding the patterns of dressage. But I've been watching your videos and I hope they all help on the day. :)
  6. @SilverBunnyStudios [2 likes]: I have my very first horse show this Sunday, and this video has helped a ton. I'm doing a walk trot canter equitation class and a crossrails class, mentally I am thinking omg this is going to be so much fun, but physically I am sure I am going to be nervous the day of the show. But I will try to heed your advice. :)
  7. @StrawberryNora7614 [2 likes]: love Your videos! they are so helpful<3
  8. @RemyWeisbrot [1 likes]: I find your voice so relaxing, de-stressing, and inspiring.  Even if I think a certain video you make has nothing to do with my riding style, I still watch it because I love to listen to you talk, especially since hearing you sound so confident inspires me. :)
  9. @Ella-ok3lh [1 likes]: This video makes me think a lot. I have competed up to medium but I always freeze (like you said) and I get a lower score then i should have. It is super disappointing and it makes me want to give up competing sometimes. I guess it is because i have low confidence in my riding. Thanks!
  10. @michelleterblanchebraack7106 [1 likes]: Love your videos ❤
  11. @simplybyamyxo: Thanks for the video really helpful.
  12. @elsabeers5891: Your horse is so beautiful

- HOW DO I MAKE SURE NERVES DON’T INTERFERE WITH MY COMPETITION RIDING? - Competition Mastery TV Ep8: Kind: captions Language: en hey competition superstars today we're going to answer the question how do I not let nerves interfere with my competition writing the question Quadra where nerves probably won't help you in a competition probably best to leave them at home on the couch and you just bring your merry self to the competition but how do you do that how do you make sure that your nerves don't interfere with your competition firstly check in what pressure have you put on yourself what are your expectations for a competition now I am hugely goal orientated I have books literally books of goals I walk around with four journal slash diary slash goal record things for the year so I'm totally gold centric but when you ask me my goal for the competition it's to do my best to do the best that I can do and then I can bring out of the horse and I always hope that's the only time I'd bother with hope because hope is hopeless because I'm not in control of it but I always hope that my horse is feeling good in its body had a good night's sleep you know I can't control all these things but he's willing to work with me and listen to me and and do bring his best self as well and we just want to do our best I can't of course I have goal I set the goal oh you know 72% seventy-five percent whatever it is but at the end of the day I can't control what the judge is giving out I can't control anything that can happen if it's hailing and I get run into in the warm-up and I've had a flat tire on the way to the competition when I do my best you know it might not be the best of my best but it's the best I could do in that moment and that's why I love competition riding because it's not about how good you can do a flying change at home it's not about how good your half pass was three weeks ago it's about what you can bring it 123 on a Sunday afternoon at that time at that moment in those conditions I love that pressure but I don't feel pressured by it I have a husband I have kids and I have Sunday night Mexican and I don't know if you guys have heard me talk about it before but whether win and I get 75% I'm the biggest champion there is guess what happens I go home and I ate Mexican with my husband and my two kids if I come last and I got eliminated and it's been the worst test of our lives guess what happens I go home I eat Mexican with my husband and my two kids my riding does not define me my competition does not define me it is something I do for fun I know novel idea I actually do it to smile I actually do it to enjoy myself actually do it because I love it and everything that happens when I'm out there is a learning experience now please don't think that oh well it's all right for her she wins all the time I don't win half any other time I come last Austin and I've had horrible things happen to me I've been eliminated I've been bailed out I've been told please don't come back you can't control your horse that happened when I was young my horse took off and it was you know very embarrassing and very oh dear I've gone to a big national Grand Prix competition and my horse kicked out of the arena and yeah but I came dead last traveled all that way to come last but guess what it was kind of fun in the city in the sick horrible journey of it all and the best thing is I have stories to share with you guys to go oh really you think you had a bad competition I think I can beat you and I normally do beat you and I am competitive which means I win in my bad stories of losing if that made any sense but I'm just hoping to die dissect a little bit of my mental state of what happens when I compete and what happens when I do well or don't go well because at the end of the day it's all fun and it's all learning so because I see competing like that I don't get nervous around it and if I do choose to get nervous at a big competition I go that's really silly Tash you're not doing anything useful in the world it's not like you're solving curing cancer it's not like you're solving world hunger you're not really doing anything that important you're just going around in a circle trying to look the prettiest so you get a little bit of a blue ribbon and I'm not saying anything disparaging about a sport I obviously love a sport but when i dilute it to that extent to me i there feel fear when I pressure I'd ever feel no nerves I get to get very giggly at the whole thing so track that helps let me know in the comments what you thought if you liked today's episode make sure you hit the subscribe button so you never miss an episode and if you want to leave a comment I read all my comments so let us know how this helped I'm super super super excited I so let you know that we have a competition training if you'd like to know how to get better in competition how to overcome competition nerves how to master a warm-up how to remember your test and learn and remember your tests so you don't need to call her and you don't forget it I've got that all in my free competition training of our boys so click on the link and grab that training and I will see you guys very soon

  Top Comments:
  1. @lennisemann2002 [4 likes]: I am going to leave my nerves on the couch at home from now on!!  My first show of the year is in a month!  Super exciting!  We still have a couple feet of snow in our backyard and at the barn so it doesn't feel like the show is only a month away!!  So we've been slacking a bit lately but we will get there!
  2. @whitneyhurst6351 [1 likes]: same, whenever I get scared or nervous etc.. I just think it’s unhelpful and move on 😂
  3. @livycharp5927 [1 likes]: Great video and advice! I tend to over think in general so this will most definitely help me and my nerves this competition season.
  4. @debannemacaluso6288 [1 likes]: Thanks for your great advice and demonstrations.  Going off to a show Saturday. I plan to take your advice and leave my nerves on the couch.
  5. @francescawillemsen3765 [1 likes]: Definitely going to do that
Thank you so much 🙏
  6. @servantofgod4512 [1 likes]: Hi Natasha! 
I think this has been your best Pep Talk in 2018 so far! (I do really mean that!)
You remind me that you are just like me! I look at you like you as a role model!
I have a page in my Inpirational riding book of Riders i admire and you are on there!
But really, you can mess up, your horses are just horses, and you have to work just as hard as anyone else!
(I'm not trying to bring you down! :) 

But also you have a great reminder that horse competeing is for fun! 
Don't get angry at your horse because he/ she did not win, because we are doing it to have fun!

Thank You so much Natasha!
  7. @andreamurarikova2990 [1 likes]: This was super helpful! I am taking my licence test in a week and this helped me a lot as I was starting to be a little bit nervous, thank you !
  8. @kippen64 [1 likes]: Great advice!

- poor equestrians - ep 1: basic tips to afford horse riding: Kind: captions Language: en hello fellow poor people no effects or anything I'm Ryan well go to or back to my channel today I am starting the first episode of my new series how to be poor in some ride horses that's not what it's actually called so the first episode is what we're doing today and it's just a little overall tips on how to afford to do this expensive sport full of rich people all of these are actually things that I do and like use I have experience listen to me so the first tip would be to have rich parents who pay for everything or you I'm kidding so my first actual tip is to shop secondhand if three actual stores and then Facebook so I'm gonna start with Facebook there's so much stuff on there and people just want to get rid of it so it's generally really cheap and they also will generally take offers on it you can find literally anything from like clothes to saddles to any other kind of tack the three stores would be tried equestrian used horse stuff and the tack hack all of which I'd ordered from before they're all great Taylor who owns the tried equestrian is like one of the nicest people I've ever talked to and used horse stuff has great customer service I bought preaches from them and they ripped the first time I tried them on and they gave me a full refund and the tack I felt up before and they're all so great and the great thing about these is you can also consign there so you basically send your stuff there they'll send you a free kit you send your stuff to them and you get part of the money with doing like no work my second tip it is that you can't believe other people's biases because a lot of people will have like biases against things especially less expensive things so like just because the horse you have isn't a one hundred thousand dollar import doesn't mean that it's not a good horse there's nothing wrong with things that you have that are cheaper like at all people are just very biased and rude and elitist and you can't let that get to you which is really hard and you need to just buy what you want and what you think will work for you whether other people want it for themselves or not if that makes sense because there's so many people who can afford really expensive things but that doesn't mean that you have to in order to succeed because you really don't my next tip would be to have good relationships with the people at your barn now I want to say you should try to have good relationships with them anyway because they're probably nice people and you know you want to be friendly and all that but there are some selfish reasons to have good relationships and they will save you money or make you money or both first of all people who you have good relationships with especially if they're more wealthy might just like give their stuff away or sell it for really cheap to you because you have a good relationship with them people will literally just give some away my friend got free godo breaches because they didn't fit somebody and she just literally just gave them to her and they were brand-new with tags or if they're selling it they might give you like a discount or let you do payments or something also they might ask you to ride their horse if you have a good relationship with them which is super helpful if you can't afford to have your own horse because then gives you a horse ride maybe they don't want to pay for training rides or they just don't have time to ride their horse all the time lastly if you have a good relationship with people they might give you opportunities to get paid like cleaning their tack which I do at my barn weekly like I signed on email and people pay me and clean their attacks so that's also a good option or babysit their kids either at the barn or at their house or like doing chores for them so yeah they might give you like opportunities to get paid or they might pay you just because you like you did something nice for them and they pay you for it the next thing would be to try to find a working a student position or ask your trainer or barn owner if they have a working student position or they could open one for you working student positions kind of vary and I'm going to probably do a video on it separately but basically it's like you work in return for lessons or board or lease or some like that I'm a working student I work in return for lessons might give me a really good opportunity and it can also be a really great learning opportunity and its really great if you want to eventually go into like a professional field of courses like a trainer or literally anything because you're gonna learn a lot another thing I do want to talk about is not having your own horse is not the end of the world it's very nice and there are a lot of advantages to it but there are alternatives that can be just as good or have like different pros than having your own horse like leasing or riding like extra horses at your barn I don't know if everybody's barn as this but like my barn if a horse like the lesson horse or a horse just doesn't have anybody to ride it that day you can ask them and they'll be like yeah like we have this extra horse that can be a good way to ride a horse even if you don't have your own you could have like an assigned lesson horse so you're always riding the same horse and lessons which can be kind of similar to having your own horse and it is not that I knew the world how do you own a horse is super expensive and if that's the one thing that's keeping you from riding like there are ways to get around it it's better to ride and don't have your own horse than to not right at all I mean having your horse is great but there are ways to ride and enjoy it without having your own horse those are all my tips for today all my like general tips for affording it I will be back with some more episodes to this series I'm planning a idle Ford to horse show like I said I'm gonna do a video on working students so subscribe if you want to see more episodes of this series and I will talk to you guys later comment below if you have any other tips that I maybe missed or that you do to help you afford it bye [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @TOXIC-TAXIDERMY [7 likes]: “Hello fellow poor people…no offense…” I like you already
  2. @Saicontent21 [4 likes]: I have been wanting to go a horse for a while and we are saving up it’s just the vet bills,teeth floating,shots and etc. your vid has helped me along thank you
  3. @Hydrogfrcswiych [3 likes]: Maybe when I’m older my parents are very wealthy but my sister has an expensive soccer hobby so I stopped doing lessons
I also hate feeling like a financial burden I want my sister and my brothers to explore their hobbies even if it’s at my expense 

Once I’m an adult I want to show again! I still love horses :) I’ll work hard in school so I can have it as a hobby
  4. @Barn_Editzzz [2 likes]: “you want to have good relationships with them anyway bc they’re probably nice people friendships and stuff like that 🙄 BUT selfish reasons too!” 
😂😂
  5. @cenk.toplar [1 likes]: This girl I secretly love rides horses. She loves me , she cant control herself. I am normal working person but I fight as a Professional and I keep it as a secret my fight income. Nobody knows. I also wear undergrade clothing because I wanna make sure she loves me ! Because it scares me so much. I dont wanna invite some money hungry person. I heard riding is so expensive. So I wanted to know. I am from Belgium by the way. Its so popular over here in Europe. Its typical Euro-elitist sport while my sport is more famous in working class people category. Her hobby scares me 😅. I dont think i can afford her habits and that would be a deal-braker
  6. @jordangagat [1 likes]: my parents cant stop writhing me
  7. @jordangagat [1 likes]: Can,t afford this lesson was to expensive found a work
  8. @CarlaShibayama-m8i: I wonder where you live?  The countryside?
  9. @gitanashimmy4756: LOVE YOUR VIDEO. We live in Los Angeles, and are very poor. There's a couple stables nearby but not many. My 15.5 yr old daughter wants to lease a horse eventually but she has no experience with them and needs to learn to ride first. She's incredibly responsible and compassionate with animals. We rented a horse one weekend (her only experience) and the horses all gravitated to her. She insisted on spending time petting the horses and they all reached out and hugged her. She's a natural. She's looking to start a first job and thinks being a stable hand might be good as it'll teach her how to properly care for horses and do something meaningful. I want to help her, but have no money for riding lessons. 
1)Anyone know of stables in Los Angeles that allow a person her age with no work experience to do such a job? What can she expect with a job like that? 
2)Will they let her work for lessons instead of paychecks?
3)Any other advice?
  10. @wee0007: This is great! Im looking for other similar down to earth horsey YouTube channels as well if anyone knows of any.
  11. @christinamansen8636: Thank you for this video it was very helpful. The friend part stresses me out. I always worry about borrowing things from new friends, cant imagine borrowing a horse!
  12. @jordangagat: unfortunately inflation is started
  13. @jordangagat: first found a job
  14. @jordangagat: unfortunatelly have a dream about  it ;(
  15. @jordangagat: During inflation lessons was dearness
  16. @jordangagat: Good for famous People
  17. @jordangagat: In poland very expensive
  18. @jordangagat: Not think about this ;(
  19. @jordangagat: Not enough money
  20. @jordangagat: A stable was to far

- How to Afford a Horse: Kind: captions Language: en see this road [Music] so I'm super excited to say that this video is sponsored by Rover and it is literally the perfect thing to share with you guys for this particular video if you're looking to make extra money in order to budget for a horse I know most of you guys are animal lovers if you're watching my channel because it's about animals and Rover is the perfect place for animal lovers and owners alike it sets up pet sitters and dog walkers with owners of the animals that they can walk and take care of and allows owners to have peace of mind and knowing that they're picking someone out that is qualified and caring for their animals and they can feel comfortable leaving their animals in the care of the people that advertise through Rover and on the flip side for people looking to make extra money it is such a perfect way to add to your income because it allows you flexible hours to set your own rates and it is so easy to sign up and use you can start making money pretty much right away it's super easy to sign up the process isn't intensive it's not hard to figure out and it's available in the US Canada and the UK so I know that most of my following resides in those areas so I hope lots of you can have a use for this and can start saving money for your horse in that way the other thing that I want to touch on is that if you are able to offer dog boarding if your house is set up for it or it can be those people on Rover tend to make double the amount of regular pet sitters on the website so that is a super lucrative way to use Rover and I definitely recommend it if you have the means to because first of all it's a lot of fun and you get to hang with dogs and secondly you get to make a ton of money and you make double the amount of sitters who offer different services on Rover which is incredible so a couple of other things I want to mention about Rover is that you do need to be 18 years or older to sign up and there is a background check process but getting a background check done is part of a lot of different jobs and it also allows the animal owners who are looking for people to provide these services to have peace of mind knowing that someone checks and is safe so if you're looking for someone to take care of your animals this is also such a good site to use because you know that these people have been screened and that they're credible completely free to sign up on rover and they only take twenty percent of your income which is so small considering they're connecting you with all of your business and allowing you to use their platform to connect yourself with different types of people that you can make an income from sitters can make up to a thousand dollars a month or more which is amazing especially if you're only using it to supplement your current income so it is truly a really good way to earn some extra money and there's a ton of support if you need help they have 24/7 support team to help you out when you need it so if you're having trouble figuring out ways to make your account stand out and attract customers they're totally there to help you so one of the best things about Rover in my opinion is that you can manage your calendar bookings and payments all through their app or their website which means that you don't have to get a third party app to manage payments in specific that's something that can be really difficult if you're doing entrepreneurial work so it makes it so convenient and honestly it's probably the best way to advertise yourself for animal services and know that you're getting set up with legitimate people know that you're going to get paid and in easy to track manner so I definitely recommend checking it out and I really hope it works out for some of you guys here trying to supplement your income so first things first I don't think that there should be the expectation for parents to buy you a horse I see kids everywhere asking how to convince their parents to buy them a horse or being upset when they don't and I have a big problem with that because horses are very expensive they're a huge commitment financially and timewise so it's not really fair to expect parents to carry the weight of that commitment especially if you're not going to take the steps to show that you're serious about wanting a horse and that you're willing to work for it so I think that no matter what even if your parents do want to help you buy a horse eventually I think that you need to show that you're serious about wanting one and to do that I think that you need to work for it in some way so for those of you who under age it can be hard to find jobs to earn extra money and I totally understand that my best recommendation for you guys would be to ask around your barn if you're already riding and see if they need anyone to do feeding stalls helping tack horses etc that way even if they're not necessarily willing to pay you cash you could set up an arrangement to work off board when you do eventually get a horse that's also a good way to learn more about horses and the industry while you work towards getting your own horse some other options for people who are under 18 would be babysitting getting a paper route doing chores around the house lawn mowing to work at like a restaurant I would definitely recommend starting out in their restaurant industry because they do hire people without much experience you could also look in retail there's tons of options out there but if you're not able to get a job at a store or something I'd say the best places to start would be stable work lawn mowing and garden work or a paper route or babysitting if you're too young to get a job in a restaurant or a different type of job that's on a payroll with a company those would be my main recommendations for you guys and also if your parents are considering buying a horse but are on the fence about it there's things you could do around the house for wise to show that you're very serious and that you really want the horse and also show your dedication to riding and try to help out with your lessons if you can earn any extra money in any way try to offer that to your parents and be like look I'm really serious about helping you out get a horse I really want this I'm willing to do anything and just work show that you're very serious by working that is my number one recommendation some other things that you can do to budget for a horse are selling anything that you have that sellable that you no longer need and clearing out stuff that way it also gets rid of clutter so it's a win-win some other great ways to save money would be to cut back on the amount of food you buy if you tend to buy a lot of food don't buy as many clothes if you're into buying clothes and just kind of cut back on any extras that you're currently spending lots of money on and then tucking that money away to save I would say one of the most important things before getting a horse is to be aware of how much money you're consistently bringing in and aware of how much money you need to support a horse the important thing to realize is that supporting a horse is so much more than just being able to buy the horse and being able to afford horse for the purchase price of the horse is honestly the cheapest part people always say there's even if you've got an expensive horse honestly the purchase price is the cheapest part board is expensive but even the board that's one of the cheaper parts of owning a horse there's vet bills there's farrier and you have to take into account emergency bills if your horse ever has an accident because it's not really if it happens it's when if you're owning horses you're going to have a big fat bill eventually and you need to be prepared for that I would recommend checking out insurance agencies to get your horse insured for medical just in case because if you have a big bill like colic surgery that can run you into the ground like over ten thousand dollars and let's face it most people don't really have that much money tucked away so I would definitely recommend considering insurance and looking up the cost of that in your area I know for me personally it's around thirty dollars per horse a month and I find that a lot easier to manage than tucking away tons and tons of money and try to have over ten thousand dollars saved in the event of a huge surgery bill however there is still a deductible with insurance so you still do need some money tucked away at the very least to pay the adduct to pay the deductible or in the event that your insurance for whatever reason does not cover what happened the other thing to keep in mind is that there's no way to ensure that your horse is going to cost the cheapest in terms of what horses cost there's no way to guarantee that you only get an easy keeper or horse that'll only stay and easy keeper forever there's no way to guarantee that your horse is never going to need shoes or special type of shoeing for whatever problem you can look for horses that are lower maintenance but things can change and it's important to take that into account and it's also important to know how much stuff in your area because the cost of boarding and taking care of horses varies widely depending on where you live I live in a very expensive area for keeping horses the horse sport here is quite high whereas people in other areas might have a lower cost of board depending on the cost of living and the cost of hay and stuff where you live so that's very important to take into account I would recommend doing research and looking around locally to see what the going rate for board is and also the going rate for grain hay farrier basic vet fees etc call around and really just try and find out as much as what you as much as you can so that you're prepared another way to kind of cut back the costs if you're trying to save money especially on board is to kind of like take your expectations for a fancy boarding facility and bring them down a little bit if you give up having things like an indoor arena and you only have an outdoor it sucks because you have to ride in the rain and the snow if it snows where you live but it's generally a lot cheaper and also keeping a horse out on field board instead of in a stall is often cheaper and honestly it's preferable to have your horse out as much as possible in terms of their personal health so if you don't need to have them on stall board for some reasons sometimes it's best to have them outside with the shelter so those are some ways you can cut back on the cost of board for a farrier and vet bills those are pretty non-negotiable because they are routine things that your horse will need if your horse doesn't need any extra vet care for the year usually they're only seeing the vet around twice a year but you still have to take in account vaccines and getting their teeth done those are some regular maintenance things that you need to have done by your vet regularly and farrier you're usually expecting to have them out anywhere from four to eight weeks some horses might be able to go longer than that but generally you're expecting about six weeks that you need the farrier out every six weeks so that's a consistent build that you need to be able to pay and then the other thing to consider is that after buying a horse you do need to buy a lot of different stuff for the horse in order to ride it and be able to use it so you need stuff like brushes blankets a saddle bridle bits protective boots there's a ton of stuff that you'll need to buy and this can run quite expensive so my recommendation to keep those costs down would be to shop secondhand and shop sales so definitely join your local horse groups and keep an eye open and just gradually collect the non size stuff over the years while you save up for your horse I wouldn't recommend okay so those are a lot of things to take into account and honestly horses are very expensive but I would say horse ownership is rewarding however if you genuinely cannot budget for it right now it's a lot more stress than it's worth to be running yourself into the ground work wise just to afford a horse so in the event that you cannot currently afford to own a horse there's tons of different things you can look into still like leasing you can look into half leases which are just a few days a week full leases which are pretty much every day of the week usually around five days a week with two days off or free leases which despite the name aren't actually free you take on the costs of the horse like with board farrier etc without actually having to buy the purchase price of the horse so if you're not in the position where you have the purchase price but you can afford the general care without having to worry about keeping the horse long long term a free lease is a good idea because you can send the horse back if something happens and you can no longer afford it but it's just like having your own horse in a lot of ways some other things you could do are lessons of course that's a really great way to spend your money if you're not super experienced that is just to get more lessons and then the other option is if you cannot afford to do much but you're already at the point where you can ride and do stuff much if you're already at the point where you can ride and do stuff mostly by yourself you could look into people who just see their horse horses exercise and how to find these people I'd recommend joining local Facebook groups that cater to horse people around you and post that you're looking for a horse to ride with your experience level and say that you're maybe willing to clean some or do some work around the barn to help out and there's always lots of people looking for people to ride another option that's kind of similar is a working student position you could go work for a barn and do stuff like cleaning stalls tacking horses grooming sometimes hacking and warming up and in return they'll give you lessons and stuff so that can be another good option and you also typically tend to learn a lot if you do something like that so it's definitely worth it in my opinion to consider options like that if you can't own a horse currently and it's also important to remember even if it doesn't feel like it right now the odds are that you will eventually get to a point in your life where owning a horse is a realistic goal that you can actually reach so don't feel bad about yourself currently if you cannot afford one or if your parents won't buy you one because there's so many people who are in the same boat as you make the best of the situation you have before you buy a horse and get on as many different horses as you can and just try to broaden your knowledge of horses while you can and while you don't have the huge financial responsibility of owning a horse so I hope this was helpful and I hope this gave you guys some ideas of how you could budget for a horse for me personally how I budget is by working full time and then I also have stuff like my teespring business with my merchandise that I make money off of and obviously the YouTube videos and stuff I get ad money from that and for my blog post but you guys also have to keep in mind that I am an adult and I am able to work a lot more than students can for me personally I take a 60% course load so it's not technically a full course load of five courses I take three which allows me to work full-time while I'm in school and that allows me to afford my horses and I also have a pretty well-paying job but I've had to work up to the point of getting paid as much as I do and then yeah the ad money and stuff does really help me out for extra costs and I have my horses insured always but yeah like it's been a lot of saving and it's been a lot of hard work to get to the point where I am and now because of my work in the horse industry acquiring horses for a good price is a lot easier than what it would have been when I was younger and I have the experience level to get cheaper horses that I can train up to do what I want so it is more affordable for me now than it was when I was a lot younger and when I was younger I was doing stuff like working around the barn and stuff whereas now I do stuff like horse training galloping racehorses and then the YouTube blogging etc and I also sometimes do freelance writing so it has changed as I've gotten older and it's given me more of an ability to support myself so as you get older and as you get better jobs and you work up the ranks in the workforce you're going to be able to do more so don't feel too bad about things currently especially if you're in school especially if you're in university and you're paying for it yourself I know the feeling I'm doing the same it's very expensive and it's really hard to manage and honestly if I didn't have horses I'd have a lot more money I'm don't have much money at all because of the horses so don't feel bad if you have to wait good things happen to those who wait and sorting it out so that you can get a horse without having a ton of stress about affording it will be so much sweeter in the end so I really hope that this helps you guys out with some ideas on how to afford horses and I really wish all of you the best in getting into horses and being able to do what you love

  Top Comments:
  1. @fiorideisole [4 likes]: Thank you for making this, Shelby! I know that owning a horse is still a long ways away from me, unfortunately. I recently had to put off lessons for a little while in order to build up a savings again. I want all of the students (particularly American students) who are reading this to know that horse ownership may seem affordable right now but once you graduate college and have to start paying back your student loans and other life expenses, shit will get expensive FAST. Please fully think through how you will be able to afford a horse for long term. Always put the best interest for the animal in mind FIRST over what you may want for yourself.
  2. @Starry_Night_Sky7455 [3 likes]: How to afford a horse?  The best horses are those by Schleich and Breyer.  Easy keepers!
  3. @charlotte_m_t [3 likes]: I have been riding for 9 yrs and I am 13. I really need a job bc my trainer wants to give me this horse bc she can't afford to keep it and my parents are gonna pitch in a bit but I will be paying board and supplements. Any job ideas?
  4. @Dallas6101 [3 likes]: In your experience how does horse insurance work? How do you decide how much to insure your horse for? What kind of insurance do you have for your horses?
  5. @Patti-1962 [3 likes]: Owning a horse is SO expensive. I owned a horse while growing up, but I boarded at a barn where I had to go feed her everyday and clean her stall etc . Just to let you know how old I am, my parents paid $20 per month to board my horse. I felt very fortunate to be a stay at home mom for my two boys, but when they were both in school... I started thinking about owning a horse again. I am a violinist, so I started a business teaching lessons after school. Once I built my business, I bought my mare. I made a great living from my job, but most of my salary went to her expenses.($600-$1000 per month, depending on what she needed from the vet and farrier.) The initial cost of purchasing my horse, saddle, bridle and ALL the other things I needed was around $10,000. This is the reality of horse ownership. I know it can be done cheaper, but I think my experience is more the norm. 
I was the only adult rider at my barn, so I had the mornings alone to ride( the ring to myself!) and take my lessons!  My trainer rented the barn, so she allowed me to take care of the barn on weekends. This is when many of the riders/ horses and our trainer were at shows. I had full responsibility for the barn (cleaning stalls, turn out and putting on rugs, giving medicine, and whatever else needed doing). Then she would give me free lessons! My husband and sons would come with me to help. My sons are now married with children of their own, but the STILL talk about how much fun it was to spend the weekends at the barn when they were younger!!!!
  6. @maelynn3160 [1 likes]: I am a 13 year old. But I’ve been riding since I was 7. I’ve given up lots of things including in person school for horseback. (I’ve done cyber for almost 3 1/2  years now) my parents would absolutely pay for a horse for me if they had the money. But they don’t and it’s not there fault. However I am fully able to pay for the horse myself, I just need a cover for the down payment. Looking to my aunt for help but first I’m doing extensive research on it all. I have lots of experience and have consulted my trainer. She agrees and I have a place for the horse. But just wanted to share my story
  7. @ellaharris3654 [1 likes]: I’ve been begging for a horse of my own for 11 years I’m giving up on hope. I was so close to getting a horse one time, however we lost A lot of money due to reasons I can’t say... my mum hasn’t got the money and it’s impossible for us to even get a loan or a share and I’m distraught.. I don’t know what to do. The horse I need would cost up to around £6,000 for me 😫
  8. @ameliabrenes1428 [1 likes]: I got my horse for free (not because he is just a companion or hard to handle, etc.) but for me it’s having the horse that is expensive.
I’m hoping that when I go off to college in 2-3 years that I can bring him with me. I’m hoping to go to one where there is a stable on campus/equestrian team so that should help. I will have to work kind of a lot, but not overly and I’m already budgeting things out and am going to work during the summers from now on as well as leasing my horse out during my gap year.
So I’m trying all that I can to be able to keep him! I don’t want to be the people who sells their horse because they go to college 😞
  9. @MoiraMcCoy [1 likes]: starts signing up for rover
Shelby: You must be 18
 closes tab
only 2 more years lolol
  10. @madshaines1223 [1 likes]: I dont turn 18 for a few more years but when i do i will definetly do this when i do!
  11. @equineelli2726: Your intro is fire xx
  12. @anoukkrabben1252: I have my own horse since 4 months ago and it was for sure the best decision I made. I actually was asking for a horse since I was 7 years old and then I saw a nice advertisement and asked my parents again and then they finally agreed! I’m working fulltime at a restaurant now but will be a student again which will mean it will be a little bit harder because I’m a shopaholic for my horse especially for PS of Sweden 😂 So I guess I should just accept the fact that I can buy less new stuff. And about the insurance, if you buy a insurance here in The Netherlands then you won’t be insured for the most common sicknesses or operations sadly..
  13. @peemaster5665: I'm thirteen and I would like to make some money to get a horse because my family can't afford it but they said I could pay for it but there is no jobs I can do. This is for 18 and older :(
  14. @catholicschoolrejects7854: I bought my horse when i was 13 i paid for her and the shelter and fence (she lives at my house) with money id saved since i was tiny (i never used my allowance) i was lucky my parents agreed to pay for vet bills. Since a year into having her she needed 18 months of non surgical treatment for a bone chip in her pastern.
  15. @pernunculous: This vid has barely any likes or comments
  16. @paulinapalaciobotero5686: Love your channel, I really want a horse but in my country is not legal to have an official job until 16 but I been doing some things to pay the board, my parents said yes to the horse but they just gonna pay half of the board and me the rest...
  17. @airplainsmsp2642: Im moving soon to a farm and getting my first 3 horses. My mom use to own horses so I'm getting a foal because she cab train them so I dont have to pay for boarding and foals are cheaper because they are green.
  18. @briannamercedes4016: I’m saving up to buy a car so I can eventually work part time at a barn in exchange for lessons. Because no one wants to drive me anymore lol. Right now I work in the Beauty industry and that means I have to buy a lot of makeup 🙄 but I’d rather spend my money on ponies lol.
  19. @inkakomonen: Lol now tell me how to afford the horse I already have. I have a full time job (not great pay tho) and usually live off of plain macaroni to pay my farrier bills 😂
  20. @leahbegg6463: Love ur vids I just have 1 question we’ll actually 2 1. What breed is milo and 2. Where did u get ur hakamore and loveeee ur content especially the vids u do jumping ur so good u should do a vid on tip or hacks for ur horse loveeee u ur biggest fan leah and my pony darcy he’s a grey welsh

- How to Choose What Browband Colour for a Horse Show | WSS EQUESTRIAN Show Horse Preparation: Kind: captions Language: en what brow band do you choose when you're attending an egg show and you need to have a blingy brow band hi guys Wendy from WSS question welcome to my video on how to choose your brow blend for showing here at Australian AG shows so let's jump into it so just for a quick example this is my DIY handmade rubbing by marks done for partner I made this back in 2019 because I live at home and I couldn't find at the time I literally you know could not finance and pay for a brand new brow band if that makes sense and that is the reality of it for those that live out at home that don't have parents to buy everything for them if that makes sense and they they like I was working uh in a pharmacy and I was on the bare minimum of an income if that makes sense like back then I think I was on 25 30 000 a year and like that's it set me off on my entrepreneur Journey for those that don't know I am side hustling like a at the moment um so yeah at the time I physically could not afford to buy a brand new Robin so and it's I didn't myself but I don't recommend it if that makes sense buying a professionally made brow band has a much nicer need to finish on top of that but here's just some examples this is sorry for dribble on there this is a blue one and this is my red one sorry this problem was made for me by Tammy uh elegant equine Robin and accessories for the Sydney Royal show with Teddy and this is his double Bridle so when it comes to choosing your brow bin color there is no right or wrong there is no rule saying You must show your horse in a red ball band no no no no no there is no rule uh it's completely up to you as the show horse rider to choose what brow band you decide to show in but please bear in mind two important factors one being you need to stand out in the crowd amongst the horses it's all happening go go lots of horses judges in the middle going we're we're whizzed around by all these horses and ponies beautiful horses and ponies and she's got to try and decipher and you know sort through these horses to pick her winner and one way of doing that is when your horse is obviously are competing correctly not making up not making mistakes it's very important to give factors of yourself in your presentation to help you stand out from the rest of the crowd a lot of people do show in red and that's that doesn't matter that's okay but you need to keep mind to be different have something stand out and grab that judge's attention at the end of the day showing a big factor of showing is optical illusion and attention grabbing you need to grab the attention of that judge to help you stand out in the field of all these beautifully presented horses give her something to remember you by because more often than not an ad shows you don't have the numbers on the chest like the number holders on the chest of the horse so you need you need elements of knee and tidiness flow in your overall presentation to help you stand out in the show ring if that makes sense so really important that when you pick your brow band that you make sure that the brow band is coordinated with the rest of your outfit the label pin which is like the Coronet the Coronet coronation Carnation this part they make this part here can be made into a brooch a label pin and you stick that on your jacket up high on the collar you stick that there you obviously try and coordinate with your vest if you are one to ride with a vest um and then any other little elements of factors you try and neatly entirely match it all together you do not try and have a pink brow band a yellow vest a blue label pin if that makes sense that is yucky that is messy that is all over the shop that screams got no idea and that's okay we all start off like that but that's why I'm making this video I I want you to hit the show ring with the knowledge that you need to look neat and tidy you need a flow you need a flow smooth flow on effect when you present to the show ring of neat and tidy well presented Rider that takes care of the Minor Details and then another thing I want to talk about too is the silver detailing instead of going gold detailing here I make sure that I have silver detailing because my bridles have silver bits and silver buckles okay it's really really really important guys that you make sure that you intertwine all these finer details because it on show day once it's all come together with the tack your ride is the outfit it all Shines on the stage bright as so that I hope is a helpful bit of detail when it comes to choosing your show brow band color again no rules obviously for example the saddle the answer Association and Australian National subtle Association who I used to be a member a few years ago they have a dress code you've got to present in their uniform their shirt and tie and you need to wear their saddle pad which is a navy red subtle probably their logo on it and in the bridal section you need you can only ride in a snaffle bit in a snaffle Bridle and you can only present either in a plain brow band or the colored brow bin of red Navy and white they're your options that is an example speaking from experience from that Association obviously there are other clubs and associations with their own rules it's up to you as the writer to figure out those rules if that makes sense go to their websites or go to their Facebook groups and ask the questions to learn and better yourself as a question rather so I hope that was helpful if you've got any other questions please leave that in the comment section down below this Bridle is a white horse equestrian Bridle this is my Royal showing Bridle this Bridle over here with my DIY brow band this is a cheapy from Newmarket salary I think it's like 49 39 on their website could be 59.49 something online signs just a cheap leather Bridle does the job at low level showing but when you want to pull out the big guns this is one of my all-time favorite salaries and that is White House equestrian really good products I think this bra from memory this Bridal is around and 400 from memory from memory I I previously in all the videos said like 200 new it was a lot more money uh maybe it's going out since when I first bought it but and it's got a Weymouth double bridle on it the snuffle and the way now and the chain and the chain protector all right guys hope that was helpful I'll see you next video good luck below your shower's presentation I am cheering you on and I'm proud of you for making the effort to improve your show horse presentation all right I'll see you next video bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @miasloman [1 likes]: I have an orange and purple brow band it annoys everyone but it goes with my uniform and go big or go home i guess
  2. @shelllinton4690 [1 likes]: I’m so over everyone in red lol

- how to afford horses | being an equestrian on a budget: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hey guys welcome or welcome back to my channel hi if you're new my name is Sarah and I'm a 17 year old legally blind equestrian quick disclaimer if you hear a noise in the background um like noise outside that is because we have a hurricane currently so just ignore that and then anyways today's video is going to be how to afford horses so even if you don't own your own horse this video can still apply to you because I will be sharing tips that can work um either way even if you don't own your own horse and you just lessen or you lease and you show whatever you do I I just want to say I don't own a horse currently I'm hoping to in the future and I'm doing my research so all these tips I've gotten from other people but anyways let's get started so this one kind of may seem obvious but have a job it really helps especially to have one where you're working the same amount same amount of hours every week and you have a fixed income this way you know for sure if you're gonna be able to cover a show coming up or your lease or your lessons whatever or if your schedule allows to have a second job next thing is have a few side hustles it's really good to have some extra side money coming in besides your fixed income so as my like job I work at a grocery store and then I'm possible I'm probably gonna start working at a clothing store very soon and then um for side hustles I manage the social media for my mom's business I walk a neighbor's dog I um sell beaded brow bands to pay for my trophies speaking of make sure you go check out my Etsy it will be linked down below and then also I'm currently learning how to braid manes to be able to pay for my show fees because let's face it shows are expensive next thing find a working student position working student positions uh help so much and a lot of different positions have different deals worked out most of them you work off your lessons others it's lease fees or others it's bored it really depends on the deal you have but definitely either um ask the barn manager at your barn um asking if they have any working stream positions open or if there's a way you could work off your lessons and if they don't be patient because one may open up in the future and it's also a really good um way to get experience and more knowledge especially if you want to do something professional in the horse industry my next two things kind of uh tie in together but the first one is buy stuff used so whether it's horse tack or clothes or anything you need definitely Facebook Marketplace or Facebook groups is a great place to look you guys live in Wellington uh you may know on course Consignment and it is a writing consignment shop and they don't just sell riding clothes they sell boots four horses and people uh Saddles attack um bits helmets um just anything you need and even if you don't live in the Wellington area they do have a website and an Instagram where you can buy stuff off of there so I definitely recommend check it out because I've gotten two of my show shirts for forty dollars each and I think each of them are about a hundred dollars each so consignment shops are definitely the place to go and also if you live in a more horse area like if you live in Lexington um Ocala Wellington you you'll definitely be able to find a horse consignment place and if not Facebook groups definitely check out Facebook groups there are a bunch out there and you can definitely find what you need now my next tip is buy stuff as you need them don't buy another pair of RJ Classics breeches until yours are destroyed or you need one for shows buy stuff as you need them don't buy a new show shirt until you actually need one wait to buy stuff until you actually need them don't buy a bunch of stuff just because you want it and this also ties into horses when you get your own horse don't buy everything you could possibly need buy stuff as you need them just get the Bare Essentials and then buy stuff when you actually need them because it's going to save you money in the long run and I'm sure half the stuff you buy the stuff you think you're gonna need you're not gonna use half of them my next thing is budget even if you don't own a horse and you're just lessening and showing or Leasing and showing whatever you're doing budget because it is the worst feeling when there's an upcoming show that you can't do because you blew your whole paycheck on a Dover order always put money aside for shows make sure you have enough money for lessons this way you don't regret spending all that money that you could have spent on a show but if you want a video on how to budget as an equestrian I could definitely make a video about that just let me know if that's something you guys want to see my next thing is find human equivalents to horse stuff so this can either go for Horse and Rider starting off with Ryder you don't always need to buy specifically riding clothes you can always find good either knockoffs of riding clothes or just athletic clothes so you don't have to buy a fancy writing Polo you can just go to Walmart or Target and get a polo and especially with riding clothes they cost three times more than like non-riding clothes so definitely check out athletic clothes as a good alternative to riding clothes if you want to save some money another good example um like I said I'm learning to braid memes so I got this makeup um case from TJ Maxx to put my writing stuff in it that was like 15 to 20 dollars and a braiding box is like 50. another example um is for your horse uh let's just say they take a magnesium supplement yeah they're specific magnesium supplements for horses but you can find cheaper ones that work just as well and are cheaper but obviously make sure it is safe for your horse before you give it to them but there's stuff you can find out there that are for humans but work well for horses too my next thing is don't show if you don't have to or if you don't want to a lot of people think that you have to show in order to be valid in the equestrian world or just to be good you don't I personally like to show because I'm a very competitive person so that's why I like to show but some people don't enjoy showing and they're just they think they have to do it in order to be good or they're pressured into doing it by their trainers or their barn or whatever that is one of the big expenses that comes with the sport if you show that is when the more expensive parts of course along with the maintenance and upkeep of a horse but if you don't want to show don't show because that's going to save you a lot of money have good relationships with people at your barn and I mean of course you should have you should be friendly with people at your barn and stuff but when I say have good relationships you just don't know how that could affect you in the future because you can get some really good opportunities um for that so if they know you really well they may let you ride their horse um a few days a week uh like just to exercise it and not charge you or um you know they may have extra riding clothes that they don't wear anymore or don't fit them and you can get hand-me-downs or there's just a lot of stuff that can come from having good and then next thing is find writing opportunities so this kind of Falls in with that um like I said if there's someone you really know at your barn they may let you ride their horse um because either they don't want to or they just need someone to exercise their horse um like a good example of this one of the borders at my old barn don't want to ride her horse um and he needed to be ridden so she's like hey do you want to ride him I'm like yeah sure I mean I checked with my trainer and it was fine but I got an extra ride that day so sometimes it could be really beneficial and over time it can be a reoccurring thing and then even if you want to ride more and you're just taking lessons and you can't afford to lease you can definitely find riding opportunities through Facebook groups so just say hey I'm in search of a horse try this is my experience and you can be able to ride horses for people for free or they may pay you it really depends I almost had a writing opportunity in May to ride someone's um project Pony but I didn't end up doing it because I was like so busy that summer and sometimes with those agreements they may have you take a lesson with their trainer at their Barn most of the time it really depends on the agreement you have with that person so they may have you take a less and they may just have you um hack the horse a few days a week it really depends next two things kind of tie in together utilize financial help if your family is willing to help you pay for that extra lesson a week or help you pay for your trophies let them help you because it's gonna help you a lot and my next thing is take advantage of holidays so your birthday Christmas Hanukkah whatever you celebrate when they ask you what you want for Christmas tell them stuff you want or stuff you need like if there's something you really need for your horse ask them for it because it's going to save you money if there's something you want that you don't want to buy yourself ask them for it it it's just gonna help you out so much even with stuff you don't need and you just want like a new pair of breeches or a new saddle pad it's really helpful now on to the more specific tips to if you're on your own okay so if you are currently boarding at a really big show barn and you're planning on getting a horse and their board is like so expensive then I'd recommend finding a cheaper Barn if you can't afford it or if they're more affordable options out there for Barns and when if you're looking for a more affordable Barn just look for the bare necessities of what you need okay my camera stopped recording but anyways I was just saying if you're you're currently riding at a very big show barn and you know the board's too much um and there are other affordable options out there for barns I definitely suggest looking into them because you know you don't need an air-conditioned tack room a lounge you know you don't need all this fancy stuff I mean if you want it and you can afford it that's great but you know if you can't or you don't want to pay that much for a board like if you have the money and you want to pay that much for board awesome but you know if you don't then I definitely suggest looking for more affordable options out there just because it's going to help you out in the long run and think about the Necessities you want next thing is have your horse go barefoot if they don't need shoes I mean if they need shoes yeah you can't avoid that but if it is possible next thing use your horse for lessons so some barns have it where if you let them use your horse for lessons you get a cheaper board which this can help you out but I know either can't work for all situations like if your horse is really green and you're teaching it yeah that may not work putting it in a lesson program or um if you have a really nice horse and you don't want lesson kids to ruin it I get that you know it's not possible for all situations if you can put your horse into a lesson program to get a cheaper board I definitely recommend it next thing is lease your horse out yes I know when we get our own horse all we want to do is just ride it and have it to ourselves but sometimes either you need help paying for board or you can't get out to the barn like a few days a week it's really good to have your horse exercise and that's what helps with the leaser now I'm not saying you have to lease your horse out like four to six days a week just like two maybe three days a week um and it will help you out a lot with paying with board and other expenses for your horse next thing is cut costs if possible like I said um if your horse can go barefoot definitely try that because it's going to save you some money and if you can find a more affordable Barn to board your horse hat awesome and some barns offer pasture board and stall board and pasture board is a lot cheaper so if your horse likes to be outside and a lot of time it's much better for them to be outside more and that's going to help you a lot if your horse can be outside for long periods of time I definitely recommend trying uh pasture board because it is much cheaper than stall board my next two things kind of uh tie together is first off get insurance for your horse because horses let's face it are stupid um and they don't use the brains sometimes so they do get hurt quite a bit let's just be honest that's how it is it's inevitable it's gonna happen so get insurance for your horse and obviously Insurance isn't always going to cover everything so I always recommend have an emergency fund for your horse my mom said I'm not allowed to get a horse until I have five thousand dollars saved up and I think that's a good amount um because you don't know what will happen to your horse I mean they're animals they're not robots so can happen that is it for today's video guys I really hoped you enjoyed and don't forget to subscribe and hope you guys stay safe and healthy

- HOW TO AFFORD A HORSE!! tips & tricks: Kind: captions Language: en disclaimer please ignore my dogs missing around in the background I can't control them they're just gonna do this the entire time so if you don't want to look at my ugly face you can look at them [Music] hell equestrians its Claire here and today I am just going to tell you guys some tips and tricks of just stuff I've learned in the past through my personal experiences on how to safely and responsibly afford a horse so let's get into it so I get questions from you guys all the time about how do i afford a horse I really want a horse but can't afford it and to those of you who believe the common misconception that everyone who rides horses is rich that is false so the first thing I would say to help you better afford a horse even before you start thinking about buying the horse is having a budget now I am eighteen years old and I am the one who's solely responsible for paying for and taking care of my horse so I have a budget that I do every month that basically just sets aside a certain amount of money each month that I'm going to need for these things to make sure that I'm going to have enough money to afford my horse now the budgeting app that I use is called YNAB and it's really cool it like links up with your banking account and everything but you know in my budget I include farrier vet board lessons supplements worming all of those things I include in my budget I calculate how much money I'm going to spend on this per month now a lot of you are not quite old enough yet to have a real legal job I guess if you're not 16 yet or however old it is where you live but lots of the time in the agriculture business in like barns and stuff like that you can work there and when you're younger for money everything is different with the agricultural industry so you know some things you can do is when I was younger and my parents were helping me out pay for my lessons and everything and Leasing I actually worked at the barn that I wrote at in order to get money off my lessons so I would go to my lessons early and clean stalls I would rake the aisles I would water the horses I would feed the horses all of this stuff just so that I could get some money off of my lessons so that I could ride more and all that good stuff and then once you start getting older and everything and it just kind of depends where you are and the barn so you know there's always things out there you could do for money you just have to go to different barns and talk to different trainers and say hey is there anything I can do to earn some money or money off my lessons or money off my lease or stuff like that there are options out there you just have to find them and then once you start getting older you can get actual jobs that have an actual pay and are like legal jobs and you pay taxes and everything for I currently work as a writing instructor I work as a social media / marketing manager for a horse barn I work at a shoe barn and I nanny kids and I might be soon getting another job stay tuned for that but yeah I'm pretty busy so you have to be dedicated is my next tip you really really have to be dedicated to your horse all of the money I make go straight to my horse maybe everyone so I'll have a little bit of extra money that I'll buy something for myself but you just have to be dedicated and know that I almost all of your money's gonna have to go to your horse and be okay with that the next tip that I have for you guys is you don't have to buy everything new so you know you can always buy tack or supplies or stuff that you need online that's been used or from friends or stuff like that like my saddles that I have I both bought myself and I both bought used one I found off eBay my jumping saddle and then my dressage saddle I found from a friend online that I knew from Instagram and you know I just you have to look around if you bought every single horse related item tack related item brand-spankin'-new you would be broke and nobody expects people to buy everything new like my jumping style I think it's honestly like 15 years old at least right now and it's great and I love it but you just have to look out there there's a bunch of Facebook groups called like English tack for sale you know stuff like that that people put out there and there's some cheap things that are great quality you just have to look and make the initiative to save money on things you know you have to be okay with not getting everything brand new and then also only get what you need you don't have to buy everything you would ever need ever for a horse right away you can buy things as they come like if you get a horse and it turns out your saddle doesn't quite figure horse that you already have then you can buy a half pad you don't need to buy a half pad ahead of time you know stuff like that only give what you need when you need it if you're not going to need it then why would you buy it it doesn't make sense the next tip I would have is to prevent injuries as much as you possibly can yes I know you can't prevent your horse from getting hurt it's just gonna happen if it's gonna happen but you could be extra extra cautious like if you see your horse a little bit off or limping a little bit take the initiative to do something about it and fix it before it gets worse and you end up having to spend a ton of money on a trip to the vet and medicines and all of that crap prevent it if your will says leg is a little bit swollen and you're like no they're just stocked up they'll be fine don't ride them cold hose their leg for a little bit hand walk done you know you know what I'm saying like like take extra extra care of your worst and it will save you money just bubble wrap them as best as you can without physically wrapping them in bubble wrap that makes sense probably does it but just say okay another thing is utilize help from family members so like if you have a family that was willing to help you pay for that horse let them um my mom did help me pay for my horse up until I turned 18 of course I did pay for a lot of things from my horse but I wasn't solely responsible for all of that I am 18 now and graduated from high school so I am completely in charge of all my horse expenses and all of that jazz if you have family members parents um grandparents anything that is willing to help you afford a horse let them also like birthdays and Christmas ask for things that your horse needs or for like money for your horse you know utilize that time where people give things to you to get stuff you knee if that makes any sense like I know Christmas and my birthday everyone would always say Clara what does your horse want for your birthday instead of you know Claire what do you want for your birthday because I would only ask for stuff for my horse okay guys thank you all so much for watching I hope you all enjoyed it hope this helps some of you horses are an extremely extremely amazing thing and are awesome to have but they are a huge responsibility and a huge expense so make sure you have your expenses covered before you get your horse you know you want to be a safe and good horse mama or data to the few of you male equestrians out there so yeah keep your eyes peeled for another video in this series that's coming out of first horse I guess you could call it I'm making this video and then I'm going to make another video on things you need for your first horse like first horse and necessities everything we'll need to know so that is coming out soon comment below if you have any other ideas of videos topics you want me to talk about in this first horse / first time horse owners series I guess so for the thousandth time thank you all so very much for watching I hope you very much enjoy it and I'll see you guys on the next video bye my nose is so itchy she's trying to bite my hand huh y'all know what I'm saying buy what you need not what you want okay I hate myself for just doing that you guys should all just unsubscribe to me now so thanks I'm so so so sorry I'll show you guys you should follow me on Instagram because they post pretty pictures and you guys should follow me on Twitter because I say funny things and yeah subscribe because I make videos that no one wants to watch hashtag self-promotion 2af I apologize I can't help it okay bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @bvenable8837 [2 likes]: This video is great! I’m fourteen years old and am going to get my own horse in the next year! I have a job of my own and can afford to pay my own board. My mom has agreed to pay for the actual horse after seeing how dedicated I’ve been to the process of working to afford this! Im so excited!
  2. @LivinLifeNowGoAway [2 likes]: Claire: if you don't want to look at my ugly face just look at them

Me: your not ugly you are just stunning / beautiful
  3. @444_autumn_inspo [2 likes]: Your not ugly, your beautiful in your own way 🤗
  4. @redrubyflames10 [1 likes]: Thank you so much this is sooo helpful and btw you’re so beautiful
  5. @justanothercowgirl2791 [1 likes]: People think we're rich because we have horses, no. We are poor because we have horses.
  6. @DayaSVlogzZ [1 likes]: Ok I told my mom about the ideas and she didn’t listen…she cut me off and just said no in a whole bunch of different ways. I really wish I had a horse and had the privilege of having a horse. Even though it’s been 13 years since I’ve wanted a horse and have never gotten one I would never give up.I try every day to show my mom that I’m actually desperate to own a horse and responsible enough to own one. But she doesn’t bother to listen when I tell her something related to horses. But nevertheless I would never ever think to give up my dream to own a horse.                                       <3
  7. @rafealborbon8482: Well, let me tell you one thing I would love to get married with that ugly face and give you a kiss every morning and every night even whenever you cook dinner and also every time I look at you
  8. @mamishova.067: OMG YOU ARE SO PRETTY, that's literally the first thing that came too my mind 😍
  9. @Spiritualpanda2: I’d give everything to own a horse. How? Is your family wealthy? Did they own land themselves? What do you do to make money? Do I go to barns looking for work? How were you able to afford to live where you’re living? I’m just so majorly depressed wanting what yall have.
  10. @katherineChungui: OMG YOU ARE NOT UGLY
  11. @lindafthompson: What if I’m 56 and want a horse!  Or ten!  Haha
  12. @Thelavinefamily: i really want a horse their my fav anamal ever
  13. @ItzelDelangel-ec3qk: I don’t have a lot of money I don’t have 100 I’ll have 200 I have 300 I have 400 or 500 I have 600 to 700 I don’t live thousands I don’t have anything😢😢I really want a horse
  14. @yakopro49: Lmaoo
  15. @patrickhoulihan6060: Omg same @GracieKearns !  I am 11 and using my dads channel at the moment
  16. @holyspiritinspirations: I hope you love this as much as I loved making it. The Horse....
https://youtu.be/cKUnJgM1dZs
  17. @hunglejewel: The most expensive part is buying the horse lol
  18. @1LittlePonyCalledPhoenix: Hi
  19. @deehorseman8536: Great advice 👍🏽
  20. @preppysoph255: I have little no money except like 15 bux

- How to Get Sponsored for ANYTHING: Kind: captions Language: en I didn't pay a single Cent for this or this&nbsp; or these or most of this or this and in fact&nbsp;&nbsp; I actually get paid to use and enjoy a lot of&nbsp; those things that I just showed you and paid well&nbsp;&nbsp; enough that Beth and I have been able to run this&nbsp; Channel and do these things fulltime well at the&nbsp;&nbsp; same time moving to one of the most beautiful and&nbsp; quite literally one of the most expensive mountain&nbsp;&nbsp; towns on the planet and you can do this too I'm&nbsp; going to show you how show you how we created&nbsp;&nbsp; Partnerships and sponsorships within categories&nbsp; and sports that we had no previous experience in&nbsp;&nbsp; how we went from companies just providing product&nbsp; to proper well-paying long-term sponsorships we're&nbsp;&nbsp; going to chat with actual marketing managers&nbsp; and hear from them exactly what they look for&nbsp;&nbsp; in people who they sponsor we're even going to&nbsp; talk to a lawyer who specializes in Partnerships&nbsp;&nbsp; and sponsorships but before we dive in I just&nbsp; want to say that one everything involved with&nbsp;&nbsp; being sponsored is one heck of a lot of work and&nbsp; two when it comes to getting products and services&nbsp;&nbsp; from businesses there is no such thing as free all&nbsp; right let's dive in here let's pretend you are a&nbsp;&nbsp; marketing manager and you have a product that you&nbsp; want to get in front of the right people now there&nbsp;&nbsp; are a whole bunch of different ways that you can&nbsp; go about doing that but it's your job to make sure&nbsp;&nbsp; you get it in front of the most amount of people&nbsp; for the least amount of money time and effort so&nbsp;&nbsp; really you're just looking for Value all the way&nbsp; around no matter who we're talking about or what&nbsp;&nbsp; part of this whole situation we're talking about&nbsp; value is the key for there to be a successful&nbsp;&nbsp; sponsorship the number one goal is to bring&nbsp; the viewer or the person that goes and actually&nbsp;&nbsp; buys the thing value they're number one don't let&nbsp; anybody tell you anything different I'm just going&nbsp;&nbsp; to call them the viewer you have to bring value to&nbsp; the viewer the viewer gets value marketing manager&nbsp;&nbsp; gets value and therefore you get value out of&nbsp; it that's how it works and that's how you have&nbsp;&nbsp; to think about it all right here we go I'm going&nbsp; to tell you exactly what won't work and then um&nbsp;&nbsp; the three things that actually will work to help&nbsp; you get sponsorships so here's what won't work&nbsp;&nbsp; um sending a message on Instagram or Tik Tok or&nbsp; whatever and saying I'm like really good in stuff&nbsp;&nbsp; so can I have a fre bike that will never I promise&nbsp; you that is that will never work ever that is a&nbsp;&nbsp; Lone Ranger gearo te but here are the four things&nbsp; that you should do that will work and I'm going&nbsp;&nbsp; to make this quick because it is unbelievably cold&nbsp; out here number one you have to have a great idea&nbsp;&nbsp; that you are very very excited about whether that&nbsp; is a video that we're that you're putting out uh&nbsp;&nbsp; that could be on YouTube or Tik Tok or Instagram&nbsp; whatever could be a series of videos it could be a&nbsp;&nbsp; race series that you're going to be a part of you&nbsp; need to have a specified project that you thought&nbsp;&nbsp; through all the reasons why this project&nbsp; or whatever it is is going to be awesome&nbsp;&nbsp; you need to have that great idea on loock number&nbsp; two you need to know exactly which audience is&nbsp;&nbsp; going to get the most value from this awesome&nbsp; idea that you have and so we're talking about demograph it's fall here and so we're talking&nbsp; about demographics here what is what are the age&nbsp;&nbsp; of the people who are going to be viewing this&nbsp; either in person or online or whatever what are&nbsp;&nbsp; their location what are their interests what is&nbsp; the platform that they interact with most on is&nbsp;&nbsp; that YouTube is it Instagram whatever and what are&nbsp; the likely amount of viewers how many eyeballs do&nbsp;&nbsp; you think are going to be viewing this project&nbsp; and where did you come up with that number so&nbsp;&nbsp; you've got the idea and the audience who will be&nbsp; stoked about this idea and who will get value from&nbsp;&nbsp; this idea number three what do you need from&nbsp; this potential sponsor to make this project&nbsp;&nbsp; a success do you need funds do you need products&nbsp; or services do you need access to something like&nbsp;&nbsp; an event make sure it is very very very clear what&nbsp; you need from the sponsor and number four take the&nbsp;&nbsp; last three things and compile it all in a really&nbsp; nicely written pitch that very clearly covers what&nbsp;&nbsp; the sponsor will get out of being a part of this&nbsp; project this is the exciting project this is the&nbsp;&nbsp; audience that we're making the project for and&nbsp; this is how they're going to experience or view&nbsp;&nbsp; that project and most importantly this is how&nbsp; your company can be involved in this and this&nbsp;&nbsp; is what your company's going to get out of it and&nbsp; lastly It's always important to have some kind of&nbsp;&nbsp; a timeline having an open-ended Anything Is Not&nbsp; Great on the marketing manager side of things&nbsp;&nbsp; they want to know when the project starts what's&nbsp; going to happen throughout the project and when it&nbsp;&nbsp; ends because Marketing Manager are always working&nbsp; within typically yearly budgets and so if they're&nbsp;&nbsp; spending a certain amount of money on a project&nbsp; they need to kind of know when and how much of&nbsp;&nbsp; something they're going to get over a certain&nbsp; amount of time cuz if not they're not likely to&nbsp;&nbsp; get that kind of expenditure approved without&nbsp; knowing by June whatever they're going to get&nbsp;&nbsp; this out of the project so that is the list right&nbsp; there so that is the list right there oh my gosh&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm so cold my mouth isn't working properly if the&nbsp; marketing manager decides to sponsor you or put&nbsp;&nbsp; their trust in you you've got to deliver or that's&nbsp; it now as far as getting getting the attention of&nbsp;&nbsp; that marketing manager this is Pierre from the&nbsp; inside line and the inside line is an online and&nbsp;&nbsp; in store bike retailer and Pierre I know you guys&nbsp; do uh ambassadorships and some paid sponsorships&nbsp;&nbsp; and so I just wanted to ask a person like yourself&nbsp; directly what are you looking for out of somebody&nbsp;&nbsp; who who wants to be an ambassador for a brand like&nbsp; inside line typically we'll look for people who&nbsp;&nbsp; are members of the community people who volunteer&nbsp; for the Trail Association uh the younger folks who&nbsp;&nbsp; are racing we do see a lot of that they have a&nbsp; good online presence um you know good Instagram&nbsp;&nbsp; Maybe on YouTube or something like that so we&nbsp; find Value in different places from different&nbsp;&nbsp; people so long as you're a good person you're a&nbsp; member of the community that's a a good place to&nbsp;&nbsp; start yeah make yourself kind of known say hello&nbsp; to people kind of shake some hands and and meet&nbsp;&nbsp; people okay so one of the biggest things for&nbsp; you guys is people just showing up being there&nbsp;&nbsp; in person making that introduction showing that&nbsp; they are already like themselves getting a lot of&nbsp;&nbsp; value from the inside line totally I think it's&nbsp; just important that we get a sense of who we're&nbsp;&nbsp; going to be you know bringing on as an ambassador&nbsp; let's take things from the very beginning cuz like&nbsp;&nbsp; I can I can share my experience where I am right&nbsp; now but I think it'd be a lot more helpful for&nbsp;&nbsp; most people for me to take it back to when I was&nbsp; just trying to get my foot in the door with all of&nbsp;&nbsp; this so about 10 years ago I had made the decision&nbsp; that I wanted to use the skills that I have as a&nbsp;&nbsp; photographer and videographer to Branch out from&nbsp; the more like commercial side of things that I&nbsp;&nbsp; was working on at the time and into a sport that&nbsp; I really really loved which is mountain biking I'm&nbsp;&nbsp; I was ready to 100% dive in right then and there&nbsp; but I didn't have any portfolio I had never shot&nbsp;&nbsp; anything mountain bike related for photo or video&nbsp; but I saw an opportunity where a gold level FMB&nbsp;&nbsp; event so like like a free ride uh mountain bike a&nbsp; World Tour event was coming to my hometown which&nbsp;&nbsp; is like a city in the middle of the Prairies in&nbsp; Canada for whatever reason FMB decided to bring&nbsp;&nbsp; in like tons of riders from around the globe build&nbsp; like a four pack of jumps and have that be a gold&nbsp;&nbsp; level event hey I'm not complaining I was just&nbsp; a little surprised and I knew that this could&nbsp;&nbsp; be a big opportunity for me to break into things&nbsp; but I needed access and so I reached out to one&nbsp;&nbsp; of the biggest online Publications for mountain&nbsp; biking they're called pink bike I told him that&nbsp;&nbsp; hey I know I don't have any kind of portfolio&nbsp; for this but I'm already in Edmonton which is&nbsp;&nbsp; where I was being held I have photo skills if you&nbsp; guys were able to get me access into this event I&nbsp;&nbsp; will shoot photos and I will write an article&nbsp; so that you can publish it on your website and&nbsp;&nbsp; they said um uh maybe like if it doesn't suck&nbsp; and that's all I needed to hear I had access&nbsp;&nbsp; let's go and so I threw everything I had making&nbsp; sure that I did a great great job at this event&nbsp;&nbsp; getting lots of solid photos and and and writing&nbsp; a good article on it and when I submitted that&nbsp;&nbsp; article to the editorial team they put it on&nbsp; the main page pretty stoked about that and so&nbsp;&nbsp; I was able to bring value to the viewers of pink&nbsp; bike by having this photo and written article out&nbsp;&nbsp; there that could keep them up to date on this gold&nbsp; level event which brought pink bike value because&nbsp;&nbsp; well they could provide that for for their viewers&nbsp; and I got value out of it in the end because now&nbsp;&nbsp; I have something tangible within the mountain&nbsp; biking sphere fast forward 2 years and we knew&nbsp;&nbsp; that we wanted to start a YouTube channel there&nbsp; were barely any mountain bike YouTube channels&nbsp;&nbsp; out there at the time and we wanted to do things&nbsp; a little bit differently and over and above all&nbsp;&nbsp; that I wanted to dive more into storytelling and&nbsp; video work within the mountain bike space and I&nbsp;&nbsp; saw an opportunity to do a photo and a video piece&nbsp; for pink bike there was a place on the west coast&nbsp;&nbsp; of Canada called Coast Gravity Park and the only&nbsp; thing out there that I had seen at at that point&nbsp;&nbsp; we're just pro riders doing Pro Rider things at&nbsp; the park and so I wanted to answer two questions&nbsp;&nbsp; for myself is it possible to stay within Canada&nbsp; to go on an incredible mountain bike vacation and&nbsp;&nbsp; two can normal people ride Coast Gravity Park and&nbsp; still have fun without doing back flips and stuff&nbsp;&nbsp; so I pitched this idea to pink bike once again&nbsp; using the work that I had shown them beforehand&nbsp;&nbsp; and telling them that if I get a yes from them&nbsp; I'm going to start reaching out to other people&nbsp;&nbsp; to try and put this really cool project together&nbsp; and they said uh pretty much the same thing they&nbsp;&nbsp; said the first time uh yeah we would post it on&nbsp; the main page if it doesn't suck and that's all&nbsp;&nbsp; I needed to hear so I took that tentative yes&nbsp; and I leveraged the viewership numbers of pink&nbsp;&nbsp; bike and got Coast gravity on board and from that&nbsp; I got tourism BC on board and from there we got&nbsp;&nbsp; an incredible incredible Resort on board so we&nbsp; had somewhere to stay and a bike shop on board&nbsp;&nbsp; where we could get rentals and even a float plane&nbsp; company to fly us from Vancouver over to seashel&nbsp;&nbsp; BC and then guess what same thing as before well&nbsp; we've now got ourselves way in over our heads and&nbsp;&nbsp; it's time to swim up to the top Beth and I put&nbsp; a massive amount of time effort and work into&nbsp;&nbsp; making this project a success I love the video&nbsp; that came out of it and the photos got published&nbsp;&nbsp; onto the pink bike homepage and it brought a lot&nbsp; of value to their viewers and so you can kind of&nbsp;&nbsp; see where I'm going with this and that's coming up&nbsp; with interesting stories and things that I would&nbsp;&nbsp; personally like to see happen or try to discover&nbsp; questions that I want to have answered and things&nbsp;&nbsp; that I want to try that I know my audience would&nbsp; find Value in as well and if those two things&nbsp;&nbsp; are locked in that means that I can go and start&nbsp; pitching this to the right people and the right&nbsp;&nbsp; marketing managers to help try and make it happen&nbsp; rinse and repeat and it adds up to a decade worth&nbsp;&nbsp; of incredible life-changing experiences doing&nbsp; what I personally love to do every single day&nbsp;&nbsp; and bringing a lot of value yes to my sponsors&nbsp; but most importantly to my viewers we have Kate&nbsp;&nbsp; here and she is a lawyer who specializes in&nbsp; sponsorships and Partnerships on your end&nbsp;&nbsp; of things for somebody who is just starting out&nbsp; and looking to add sponsorships or Partnerships&nbsp;&nbsp; what are sort of the main key things that that you&nbsp; would recommend to them to look out for or keep an&nbsp;&nbsp; eye out for kind of starting right off the bat is&nbsp; making sure that you're identifying a legitimate&nbsp;&nbsp; sponsorship or partnership opportunity versus&nbsp; opportunities that are just effectively scams&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm a Creator myself so I get a lot of inbound&nbsp; partnership requests that aren't necessarily&nbsp;&nbsp; partnership requests sometimes it's an an active&nbsp; scam where it's a brand it's someone pretending&nbsp;&nbsp; to be a brand and that's not actually the brand&nbsp; reaching out yeah she makes a super good point&nbsp;&nbsp; and I want to add one thing in here real quick&nbsp; it doesn't matter what size of following you have&nbsp;&nbsp; very quickly you will start to get emails from&nbsp; scammers who are pretending to be sponsors and&nbsp;&nbsp; the number one thing I can tell you is never ever&nbsp; ever click a link within any of those emails it&nbsp;&nbsp; doesn't matter how legit it all sounds what I do&nbsp; instead of clicking links that take me to supposed&nbsp;&nbsp; information about the product or the company&nbsp; that wants to sponsor us just go and manually&nbsp;&nbsp; type in that business or that product or service&nbsp; into Google and do your homework in that way&nbsp;&nbsp; never click a link never download an attachment&nbsp; because the likelihood of it being a scam and&nbsp;&nbsp; them being able to take over your computer and&nbsp; your social media accounts is pretty dang High&nbsp;&nbsp; nowadays scary stuff more than once um I have&nbsp; read through some giant contract and hidden in&nbsp;&nbsp; there somewhere they've said that anything I shoot&nbsp; during the contract term they just straight up&nbsp;&nbsp; own there's kind of two parts to the usage rights&nbsp; equation there's the intellectual property right&nbsp;&nbsp; and this will cover who actually owns the content&nbsp; that you're creating and it should be you and then&nbsp;&nbsp; the licensing terms and that's where you see those&nbsp; usage rights come in so how can the brand then use&nbsp;&nbsp; that content can they post it on their social&nbsp; medias can they run ads behind it can they put&nbsp;&nbsp; it on a billboard in Time Square so that's kind&nbsp; of both of those Provisions are equally important&nbsp;&nbsp; when you're kind of going through the contract&nbsp; just to make sure both parties are clear what&nbsp;&nbsp; can be done with the content versus what can't&nbsp; be done with the content anything you ever shoot&nbsp;&nbsp; that is yours you can allow usage rights for for&nbsp; companies but don't don't let them own the stuff&nbsp;&nbsp; you shoot so there are a few different ways to&nbsp; get support from companies and it really kind of&nbsp;&nbsp; boils down to are you receiving money or are you&nbsp; receiving product or both um if you are providing&nbsp;&nbsp; something especially if you're making content&nbsp; for a company there really always should be&nbsp;&nbsp; money involved because you were putting a lot of&nbsp; time and effort into it um but every now and again&nbsp;&nbsp; like even with where we are now we still accept&nbsp; some agreements that are either an experience&nbsp;&nbsp; or a product or whatever if it grants us a&nbsp; certain amount of access whether that's access&nbsp;&nbsp; into uh a new discipline or sport or whether it's&nbsp; opportunities that could be really really big in&nbsp;&nbsp; the future and so to cover this and a whole lot&nbsp; more I'm going to kind of Step you through this&nbsp;&nbsp; trip that I literally just got back from involving&nbsp; Chevrolet bringing Beth and I out for an unpaid&nbsp;&nbsp; trip to experience their new Silverado EV truck&nbsp; which I'm personally very very interested in um so&nbsp;&nbsp; that's that's one type of partnership uh and two&nbsp; while I was down there it just so happened that&nbsp;&nbsp; I need to be down in the United States anyways&nbsp; to get out to a shoot with one of our long-term&nbsp;&nbsp; paying sponsors insta 360 well at the same time&nbsp; throughout it all I brought a pair of headphones&nbsp;&nbsp; with me which I don't have on me right here but I&nbsp; brought a pair of headphones with me that I wanted&nbsp;&nbsp; to get a lot of use out of and get a really good&nbsp; Tes in on for a video that I'm making for our Tech&nbsp;&nbsp; channel that has a single video sponsor attached&nbsp; to it so in this one trip it was a big old blend&nbsp;&nbsp; of an experience or product based partnership&nbsp; a paid partnership with one of our long-term&nbsp;&nbsp; sponsors and putting together content so that&nbsp; I can create a video that I can attach a single&nbsp;&nbsp; video sponsor to and on top of all of that we had&nbsp; a massive logistical Nightmare on our hands with&nbsp;&nbsp; me being able to get my own personal bike to this&nbsp; one hotel out in the middle of the Arizona desert&nbsp;&nbsp; for the morning of this very important insta 360&nbsp; shoot for one day and immediately packing it up&nbsp;&nbsp; and shipping it back home again and I wasn't able&nbsp; to take it with me from flight to flight to flight&nbsp;&nbsp; to flight so this company called bike flights&nbsp; saved our butts on that trip and got the bike&nbsp;&nbsp; there safe and sound no problem at all and part&nbsp; of the deliverables for them helping us out and&nbsp;&nbsp; doing that is including them in this video and&nbsp; so if you are buying or selling a bike and you&nbsp;&nbsp; need to ship it or you just need your bike there&nbsp; waiting for you at a hotel and you either can't&nbsp;&nbsp; or don't want to bring your bike with you through&nbsp; the whole flight process especially if you have&nbsp;&nbsp; like quick layovers which the bikes never make it&nbsp; through using bike flights for in those scenarios&nbsp;&nbsp; really comes in clutch uh go and check them out&nbsp; links in the description thank you bike flights&nbsp;&nbsp; I really appreciate your help on this one and&nbsp; so with Chevrolet one I told them a while back&nbsp;&nbsp; we've done one of these experien things with them&nbsp; before and I told them like guys I'm really only&nbsp;&nbsp; interested in in the new EV truck because I had&nbsp; heard really good things super long range and&nbsp;&nbsp; all of that and so when they offered to bring us&nbsp; out to San Francisco hop in a truck and drive it&nbsp;&nbsp; to Lake Tahoe for a couple of days and drive it&nbsp; back again Beth and I said yes one we love San&nbsp;&nbsp; Francisco and haven't been there in a decade and&nbsp; so heading down there a couple days early to hang&nbsp;&nbsp; out just two of us was great two it allowed us&nbsp; to try this truck that we're actually like truly&nbsp;&nbsp; interested in three it put us in front of people&nbsp; from Chevrolet once again because working with a&nbsp;&nbsp; company like Chevy in a more official capacity&nbsp; in the future is something that we want to work&nbsp;&nbsp; towards and after that trip Beth went home and&nbsp; I flew into Nevada grabbed a rental car and it&nbsp;&nbsp; drove out into the Pitch Black Desert for a few&nbsp; hours out to a lake called Lake havu where we&nbsp;&nbsp; were doing a shoot with insta 360 and this&nbsp; is a uh a larger production shoot there was&nbsp;&nbsp; a full production team there and I'm one of the&nbsp; presenters for something cool that's coming out&nbsp;&nbsp; later on that I can't really show you anything&nbsp; about yet very soon though and I've been working&nbsp;&nbsp; with insta 360 in various capacities over the&nbsp; years but they are one of our yearly sponsors and&nbsp;&nbsp; they've been really great so yeah so there are&nbsp; some important distinctions there between what&nbsp;&nbsp; we did and and the expectations for us between&nbsp; these different companies that we were working&nbsp;&nbsp; with with Chevy they were providing a flight to&nbsp; a place we wanted to go to a truck we wanted to&nbsp;&nbsp; try out and put us in front of the right people in&nbsp; front of a company we wanted to work with and to&nbsp;&nbsp; top it off there were no talks about deliverables&nbsp; they just said come on out so between all that we&nbsp;&nbsp; found that it was worth it for us to go on that&nbsp; trip despite not being paid versus on the insta&nbsp;&nbsp; 360 side we were getting paid not only are Ina&nbsp; 360 one of our our long-term paying sponsors but&nbsp;&nbsp; also there were additional payments just for me&nbsp; coming out and doing this and so the Chevy side&nbsp;&nbsp; of it was super super chill the insta 360 side&nbsp; of it because there was so much travel involved&nbsp;&nbsp; and this big production being out in like plus 44&nbsp; degree heat or like 113 degree heat and getting&nbsp;&nbsp; everything organized the insta 360 side of things&nbsp; was a massive massive amount of work it was a huge&nbsp;&nbsp; effort to get out there get all that stuff filmed&nbsp; and back home again and which is also perfectly&nbsp;&nbsp; okay because they're a big part of us putting food&nbsp; on our kids table and so what they were asking of&nbsp;&nbsp; us despite being a huge heck of a lot of work&nbsp; was perfectly reasonable and I was happy to do it here's a question that I know I had in the&nbsp; beginning is there a difference legally between&nbsp;&nbsp; receiving money versus receiving products I'm&nbsp; assuming you're talking about a situation where&nbsp;&nbsp; in a gifted situation the brand sending you a&nbsp; product and you're also responsible for then&nbsp;&nbsp; sharing the product and then that's that's what's&nbsp; known as an in-kind collaboration or partnership&nbsp;&nbsp; so technically your compensation in that situation&nbsp; is the product that you receive you're not getting&nbsp;&nbsp; paid on top of it now personally I think that&nbsp; creators should always be paid when there are&nbsp;&nbsp; content deliverables that's just my opinion but&nbsp; I also recognize there could be circumstances&nbsp;&nbsp; where an in-kind collaboration makes sense if&nbsp; we're talking like a high ticket product or&nbsp;&nbsp; an expensive service or an ongoing service the&nbsp; biggest legal concern is the tax considerations&nbsp;&nbsp; I've seen stories of influencers they're taking&nbsp; on a lot of in kind collaborations and then come&nbsp;&nbsp; tax time now they owe taxes on the value of&nbsp; all these products and they weren't paid for&nbsp;&nbsp; it so now they're kind of losing money from&nbsp; working with this brand because they weren't&nbsp;&nbsp; compensated fairly from the get-go writing a&nbsp; good pitch or having a a nice looking pitch deck&nbsp;&nbsp; is massively massively massively important um&nbsp; fortunately for me I've always been half decent&nbsp;&nbsp; at writing and so I lean on that like crazy it&nbsp; still takes me for absolute ever to write these&nbsp;&nbsp; custom emails to a specific marketing manager&nbsp; because I never send a blanket email out it's&nbsp;&nbsp; always very custom tailored to the person I'm&nbsp; sending it to super important and so once I'm&nbsp;&nbsp; ready to send that pitch I do a massive deep dive&nbsp; on the people in the company who I'm likely going&nbsp;&nbsp; to be sending this email to or the people that I'm&nbsp; going to be sending this email to to who are they&nbsp;&nbsp; what do they like I do a a full-on LinkedIn deep&nbsp; dive might even go find their Instagram profile&nbsp;&nbsp; I will leave no stone unturn when it comes to&nbsp; building a really nice complete pitch for somebody&nbsp;&nbsp; now one thing I would caution against is writing&nbsp; an absolutely enormous novel of an email as your&nbsp;&nbsp; first email to that person I've made that mistake&nbsp; plenty of times and you know what when anybody&nbsp;&nbsp; gets an email that that's that long just out of&nbsp; the blue when you already got a busy day you're&nbsp;&nbsp; probably not going to look at it because just&nbsp; overwhelming so over the last couple of years&nbsp;&nbsp; I have begun sending a much much shorter email&nbsp; just like a maybe a paragraph or two just kind&nbsp;&nbsp; of explaining very very quickly what we're doing&nbsp; just asking them hey can I send a more complete&nbsp;&nbsp; pitch to you cuz if you do that one it primes them&nbsp; for the giant novel that you're about to send and&nbsp;&nbsp; then two if you're sending a massive email with&nbsp; links and attachments and all this kind of stuff&nbsp;&nbsp; 99 times out of 100 it's going to get sent right&nbsp; to the junk folder because of those links because&nbsp;&nbsp; of the attachments and all that and so you kind&nbsp; of need to get a conversation going with with&nbsp;&nbsp; that person so that when you send the big email&nbsp; afterwards it's going to go to their inbox and not&nbsp;&nbsp; straight into the spam folder another example is&nbsp; all of that Sim racing gear that you saw earlier&nbsp;&nbsp; that is a lot of very rad stuff for Sim racing we&nbsp; are entering once again into a category or sport&nbsp;&nbsp; that we have never been in before we have nothing&nbsp; to show Automotive wise except for one video that&nbsp;&nbsp; I made last year about our Land Rover which is a&nbsp; whole another project that I pitched out to a ton&nbsp;&nbsp; of different companies so that we can at least&nbsp; have a little shred of something to show people&nbsp;&nbsp; this year when we dive into the rally Channel&nbsp; and so what we needed was to get at least one&nbsp;&nbsp; company on board just like what we did with pink&nbsp; bike if we can bring one bigger company in within&nbsp;&nbsp; the world of sim racing into the fold then we can&nbsp; show other companies that hey Sim magic trusts us&nbsp;&nbsp; or MSI trusts us or saw Bel Sim racing whatever it&nbsp; might be so that you can give other companies and&nbsp;&nbsp; marketing managers a little bit of confidence in&nbsp; the direction that we're going in this series and&nbsp;&nbsp; then again you've got to fulfill those promises&nbsp; and put in a massive amount of work now after&nbsp;&nbsp; five videos into this brand new series we're at&nbsp; half a million views and like 50,000 hours worth&nbsp;&nbsp; of watch time people are pumped on the series the&nbsp; products that we're showing and using make sense&nbsp;&nbsp; for the audience and everybody wins what does that&nbsp; Ambassador need to provide what do you need from&nbsp;&nbsp; them we look for different things in certain&nbsp; people the really important thing to realize&nbsp;&nbsp; for any Ambassador whatever form they wanted to be&nbsp; is their salesp people they are primarily there to&nbsp;&nbsp; sell product we do an exchange there are different&nbsp; incentives either you you know you get paid or you&nbsp;&nbsp; get discounts but at the end of the day uh you are&nbsp; there to sell stuff so if you're out riding with&nbsp;&nbsp; your friends and one of them is complaining about&nbsp; their bike not shifting well well that's a an&nbsp;&nbsp; opportunity where you say Hey you know go see my&nbsp; friends over at the inside line we'll take care of&nbsp;&nbsp; you it's those little things that they have to be&nbsp; looking for and um sending people our way that's&nbsp;&nbsp; when it becomes extremely important to make sure&nbsp; that the the the brand that you are representing&nbsp;&nbsp; is the brand that you would be talking about&nbsp; anyways and people can read that whether it is&nbsp;&nbsp; truthful and honest or not from a mile away for&nbsp; us we know that the inside line is a place that&nbsp;&nbsp; we'd be sending people anyways so it all just&nbsp; works just to add on that too like anybody who&nbsp;&nbsp; does a good job of it we we want to support and&nbsp; we'll make those next connections for them so if&nbsp;&nbsp; they want a helmet sponsor if they want to be in&nbsp; touch with one of the bike brands that we carry&nbsp;&nbsp; uh we'll take those steps for those people so that&nbsp; they can you know further their career or make a&nbsp;&nbsp; bigger Network for themselves we'll make those&nbsp; introductions we're always happy to do that if&nbsp;&nbsp; your ambassadors are helping spread cast that net&nbsp; a wider net for the inside line then yeah it only&nbsp;&nbsp; makes sense that you would now feel comfortable&nbsp; to share those people with the other brands that&nbsp;&nbsp; you work with yeah it's great makes total sense&nbsp; some of our ambassadors are still pretty new to&nbsp;&nbsp; biking um we want to share everybody's experience&nbsp; the whole journey is is exciting to us if you can&nbsp;&nbsp; share that effectively with people um share the&nbsp; the enjoyment The Stoke that translates into some&nbsp;&nbsp; value and so for me personally The Sweet Spot for&nbsp; a company that I want to work with is one that&nbsp;&nbsp; makes a really cool interesting product that has&nbsp; some feature sets that put it in general over and&nbsp;&nbsp; above some of the heavy-hitting companies that&nbsp; are putting out products within the same space&nbsp;&nbsp; so like the thing that they make has to be great&nbsp; there's no way I will ever promote something that&nbsp;&nbsp; sucks that would be terrible so they make a good&nbsp; product and they're right on the cusp like they&nbsp;&nbsp; want more market share they have the product to do&nbsp; it and they just need some more eyes on it for it&nbsp;&nbsp; to happen that's a sweet spot that's where I come&nbsp; in and I have a list of all sorts of companies&nbsp;&nbsp; that I I would really really like to work with on&nbsp; the mountain biking side of things and especially&nbsp;&nbsp; on the rally racing side of things that are going&nbsp; to be getting some emails from me pretty shortly&nbsp;&nbsp; and the only reason why those specific companies&nbsp; are going to be getting emails is because I know&nbsp;&nbsp; that I know I know for a fact that I can do an&nbsp; incredible job telling the stories that I want to&nbsp;&nbsp; tell and incorporating those products and I know&nbsp; for a fact that everyone's going to get a lot of&nbsp;&nbsp; value out of it if I can't say any of those things&nbsp; and mean them I'm not reaching out to the company&nbsp;&nbsp; simple as that now there are a lot of things to&nbsp; keep in mind when it comes to sponsorships not&nbsp;&nbsp; least of which is the legal side of things so for&nbsp; some people just getting into this um when is a is&nbsp;&nbsp; a contract always needed U and when when should&nbsp; a person have a contract yeah so I think anytime&nbsp;&nbsp; that both parties are responsible for providing&nbsp; something so the brand is going to either pay&nbsp;&nbsp; you or they're just providing product and your&nbsp; responsible for creating certain deliverables&nbsp;&nbsp; then you need to have a contract in place just to&nbsp; outline the obligations of both parties and again&nbsp;&nbsp; the contract's designed to protect both of you&nbsp; in that situation but anytime that both parties&nbsp;&nbsp; are Prov are responsible for providing something&nbsp; got to get that contract in place where do we get&nbsp;&nbsp; these resources are there template contracts are&nbsp; there are there like things out there that can&nbsp;&nbsp; help lead us through making a contract what does&nbsp; that mean do we always have to be reaching out&nbsp;&nbsp; to an attorney and they situations most often&nbsp; when you're working with a brand they're going&nbsp;&nbsp; to have a contract that they can s that they're&nbsp; going to send over to you and in that situation&nbsp;&nbsp; you want to make sure that you're reviewing the&nbsp; terms in detail making sure that there's nothing&nbsp;&nbsp; no surprises in there that the terms accurately&nbsp; reflect what you already discussed with the brand&nbsp;&nbsp; you may also be able to provide your own contract&nbsp; I actually have contract templates for creators I&nbsp;&nbsp; also have a free guide It's called The Brand deal&nbsp; contract checklist and that just has 10 different&nbsp;&nbsp; contract terms that should be incorporated into&nbsp; your contract that you get from a brand and so&nbsp;&nbsp; that's just an easy resource to kind of go through&nbsp; make sure that all of those points are covered in&nbsp;&nbsp; the contract just so that you're addressing these&nbsp; potential issues upfront and if anybody wants to&nbsp;&nbsp; go and check out those templates you can go to the&nbsp; legal influence.com and Kate thank you so much for&nbsp;&nbsp; shedding some light on probably one of the most&nbsp; if not the most important aspects of sponsorships&nbsp;&nbsp; so yeah appreciate you yeah of course this video&nbsp; could be hours an hours long it really could be&nbsp;&nbsp; maybe I should do a whole fraking course on this&nbsp; but I want to leave it here because if there's one&nbsp;&nbsp; thing I can stress it's the value side of things&nbsp; and I think I got that across I hope that I got&nbsp;&nbsp; that across well enough it's just sincerity like&nbsp; just just being sincere about what you can bring&nbsp;&nbsp; to the table what you will bring to the table&nbsp; being sincere with the audience and not just&nbsp;&nbsp; like pushing pushing whatever and whoever will&nbsp; pay you a couple of dollars or send you some free&nbsp;&nbsp; things there's so much opportunity waiting&nbsp; out there there's so many incredible things&nbsp;&nbsp; you can go and do with the help of Partnerships&nbsp; and sponsorships that it is well worth your time&nbsp;&nbsp; looking into as somebody who has these big ideas&nbsp; and these big goals and dreams understand the&nbsp;&nbsp; value that you can bring to everybody put yourself&nbsp; out there and put the frigging work in to make it&nbsp;&nbsp; all happen because I can tell you from experience&nbsp; it's well worth it thank you so much for watching&nbsp;&nbsp; if you have any questions whatsoever please put&nbsp; them down in the comments but thank you so much&nbsp;&nbsp; to everybody who contributed to this video&nbsp; and we will see you on the next one cheers

  Top Comments:
  1. @elefantrising [3 likes]: You are not getting "sponsored" you are doing marketing for different products in exchange for product or cash. You are an effective content creator getting payed for your services.
  2. @darksiderxx3488: Bro I need help with stuff like this please some rebuild !?
  3. @roguezulu: Awesome information! Thank you!
  4. @RidesWithKyle: Great channel 🌟 
Thanks for the content
  5. @KenshoCinema: ty so kindly for makimg this video! im also in E-town :) much love! <3
  6. @varsiynipon1530: Thank you for making this video. I’m in the process of starting to pitch to companies for my channel, and it’s been really helpful
  7. @BiiraBetty-s6p: I need a sponsorship for my school fees 

I want to study but nowhere to get money
  8. @DeaconNick: Don't forget step one. Get 50,000+ followers...
  9. @jarenstephens: Lean on writing… i got it. Makes sense tho, words connect to pictures. Thank you
  10. @Berserkeroverland: I wish i could get a sponsor that doubles as a video editor lol.
  11. @EsradOfficial: Just have a big audience
  12. @davidf6937: thanks !
  13. @P.N.W.adventures: I'll lowk try to get a free ibis with this even though I have 350 subs
  14. @LoneWolfExplorer: Great video, thanks for sharing. As a small YouTuber myself I'm trying to understand all aspects of sponsorship etc. One thing I'd like to know, is when a company sends you a product (in kind) to do a  video about, do you have to click the section when uploading to say sponsored video or what is the proper way to present this to the viewers? I'm not sure is it a sponsored video if I'm not being paid any money or is it still a sponsored video because they have gifted me the product?
  15. @Officialflymedia: Just found your channel today, definite subscribing and looking to learn!
  16. @ulysse21: OMG is she dancing or what ? may be too nervous
  17. @ireviewdopesht7216: Great video!!
  18. @cmortimernz: Lots of great advice here. Do you have any recommendations on how you make it easy for companies to get in contact with you? I have a Bikepacking Youtube channel that is slowly growing, but I wonder if I should be sharing contact details or other social media channels. i.e. do I put my email in the video descriptions?
  19. @shopthevegastourist: It looks liek the Brand dealsl Contactchecklist is no longer available.
  20. @shopthevegastourist: Thank you - Recently I had a brand was surprised that I actually read their contract and found that hidden trap of content ownership..

- How to GET SPONSORSHIP in Motorsports & BEYOND  [SPONSORSHIP 101] #sponsorship: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] let's talk about sponsorships down to doing a sponsorship proposal we understand hunting task there's no doubt that we are sent a wide range of varying proposals some of them are quick some of them not so much but where do you need to lie where does your proposal need to be within that range and we're going to tell you but we're also going to give you a guide on how to develop the proper sponsorship proposal what should be in it what parts what things you should stay away with remember sponsorship is not just a company giving you free things it's an exchange it's a value proposition it's what are you going to give the company in form of exposure in exchange for product or something else so we're going to take you through each step of the way this video is going to be sponsorship 101. this is the first video that we're going to do we're just gonna get you warmed up we're gonna give you all the things that you need to think about that you need to have down in your thought process before you even begin the sponsorship proposal remember this is going to be a series and we're going to release this over the next few months to help to help you form a proper proposal and the best part about it is it's right here free on our YouTube channel where we do things like this for you all the time so make sure you hit subscribe button anyhow this is sponsorship 101 I'm Scott from Koenig and we're about to get into it all right so it might sound obvious but the majority of sponsorship requests we get do not include an actual proposal sounds weird doesn't it you wouldn't propose to a girl without a ring or would you or maybe you would I wanted to take some time to go over exactly what we look for in a sponsorship proposal and how to set up yourself for Success When approaching a brand or an organization for a sponsorship a proper sponsorship proposal should be well organized informative something that represents you and your team in a visual Manner and can be sent around digitally preferably in a PDF form free stuff is cool I mean who doesn't love free stuff well sponsorship is not free stuff like Scott said it's about a value prop between you and a company let's approach the concept behind building a sponsorship proposal and the key elements that should be included when thinking about building yours number one introduce yourself give us a brief summary of who you are and what you do number two what's your project number three what are you looking for when it comes to sponsorship number four let's look at analytics and social media what exactly is your exposure plan number five how are you going to execute and what should we expect next from you my name is Luis I'm from Konig let's get right into it let's let's start off by introducing yourself and your team who you are and what you do consider that we don't know anything about you or your team so educate us we receive a lot of messages about sponsorship so it's important to make an effort in separating yourself from the pack of it also include your fan base who they are does your audience align with our brand and our Brand's Mission now what's your project tell us what you're working on and how we can get involved maybe it's a build you're working on or an event you're planning so as we said before creating a sponsorship proposal is key it's important to really take some time and think about the value proposition that you bring to the potential brand you're speaking with here at Konig we sponsor people who are passionate about Automotive we're not looking for a relationship that's transactional we're looking to cultivate sustainable relationships and a sponsorship proposal is the first step in being considered what are you looking for when it comes to sponsorship what are your goals and how will sponsorship with us help you achieve that goal what are you looking for from us help give us a sense about what you bring to the table specifically and why a partnership with you is beneficial for our brand all right so let's talk about analytics social media and deliverables think about the value that you bring to the brand that you're approaching does your value line high quality content for social media representation at Events maybe you're like Tom O'Gorman just dominate on the track doing this will help us get a sense of what your presence on our social media platforms might look like deliverables are key so do your best to include samples in your proposal when you're creating a sponsorship proposal highlight your assets use your best imagery and media to represent yourself and your brand in the best way possible and finally how are you going to execute and what can we expect next tell us about your plans moving forward what events are you planning on attending how will you be visible in your communities to best represent our brand do your best to give us an idea of how often you will be attending events or creating content as deliverables finally have an execution plan for opportunities content and deliverables all ready to go doing this will put you in a good position to start working with brands at a higher level so think of this as a good old sponsorship 101 it took some time to go over the basics stay tuned for future videos where we do more of a deep dive into the world of sponsorship look it's 2022. imagine you're on Tinder and you're hot would you swipe right on everybody or would you be a bit more selective with it do your best to stand out there's a lot of competition out there for now we just wanted to lay out the concept of a sponsorship proposal or you should be considering when building yours stay tuned for future episodes of sponsorship 101 where in the next one we'll take a look at a few different proposals and start building one together I'm Louise from Konig until next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @irvinsalazar7378 [4 likes]: Very informative. Trying to get my car to the point of a fun time attack car. Once I get some laps in I want to show what my car does at the track.
  2. @donwilhelms6655 [1 likes]: Thanks I really needed a bump in my thinking on this
  3. @slaterbilt [1 likes]: The like count on Scotts part LOL🤣🤣🤣
  4. @projecthikaribyrhg [1 likes]: Great information 👍
  5. @vongtaynhanaikptt6066 [1 likes]: Wow this place is very good and amazing
  6. @SirChewdoob [1 likes]: Thank you for sharing guys👊🎯🎯😎😎😎😎❤️❤️❤️❤️
  7. @BoostedFilms [1 likes]: Cool idea for a video series. Thanks for putting this together!
  8. @204andco [1 likes]: This is great information! Because I’ve always wondered how people get sponsored. That’s something I’ve wanted to do but never knew how to go about it. 🙏🏼🙏🏼
  9. @gorkemcosgun: send me wheel NOWWWWWW... :) (did it work?)
  10. @itsdom1936: Would showing good times on popular tracks in a sim setup be enough to obtain a sponsor for racing school
  11. @Shreveport03181: Nice video.  I'm but for my 9 year old son that plays soccer.  But this is a great video with great information.  👍🏿  form me
  12. @BasinMotorsports: At this point I figured you'd have a separate folder set up that just scanned incoming emails for the word "sponsorship" to keep the inbox uncluttered.

- How To Get Sponsored For Motocross (Complete Beginner's Guide!): Kind: captions Language: en so you want to get sponsored for Motocross in today's video I'm going to show you [Music] how hey guys welcome back in today's video I'm going to share with you the five steps that Pat and I took to land all these amazing sponsors for this upcoming Race season step one is to master your mindset I want you to put your business owner hat on for a second and really think about what you can give them versus what you can get these companies have one job and that is to sell their products right and so they offer Rider support in exchange for you representing them as a company and a brand and the return on that investment is hopefully that by you talking about them promoting them and repping their gear that they are going to sell more product to your network right right so what I want you to do is think about for a second how you can position yourself to these companies to be a good marketing opportunity for them what can you do to put yourself in the best position to have the best partnership with them now that can look like winning races and being the best Rider but it can also just look like showing your dedication and commitment to to the sport okay so number two now that you have mastered your mindset and you're in the space of what can I give how can I best represent these Brands and companies it's time for you to build out your ryer race resume now I'm going to go ahead and move over here and put Pat's race resume up on the screen here so you can see an example of what an eye-catching resume might look like I made this resume in can canva so canva is a platform where you can design different things like these resumés social media posts um really anything you can think of that you would design digitally you can create in CA now as you can see here we have a couple of different things listed on this race resume first off we have photos of Pat riding so if you have photos that have been taken of you riding your bike that's a great thing to include along with a bio with with your name your contact information the bike that you ride and where you're from the next thing you want to include are any of your accomplishments so what have you done so far in the sport that you can showcase to these companies and brand so maybe you did really well at a local race or maybe you've won a championship so whatever it is according to you and your race Journey so far you're going to want to put on there the most recent accom accomplishments that you have now on Pat's resume you can see obviously we have stuff from 2001 and 2008 that's because he took quite a bit of a break writing so we're coming back now um so we included things from the past but whether you are a new Rider or you've been riding a long time I would say to put your most recent best accomplishments on there along with any past like big accomplishments like if you won a title or went to Loretta or something like that the next thing you want to include on the race resume are your goals for the future so where are you headed in the sport this is really a relationship that you want to form with these Brands and companies so think about what would make it worthwhile for them to invest in you by showing them that you're invested in sport what are you looking to do in the next one to two years are you going for a championship are you trying to make it to Loretta this year any goals that you have for the future you're going to want to include on this resume the other thing you're going to want to include is if you have any sponsors that you are already working with that's up at the top there um and that's just so that other companies can see if you've already committed to working with other brands and they can also see that other companies have already agreed to work with you so that's something cool to also list out on there and so the last thing I would include is representation for the spons and this is really your time to shine and to use that step one to really formulate um a nice paragraph about what you're willing to do for your sponsors so do you have social media platforms that you're planning on promoting them on are you dedicated to your goals and and to repping them on your bike and to all of your friends like what are you planning to do to represent this company and to be a good represent presentation for their brand I'm not going to go fully into a tutorial on how to create this resume in canva but if you are someone that would like a full tutorial step by step of canva how to use it and how to build a rer resume like this using that platform let me know in the comments below and I'd be happy to do a video on that okay so now that you've mastered your mindset and you have an eye catching race resume it's time to figure out what companies and Brands you want to work with I have three questions for you to ask yourself when thinking about what companies you want to reach out to and I would recommend doing this work and spending a little bit of time on this before you just like go willy-nilly and like applying to everything right so here are the three questions that I would ask so number one is what brands do I already know that I love or another way to say this is what brands am I already purchasing products from and using their products this is a great thing to kind of list out and write down so that you a know that you already love their products so it's going to be easy for you to represent them and B you've already purchased a lot of products from them so you're not going to have to stop wearing it or using it if you pick up a different brand for that category so for example if you pick up a goggle sponsor but you already are wearing a different brand of goggles typically one of the agreements is that you exclusively use the brand that you are working with so if you're already using let's just say Reckless which is our goggle sponsor woohoo um if you're already using Reckless goggles maybe don't reach out to 100% goggles because then you're going to have to a throw away all your Reckless goggles and go buy more goggles but you already know you like Reckless so why not reach out to the brands that you're already already using their products question number two is what purchases do I plan on making or what investments in the sport am I already planning to make this year this is also going to help you because what you're getting out of the deal is support right support in making all of the purchases that come along with racing motocross so if you already know let's say that you're going to need to put new tires on your bike three four five times next season why not reach out to atire sponsor and see if you can get some help with that so write down any companies or make a list of any one or anything or items that you're planning to already invest in for your next Race season to achieve those goals that you put on your resume so that you can then go ask for support for those specific items question number three is what relationships do I already have so sponsorships are all about building relationships with people and this is sort of an extra little tip think about the relationships you might already have with more local Brands and people within the sport so maybe at your local track there's always a specific vendor there or your local Moto shop is already at the track and you buy from them all the time and you support them all the time that would be a great person to reach out to for riter support because you already have a relationship with them this came in such handy for Pat and I because he had developed a lot of these relationships prior to not racing and so we were able to then go back years later and rekindle those friendships and rekindle those relationships so that's just a big tip is to think local think about the people that you already have relationships with especially the ones that are at your local tracks already so that if it's race day and something breaks or you need a part or you need something what a great sponsor to have is the person that's literally at the track that you're going to all the time and that'll help you form just a more deep relationship more of a one-on-one relationship versus the relationship you might have with the bigger more well-known National Brands all right so now you've mastered your mindset you have a race resume and you've got a list of companies that you're interested in working with it is time to apply for Rider support okay so now that you are ready to officially start applying for Rider support and Rider sponsorships I'm going to share with you a couple of different ways you can go about doing that so the first one is to speak with someone directly and that's the more local route so if you know someone at your local Moto shop you can go directly speak to them or reach out to the relationships that you already have with your race resume the second is to go directly to the website of the specific brand so let's say for example you want to reach out to Dunlop you can go to their website they will typically have some kind of section for Rider support and that will prompt you to the application page for sponsorship you'll fill that out attach your resume and submit it and then the Third Way is to use a platform like hookit.com this is something that Pat and I used to land a few two of our different sponsors and it's essentially like a social media platform except for Motocross so what you can do is go onto hookit.com fill out your profile information and then start applying to the different brands using your hookit profile now you'll still have to apply using their application and you'll still attach your resume but it's just a different way that you can kind of get access to a lot of different sponsorship ship opportunities through that one platform and another quick little tip before you start reaching out to sponsors is I would recommend creating a separate Gmail or email account just for Motocross and riding that's something that Pat and I did and it's just really helped us to stay organized because as you start getting these offers in and you have contracts and things to keep track of they can really easily get mixed in with all of your like random subscriptions and your other stuff so I would highly recommend just making a separate race email it's really simple to just set up another Gmail account and that way everything is really organized um together before you start reaching out to everyone and getting all those responses back step number five is the last step and that is to accept your offers and deliver on your promises so once you've applied to all of these Brands they're going to start offering you sponsorship deals and those can look like anything from free products to U percentages off they'll give you codes and discount links and things to use to purchase their products with and in return they're going to give you some terms so you might get a contract that you have to sign or they will outline the terms of the agreement that you're entering into and so what you want to do is look at the offers decide if if it's something you want to do and then accept those offers they might ask you to put the stickers on a specific area of the bike they might ask you to post a specific thing on your social media platform so you want to keep track of all of those things and make sure again that you are representing them well and that you are delivering on your end of the deal while getting the sponsorships and support that they're offering you so that's it that's everything that Pat and I have done to land these amazing amazing sponsors for this upcoming Race season I hope that these tips and steps serve you well and that you are able to land some amazing sponsors for your Race season as well if you found this video helpful I would love it if you would hit that like button and subscribe to our Channel and also if these tips helped you land a sponsorship I would love to hear about it down below as well let us know how you make out and as always thanks so much for watching we'll see you next time play GES

  Top Comments:
  1. @Motoinc [2 likes]: Good information,👍
First time ive EVER seen something like this kn the MX community.
Good work
Cheers from Sweden
  2. @tonyv7660 [2 likes]: Informative video Gina 💯
  3. @miltonzinn8732 [1 likes]: This is awesome! Thank you so much. I’m just getting into MX after years of quads and street bikes. I’m quickly finding out that it’s nearly prohibitively expensive to get going
  4. @Prestonfowle28 [1 likes]: thank you
  5. @spectrenation2810 [1 likes]: you missed how to handle and what to say , when they approce you
  6. @renerioux2644 [1 likes]: Realistically, how hard is it to get an offer from Dunlop, and is it free tires or a discount on purchasing them? To me tires are the biggest reoccurring expense.

I raced motocross (125 int) back in the 80s when I was 17–21 years old. Started racing again last summer at the age of 58. Currently racing vet novice and I’m about to be promoted to vet intermediate.  I would love support from Dunlop.
  7. @Salikbrothers [1 likes]: It’s available here in Philippine? I wish I can get a sponsor
  8. @MaamaOzil [1 likes]: Hello I need a sponso r to support my 2 sons and 1 daughter to buy a bike please help me to 💵🙏😭
  9. @MotoVanFam [1 likes]: loved this! as a moto wife/mom I was looking for all the info! thanks! check us out if you can!
  10. @TardifRacing-wk4ot [1 likes]: So I have two adult sons that race, should they have social
Media and sponsorship requests as individuals or as a family team?  I’ve watched the video a couple times and there is lots of great information thank you.
  11. @mikedemille [1 likes]: Thanks!
  12. @adnananok4914: Ma'am help me to get sponsor
  13. @guybaskinger439: Was that the finish line table top at Walden?

- Motocross Sponsorship - How to Get Sponsored? Business Perspective: Kind: captions Language: en so after my last sarcastic Motocross sponsorship video triggered a few people I thought I'd do a serious video to let you know what I look for here at OK clothing now I'm only speaking from my point of view so I can't talk for all brands or businesses they're not going to be the same so the main thing to look for is good content someone that can provide good quality photos and videos that I myself could reuse on the page uh nowadays it doesn't need to be done by like a professional photographer anything usually a mobile phone camera is good enough next would be that going out to a good engaging audience so a good engaging audience doesn't necessarily mean someone with a lot of followers there's people with a lot of followers that people don't engage and I will look at that you might be someone with a smaller following but obviously if you're all your friends or comment on your pictures and genuinely interacting that's something that I always look out for now this might be the one that gets a few people rattled but uh results don't really matter to me obviously if you're winning races and at the top of your sport then that is an advantage but the results don't mean too much to myself like I said it's more about the content again it'll vary for other brands but that's the one thing a lot of people get in annoyed with is when they kind of come back thinking that oh I won this race and I'm like yeah I'm not too fast mate yeah a bit of an example of that in the past I've turned down World Championship Motocross riders that have wanted free products and not gave it them but on the other hand I've gave free product from multiple years to a younger lad that races mini bikes but has quite a strong uh YouTube fall in and provides good content I obviously look for someone that has a genuine interest in the brand and is looking to help push it off people apply to be an ambassador or an athlete and they kind of write the results and kind of stuff about themselves like a bit of a background but to myself it doesn't really matter too much I'm more looking for how what you're going to do to push the brand how are you going to promote it and how that might be different to the next person that's going to come along so you've always got to think from the Brand's perspective of what would they want to be hearing and obviously if you can word it and write out your application that way you can't really go too wrong so some of my tips would be make sure you phone the brand on the social media platforms there's nothing worse than once someone applies and said oh I'm your biggest fan and you think you're not falling straight in the bin make sure your content does relate to what you're promising so if you're saying I'm going to be getting loads of pictures wearing your brand out and about when I'm at the track if I go on your profile and you've not really posted anything at the track it's all just pictures of you riding where there's not going to be any clothing in the bin don't ask for free product even if you're the best rider in the world when you ask that's really off-porting from a Brand's perspective or my perspective in the bin don't try black me saying that you mate gets X off me and because I'll have a look and I'll know and more than likely align in the bin don't try and trade putting a sticker on your bike for hundreds of pounds worth of clothing because I'll tell you that if you want the sticker for your bike you can go on the website and buy a sticker pack for two quid in the bin so like I said that's just speaking for myself here at OK clothing don't speak for every business um if you have any questions drop them in the comments and I'll reply to them no problem

  Top Comments:
  1. @ryanboening [1 likes]: Thanks for your perspective! Good to see

- How To Get Your First Sponsor!!: Kind: captions Language: en yo hey people welcome back to my channel today's video is something I've been asked by a lot of people to talk about to explain and something I actually promise to you guys a little while ago and never got around to filming so this whole video is about sort of about my career but all the things I've learned along the way in how to get sponsored and what that means and what it entails and what helps and what bad ideas so I'm 24 years old and I started riding mountain bikes when I was 10 11 and actually got my first sponsor when I was 12 or 13 which is halo wheels and I still ride for them today which is really cool so for me I've had now 12 years 11 12 years of learning about sponsorship and working with brands and that's what's really important what I just said working with brands that's what you're doing when you're a sponsored rider it doesn't matter if you're sponsored for football table tennis BMX scooters skateboards mountain bikes it's all pretty much the same I'm sure because you're doing the same thing you're working with a brand you're not just opening packages of new free stuff that turns up all the time you are working with them in developing those products talking about those products presenting them to new audiences and that's what we're going to talk about but before I do that I want to show you something which is what's going to be in Monday's video which is the next video and that's this which looks a bit crazy so stay tuned for that one that was a really funny one to film which is going out on Monday so sponsorship and let's talk about the different stages of how you can go about doing this because I obviously got sponsored from a young age but that's just because I was really lucky right place right time but things have changed and now there's social media I grew up riding before Instagram before Facebook there was just magazines DVDs and competitions and now the world is open to talking to people easily presenting yourself showing them numbers so I was lucky I got sponsored when I was young but I've got friends who got their first sponsors in their 30s or even older than that so it doesn't matter who you are what sport you're doing but that's where we're gonna start so you need to identify who you are to then understand what industry you fit into so if you ride skateboards you're not going to be wanting to talk to brands that make barbecues and if you ride BMX you don't want to be talking to brands that make I don't know helicopter blades i it doesn't make sense so you need to understand what industry you fit into and then you're going to be out and narrow down your list of people you want to talk to to brands who actually are going to be able to work with you because they produce products that you're going to use every day you can talk about and it makes sense it has to be organic has to make sense so figure out what industry you really do fit into obviously I'm a mountain biker and all of my sponsors fit into the mountain bike industry the outdoor riding bikes it makes sense which makes my job easier because I can just talk to you about my handlebars because of course I can their handlebars for my bike but I wouldn't be able to talk to you about jet skis because I don't use jet skis as a mountain bike rider so that's number one it might seem obvious but there's no point emailing phoning messaging companies that just don't fit in with you so do that and then you're going to need to think about how you're going to contact them so a few years ago you had to go to trade shows and things like that which is still cool and if you get to the chance to do that that's good but now every company is online they have Instagram accounts and it might seem but not so professional but honestly if you send a message to an a brand's instagram account you're probably going to end up talking to someone who takes care of social media and they're in the marketing part of the business so if you're if you ever meet a company or somebody works for them be really polite and say do you mind if I have the contact or the name of your marketing manager or your athlete's marketing manager that sounds professional and that's the person who actually is going to have the final say and say yes or no we can help you we can work with you so that is that that's the name of the person who you want to try and talk to just as little heads-up because it's bit confusing this just I want to talk to Marren bikes whoo-hoo dude so be specific and it'll really help so you know industry here in you know roughly who you need to talk to in the company from that industry and then what you need to say and what you need to explain isn't really I can do double backflips or I've got five thousand followers or email I've got 100 followers on Instagram that's really cool but if you can't use them to help a company then it doesn't really matter so it's not about followers it's not about what tricks you can do it's about identifying how you're going to help so let's think of an example tires bike tire company you need to be specific when you talk to them you need to look research the products they make so you can say these are the ones I will need to do my job and then when you've got those tires how are you gonna advertise them how are you gonna make explain to people how good they are for you how much they're working the perks of those tires compared to other ones you've tried in the past and if you can package that up into a message into a kind of proposal kind of that's the good word for it you're going to propose this idea of I'm gonna work with your brand I want to help your brand and I'm gonna do that by whatever that's the right way to go about it because you're going to be talking to the right person from the right brand and now you're telling them at the right things that are gonna allow them to understand why they're giving tires to you and not somebody else and it's not just because you've got loads of followers honestly that's I'm lucky that I've built a following but when I was 12 and I first got sponsored I didn't have any followers because it didn't exist so it's not the most important thing in the world and not all companies just care about that stuff and a lot of people think that it does so there's a lot more you can offer you can give product feedback and help them develop new cooler products because if you've believed that you're good at what you do and of course they're going to want your input and your feedback and help help that company to make better products that is part of being a sponsored rider not just advertising you if you're not going to do contests and you're going to focus on making a really cool video how are you going to show there products in that video of them doing their job and being good for you need so you need to think about before instead of just saying I'm gonna film ten videos for Instagram or YouTube I'm so explain which products you're going to use from their range because that's going to help they're gonna think they're gonna read that and think well he's actually talking about my brand here this isn't an email that's being sent to a hundred companies this is how my products as Max's tires fit into this person that's really important but he's specific so they feel like that email and that message is just for their company and you really want to avoid for their company and then you're kind of in a good place and that doesn't mean that the first way of contacting people for you guys is going to work it might not it might take a lot of goes and also companies might come to you and that's really cool when that happens that's really rewarding because you know that you're valued and that's it doesn't happen all the time you have to put in a bit of work to explain of why this partnership that's what it is they're helping you and you're helping them why it's good for them and it has to go both ways if your best mate goes out for dinner with you and pays if you don't then kind of offered to pay the next time it's gonna kind of be a bit annoyed and it's the same if if a company just keeps sending you cool stuff and you don't do anything and when the next time comes around you're not helping their company they're not gonna be into it and it's not gonna happen again so it needs to go both ways they're providing you with kit stickers helmets golf clubs whatever it is to do your job you need to help make their job easier and promote those products in the best way just be yourself as well if you've got a special type of golf swing there's no one else is doing that's really cool keep doing it I love doing the style of 360s that I've always done and I still do that now and I like talking about it so be yourself but you need to make that person that marketing managers job easy by doing what they need and that's promoting the products in the best way you can and then they can tell their boss that you're doing a great job and that the relationships gonna grow it's going to continue and that brings me on to the word growth and that's important no one ever starts and suddenly they're getting all the stuff in the world and all this amazing stuff to do their job and you can quit your quit your job doing whatever and be a professional rider it doesn't happen you have to start small because you have to prove yourself and you have to learn as well because this message and what I'm explaining might help I really hope it helps but you're still gonna have to learn for yourselves what works and what doesn't work so start small if someone wants to give you a free pair of grips to go on your bike in return for some Instagram posts and a video it might not seem like the best deal ever but that can grow and if you do your best and put everything into it the next month the next year that will come with way more grips maybe some handlebars and more better and better and better stuff and that's why it's taking me quite a long time to get where I am today because I've learned and every year I can give back more because I've learned what works for me what works for the brands and that's how I got to being a sponsored rider I guess which is crazy to say but it's a lot of learning so you've got try different things and try and make the people make it easy for the people around you so that everyone wins because you can you can you can be sponsored and the company can benefit at the same time no not if what no one has to lose you can all win and if you can find a little formula that works using those techniques just being yourself trying to have just have fun with it because but people will enjoy watching you have fun you could have the best bike in the world and if when you go out and ride it you say it sucks because that day sucks maybe it was to where that's you're not doing the best job you could do you need to find a way of making it fun and people are going to enjoy that and they're going to enjoy watching you and enjoy being around you and you eventually will become an influencer and an influencer which is what it is to be sponsored so that's my advice and I'll do another one of these videos and talk about it a bit more but I think to summarize you need to you need to be sponsored you've got to figure out who you are where you fit into this cut this world that you're in or sport whatever sport it is you need to find the right person to talk to and then you need to make their life easy and make selling products easy and or even making the brand cool easy because everyone's cool everyone on the whole world is cool and if you can just show people by having fun and being yourself then it's hopefully going to work for you because I believe that if you just enjoy it and enjoy life people are going to want to help you out so best of luck to everyone if you want to know more you can message me you can comment on this video or just talk amongst yourselves and get involved maybe help get your friends to help you can all sit down and write a message and think what you could do together maybe like you don't even have to get sponsored on your own you and your best mate could form a little collab a team a brand and go from there so think about it in you need to help brands and hopefully then they'll help you thank you for watching today's video I'm hope it was useful it was my first time actually talking about this so I'll probably watch this back and want to add more for the next one but yeah comment some ideas please and if you subscribe that would be legendary because you are all legends thanks guys best of luck and see you in the video with the BMX bars on the dirt jump bike which was seriously funny to film see you next video peace

  Top Comments:
  1. @mikogride2669 [1 likes]: Do you think it is possible to get a sponsor even at the age of 14 15?
  2. @Seb.Gibson [1 likes]: Thank you so much, Matt That was really helpful. I am about to start making mountain bike content Do you have any advice for creating content. Again thanks a lot
  3. @Lulliger [1 likes]: You Said that it should be making Sense, but (i know, red Bull is my Dream Sponsor) why is Red Bull Sponsoring mtb  Riders? Very helpful Video, thank you so much!
  4. @TheoneJamesKirk [1 likes]: Hello bro , please can I have some help please 🙏
  5. @war_head2746: i'll give matt this, he's done a great job advertising marin bikes
  6. @OwenHavemann-w6y: Can you help me get a sponsorship?
  7. @aljazrokavec6660: Hi. Good video but i have a question it is possible to get sponsor with just one video? Or with one video shorts?
  8. @ADVBrett: Great video Matt, awesome advice indeed!
  9. @SaveingkidTomorrow: How do the people messges you to get a sponsor
  10. @Jannck: tanks
  11. @Estebiken: Thank you SOO much ❤. Love your energy and good vibes. Your advice was awesome 🎉i😊
  12. @AbsolutCool_: Bro you crushed my dream of being sponsored by a bbq brand like Heinz Ketchup
  13. @isaackerry4226: hey Matt, do you have a side job or is all you do make videos?
  14. @James17910: Hey matt, thanks so much dude i wish i watched this video earlier. My dream is to get sponsored by redbull and a bike brand for my hopeful slopestyle carrier. Love your videos man and have a good one
  15. @ThePumpkinSpiceCafe: Hello well first of all thanX a lot for helping us in understanding how sponsorship works 🙏🏻 I truly really appreciated all the informations ✨
  16. @Pfeiffer-GrantCorbin: Hey Matt, do you know how to email Canyon bikes. I was wanting to hive them a email about making a video for the Canyon bike that I have next year. Could you help me?
  17. @supersandy8692: Watching this 4 years later as I’m looking to get sponsored and you explained it soooo well and I’ve now learnt some things I never knew! Thanks Matt 👊
  18. @mariusradoi9005: Thank youuu
  19. @aniketmoto228: Hellow I'm from india n my dream was best rider n blogger plz sponsored for bike plz my dream bike is sport bike
  20. @quackfaction8371: Thank you very much for your tips and advice! I've been wanting to think outside the box and work with brands that I love and this was the first video I watched for starting  and I loved it! I even wrote down some of your advice you mentioned! :)

- Athletes and Mental Health: The Hidden Opponent | Victoria Garrick | TEDxUSC: Kind: captions Language: en you have to be at a team lift at 6:00 a.m. but you're accidentally 1 minute late because you slept through your alarm your heart's pounding from sprinting to the gym but nobody cares that it's because you were up until 2: a.m. studying for an exam that you still don't feel prepared for you can feel the tension between you and your teammates who now have to run sprints tomorrow at 6:00 a.m. because you we're 1 minute late you start the lift and your mind's just not in the right place but it doesn't matter you have to lift and as soon as it's over you scarf down breakfast on your way to 8:00 a.m. class and you get there and your hair's still wet because you didn't have time to dry it the professor looks at you and says where's the homework assignment but you forgot it how could you forget it you were supposed to be on top of everything so you sit there and you worry about what else you might have forgot and at noon you get a 30-minute break but it's not really a break because you use it to quickly make up an assignment you missed for last week game and soon it's 12:10 and to you 40 minutes does not feel like enough time to get on the court and be ready even though it actually is so you head over and at one practice is starting and you have to forget everything that happened in your day because at practice you have to perform you can't not perform there's someone better than you someone competing with you and someone in high school who just committed to be you so forget the zero on your assignment forget the test you're not prepared for forget the friends you haven't seen in weeks forget theart argument you've been in with your parent play well pass well perform and when it's finally over you find yourself staring in the locker room mirr trying not to cry and you ask yourself is this how I'm supposed to feel my name is Victoria Garrick and I play volleyball here at USC I've been playing sports my whole life but never quite like this now in high school I didn't understand mental illness and usually when people say mental illness you know people tense up because talking about it is uncomfortable you might think oh I've heard this before or this doesn't affect me those are common thoughts to have I know because I used to think the same things I thought you know depression means you have serious family issues or you know you're born with anxiety I just didn't get it because it's hard to understand something you can't see or touch so when I got to college and began my career as a division one athlete I never thought I would struggle with these issues now I can't be the only athlete here um we definitely probably have some soul cyclers some neighborhood joggers so if you've ever you know had an injury torn a ligament sprained an ankle I just want you to raise your hand all right awesome that's like most of the room it's pretty common now I want you to raise your hand if you've ever had depression or anxiety you you can put your hands down did you feel almost that tension or like that awkwardness we just created together did you maybe judge someone who raised their hand or were you afraid to raise your own hand because of what people might think one in four people suffer from a mental health issue which is 25% of this room right now what we just experienced together was a room full of people stigmatizing mental health Dr Jeffrey Jeffrey liberman defined stigma as dishonor or disgrace he says it's like the Scarlet a that Hester print is forced to wear or the mark on Kan and the Bible it's this label that outcasts you from everyone else we stigmatize mental health in the same way and that's a societal issue that needs to change and while anyone can experience a mental health issue today I'm going to talk about mental health specifically in athletes because I have faced anxiety and depression through my experiences as an athlete so let me tell you a little bit about me when I first got to the USC Volleyball team I was overjoyed let me preface this by saying I was not a top recruit okay I was not called by tund of division one schools but USC was my dream scenario and I wanted it so bad and I knew I was good enough despite what anyone else told me so I emailed these coaches every day I called them every week I went in for extra reps in high school I sent them videos I called again until they were like okay you can walk on just like sto contacting us So eventually I got my spot but still these USC coaches did not think I would play one point but I had this fire this zest for competition and I didn't care that I didn't have the accolades that the other girls did so I kept working hard Against All Odds my freshman season I started and played in every single pack 12 match and we won the championship that's me on the left right there and what happened was there was this girl who wasn't supposed to do anything who now has a role on what at the time was the number one team in the nation mentally I started on this high right because I was living my dream but all of a sudden I began to feel differently I became anxious more anxious than I'd ever felt before I had five alarms to make sure I was never late but I never even used the five alarms because I woke up at 7:15 anyways due to my anxiety over being late and I worried about my athletic performance constantly on game days I worried what if I don't play well tonight what if the coaches bench me what if my passing sucks what if I didn't study the Scout enough there were times I would feel this knot in my stomach and my skin start to crawl and my hands start to shake and eyes well with tears because I was so afraid to play and make a mistake because at an elite level mistakes are costly and on top of it I had school and exams and family and a social life and I couldn't handle everything coming at me so fast and just piling up at one time I want to take a second though to show you guys how this happened to me because to be ironic it is easier to understand something when you can see it so we're going to look at a typical week in my life um I'm going to disclaimer this wasn't intended to be funny but as I wrote my talk I realized how much of a joke my schedule is so I had some fun with it so if you like to make light of a tragic situation like me you're going to enjoy this if not bear with me I have 16 units of class let's add a nice fat 5H hour practice block then I have required tutoring maybe time to eat because I'm a human who does that sometimes also I need office hours probably with a professor who thinks his class is the only thing I have to do in my life then I have an exam which I probably only know 20% of so I'm going to block out time to study and really master that 20% on top of all my other homework and oops maybe I have 6 a.m. running because my teammate's going through the same stuff I am and she was late one day but don't forget games on Friday and Sunday out of state so now I'm missing these days of class for travel secretly I'm kind of excited I'm missing class but the logical part of me's like when am I gonna find the time to make up that work because pregame warmup starts not one not two not three but a whopping four hours before the game so if you thought I'd have time to make it up I actually don't and then it all restarts when I hop off my plane bright and early to do it all again and in the little time I have left um I like to cry in misery I wish I was kidding but if you look at the schedule in all seriousness you can see how this can overpower anyone it could overpower one of you all all of the sudden I was thinking about what I have to do next what I can't be late for what I can't miss what could go wrong and it just kind of drove me off the wall and because I didn't have think I could have any of these illnesses because I was an athlete I battled depression for half a year without even knowing I was when I first became really unhappy it was in August and I didn't know how to describe it every morning I woke up I immediately despised the day um I didn't have the energy I didn't want to go anywhere I didn't want to see anyone or do anything at practice I just went through the motions I woke up I went to the practice block for 5 hours and I went to sleep and I did that again and again and again I was just depleted completely and utterly drained and do you know how much energy it takes day in and day out to not even succeed but just get by as a student athlete it's exhausting and I told myself you can't feel this way Victoria you have nothing to feel sad about you're starting you have a great family you have good friends and I was confused because I was known to always be the most energetic the most bubbly and talkative and always happy so I said put on this face and just fake it but after a while I couldn't fake it I began to see a psychologist once a week and that was weird being honest you know the first time I walked into the waiting room I was like oh my God I'm one of those people now like I have a therapist you know you imagine like there goes that voice stigmatizing mental health like therapies for weirdos I thought I'd like walk in and there'd be like this big yellow couch and like this box of tissues and they'd say like tell me your darkest Secrets but like it's not like that it was actually very helpful so after a while of seeing her she suggested I try medicine anti-depressants and I was immediately like what it's like when you've been dating someone for a while and they say I want you to meet my parents and you're like this is too serious now so naturally I refused the meds but of course my depression depression worsened I realized it wasn't something I could just eat a tub of ice cream over cry and be fine the next day the neurochemicals in my brain were literally not producing the way they once were and my serotonin levels were no longer high enough to keep my mood where it once was what I used to not be able to describe I could formulate into words I had this Dark Cloud over my head and it followed me everywhere it was there when I woke up it was there when I went to sleep it was there in practice every day passing balls and do you know how hard that is when you have to be good at your craft every single day and all you want to do is lay into a ball and just cry I remember times during water breaks I would run to the bathroom and just SOB because for 5 seconds I wanted my day to stop I never got to a point of self harm fortunately and um I never put myself in actual danger but I can remember a few times that I was spiking and I thought you know if this car accidentally hit me that would stop my week that would give me the break I so badly need I want to show you some pictures that I posted during this time in my life what do we think of these just look at them here I am with my friends at the party there we are looking cute and christmy over to the right we're celebrating I look happy right because no one posts what they don't want you to see this photo on the left I was at that party for probably 20 minutes before I was so overwhelmed with all the people around me that I snuck out the back and went home alone and when my friend in the picture texted me and said hey where you go I lied said I ran into someone the f photo in the middle we took like 50 pictures that night to find one that I deemed pretty enough to post on my Instagram completely staged and the one on the right I spent that night crying I was trying so hard to portray this life that I so badly felt I needed to have and this is a problem with so many people my age not just because of depression but because our culture has created this belief that we need to be achieving all the time in order to be happy right look what internship she got look what trip he went on it doesn't stop this constant scrolling of people who look like they're doing so so well that you sit back and say to yourself well what am I doing what do I look like why don't I look like her it's this flawed notion that says you need to be achieving to be happy and be valued if I'm on the USC Volleyball Team I'll be valued if I get this job I'll be happy at this point you're probably thinking why don't you quit I'm not on scholarship I could just quit why don't I just stop doing that I don't quit because volleyball is who I am it's not a hobby or something I do on the side it's my life like most athletes and what that means is I have to learn how to manage my lifestyle because I have two more years left and you better bet I want to win a championship I have major depressive disorder single episode with anxious features I see my therapist now I take medicine I practice positive thinking I try to be authentic on social media and to people but the biggest thing that stood with me is I sat back and assessed it all and I thought why why did it take me so long to acknowledge and accept my illness and I realized the culture that we live in as athletes does not make it easy for us to honor this if you think about it the culture of Athletics preaches where there's a will there's a way the best don't rest unless you puke faint or die keep going mental illness is associated with weakness to appear weak is the last thing an athlete wants and we're always hearing about the grind right it's about the grind even if you're not an athlete I mean you've heard about the grind to me it means when you just feel like you can't do something but you do it when your thighs are burning and your spring bullets you run one more Sprint when it's the fifth set and you just feel like you can't do it anymore but you go dig 10 more balls like that's the grind but being a part of this culture makes it so hard for athletes to differentiate between what is hard work and what is pushing yourself too far what happens when this push through your workout becomes a push through a conversation a push through a day and all of a sudden a push through your life I know what the grind is I've started on this team for 2 years competing with girls who were supposed to blow me out of the gym and that's why it was so hard for me to honor what I was going through I was in practice thinking I don't want to be here today I just want to go home and rest and I said Victoria the gold ofier left she's here she's working hard she must want it more than you you don't deserve to be here if you're not going to work hard I told myself I was weak for wanting a break and this is so true across all athletes because the stigma makes it so hard for us to come forward did you know that Serena Williams and Terry Bradshaw have had depression Serena Williams she's a legend okay she's been the world's number one female tennis player seven different times and even someone like her can struggle with these issues but that's just stuff people aren't realizing let's look at concussions for example in 1933 the ncaa's medical handbook said concussions shouldn't be regarded too lightly in 195 52 the New England Journal of Medicine said players who've suffered multiple concussions should stop playing football not until 70 years later in 2009 did the NFL even acknowledge publicly that concussions can have long lasting effects on players so we're looking at something here where 20 years ago nobody cared nobody cared about concussions you'd think yeah banging your head together probably not safe no players were told tough it out if your head hurts the way we're treating mental illness today is so similar to the way we treated concussions 20 years ago oh this athlete's feeling depressed sleep it off oh that athlete's having an anxiety attack tell them to calm down we need to make a change societally to make people care this much about mental health because I'll tell you this right now a physical injury is treated more serious than a psychological injury and that needs to change I could easily get the day off for a physical injury right because I'm limping you can see my ankle swelling but for an athlete to say I've been feeling depressed this week or I've had insomnia insomnia because of my anxiety you're just looked down upon and at this level no one wants to Mis practice I mean that sets me behind the competition behind on my team but when the trainer can see you're injured they make you sit out because they can see your physical health is at stake but when no one can see your mental health it's just up to you to decide and someone like me who hates not being there my team will tell you this I hate not being there when they're sprinting without me and I'm injured it kills me so for me to walk up to them and say I have a completely uninjured body and you can't see it but I'm not well and I need to rest today is so hard to do and with everything I've been through I've only done that once I'm here today for a greater population a silent population of athletes who thinks they'll be viewed as lesser doesn't have the courage to come forward or doesn't know that they can be a strong competitive Elite athlete and have a mental health issue in 2015 the NCAA conducted a survey they found that out of 2100 athletes 30% reported they were intractably overwhelmed on depression and anxiety they said they've seen a general increase this is 2 years old this should be recorded every season if not every year and they do not even give us numbers on depression and anxiety and this is the most recent survey the NCAA has done it infuriates me that something so serious is being so clearly disregarded I did my own survey to show you guys that this is an epidemic I surveyed 100 men and women from division one schools like Stamford Oregon Washington UCLA you name it and this is what I found when asked if they'd ever experienced symptoms of depression or anxiety 69% said yes the statistic I gave you in the beginning was 25 when asked if they think the amount of time they need to spend on their sport is too much more than half said yes almost at 90% and the next one honestly devastated me when the results came in and it kept me up for a few days I asked them have you ever felt you experienced anxiety depression or an eating disorder but we're too afraid to tell anyone more than half that means those athletes today are somewhere and no one knows that they're struggling and about 80% agree with me that this topic is neglected throughout Society my University gives me free medicine and free therapy and for that I am so grateful but so many other athletes like me don't get that opportunity because this issue is underrated and they don't have the funds due to the extreme time demands and the and the pressure that we athletes feel we need to make we need to just be very aware of how athletes are feeling across the country and consistently be evaluating them and athletes need to be aware of their mental health so that they can learn how to manage this lifestyle I love my team they are special girls and I love the sport of volleyball that's why I can't let it go but as I continue my next two years I hope that I hear this conversation get louder I hope Mental Health stops being stigmatized for all people and I hope that one day a person like me can get on this stage ask a question about mental health and no one will think twice about raising their hand thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @HollandTowne-j2f [3 likes]: We watched this in class today and I broke down so hard in front of everyone this is how I always feel and it sucks
  2. @Jordan-ge6rh [3 likes]: 4 years later, not much has changed unfortunately
  3. @phyroentertainment [1 likes]: 8 years later and yet nothing has changed even though we have thousands begging for change. Good job Capitalism!!! You continue to kill us slowly yet quickly due to greed and impossible schedules.
  4. @KyrahHeems [1 likes]: This really spoke to me as I suffer from mental health issues as well. In the beginning I thought it was normal and I was just a little less energetic and it will be okay. After some months I had an mental breakdown with my dad in the car when he was bringing me to school and I was really ashamed. I told him I was feeling a little down lately and it might have somethig to do wjth the many trainings I had for tennis. He told me many athletes struggle with such issues and it might be good to train less and give up on topsport, and I was shocked to hear him say that. I started to think about it and the 6 months after that conversation werent fun and I didnt enjoy my tennis trainings. I decided to stop playing tennis in the national team, but my parents didnt like that I made this decision, because they thoufht I was "throwing away all the hours and money invested and all I have reached until now." We had some arguments and I started seeing a therapist which I think is helpful. Now, it is a few months after the decision I quit the national team, but I am afraid I might regret it later and I sometimes feel weak because I gave up on topsport. That is in the long run. For now I am happy I dont train as much, but I still feel much pressure during tournaments (which I still play, but less) and I think I should improve my own positive thinking instead of quitting the national team, thinking my mental health will heal. On one side, giving up on tennis in the national team feels like losing and failing, but on the other hand, I do feel a bit better now (not like what it used to be but i hope Im still improving) and for now it has helped me.
  5. @ayannajarrett7753: Now let's do did 1 football 🏈 which is way worse and unfortunately unforgivable
  6. @ayannajarrett7753: Nobody talk about this!
  7. @MaansiKaligotla: hi. thank you for this talk. I just started playing my sport in 9th grade(currently a 12th grader in high school). i am naturally athletic, but due to challenges and covid, i could not start until high school. i also had mental health issues for a long time, and sometimes, i feel like i am not putting enough work, even though the reason why i do not overwork is b/c i have to keep my grades up b/c i am not going to get recruited b/c I started late. i want to play club sport in college, but i doubt that that level is high enough considering my "potential". America's go big or go home culture does not help with this. I used to feel this with academics to until my freshman year of high school b/c my high school is very academic. Thanks :)
  8. @alexisnewell3623: I had these issues and I was too scared to deal with it or talk to my coach and i thought if i kept working hard it would go away and i would get the sport i love back covering it up for so long resulted in unintentional compulsive behaviours that led to me being removed from the team i didn’t feel supported by my coach to correct things which made it even harder this definitely still isn’t talked about enough and this video is 8 yrs old
  9. @andraskalina3391: I might as well put my thoughts here. I am a footballer in Europe. Football as a sport has always been the means of braking out of poverty and crime. It is true that anyone can compete, from the kids who got nothing,  just the endless hours of play to the kids who are at the best clubs, gyms and pitches with all the facilities. It is difficult for everybody. The well off who do it for respect or for the city and the unfortunate who are chasing a way out of poverty. I would do anything to get out of where I am and I can do it through what I love. I just wish you best of luck and remember that at the end of the day it's up to you! If you don't love the hustle why bother?
  10. @chrispalmby4708: Two ways I found doing topic. I trained pro bodybuilding maybe age close to 20. 100% of it is psychological working on the body. Otherwise, can't sell one's own style. Training pro talk close to no verbal conversation. Worked on my head on that way. Get least 2-hour a day schedule going since showing up not rattling on all day with my mouth. Also, eventually year or two get own style. 2nd way Pro 2b Powerlifting since 2022 just showing up. 1st method works best. That way to have no problems showing up in the first place is close to no verbal conversation. Anybody can train eventually train pro that way. Some conversation year or two along after going.
  11. @5haped: Hello alfaisal!
  12. @michaelstovall9118: Great job!
  13. @livmartin3055: oh my god this is so true
  14. @nhmk2355: This is one of the best things I’ve ever listen to!
  15. @kurtmiller3986: Boohoo. Try doing 5 college classes a semester, starting a side business and serving in the military in an Infantry unit being responsible for 8 peoples lives in combat situations and live fire trainings. going to training 4 days a month, going on deployments and always having to be ready to deploy at a moments notice and drop everything in life at that moment. You play sports. Get a reality check.
  16. @CoachJeffP: Wow! What an incredible and important message! Thanks for your courage to share and the work you put it to make it a compelling story. I'm on board and will share further.
  17. @oliviarix2310: I’m from Buffalo. I was 9 years old when the skate incident happened. My father was watching it live on TV. It’s remarkable Clint survived. So glad he did!
  18. @Henry_Goodall: even though i am only in high school i have been constantly on the verge of breaking down this year. i play volleyball representatively as well as for school and a local club. i train 4 times a week and play once a week. on top of this i am training for track and field season in which i am training 3 times a week. i also have to find time to manage my schoolwork as for those of you in Asutralia i am doing ATAR and am trying to go to university. last month i tore my hamstring and all of this work that i was putting in, all of these struggles to perform under the weight of not only school but sport seemed to be stripped away from me. the motivation this video gave me and the reassurance that i know i needed has left me feeling less stressed and has helped me now focus on what i need to do to care for myself
  19. @ComedyHub-dz7sm: If college sports was easy everybody would do it. Weed out the weak.
  20. @gabriellerivera7551: I’ve been following Victoria on social media for years but hadn’t seen her ted talk until now; i also played D1 volleyball, played pro and on the national team; out of all my years in the sport, the hardest was playing in college. Having been had a scholarship, the pressure was at an all time high. I played for a D1 school in california, we were top 10 two years in a row— but our coach was an antagonistic, manipulative, controlling, unempathetic, and frankly mentally abusivo person; he scapegoating me and one other player, constantly turning the team against each other. It was horrific. I cried everyday; he threatened to take away my scholarship daily, and actively discouraged using the sports psychologist provided by the athletic department. When we filed complaints to the AD and the president of the school, nothing was done because our program was the best in the school. I was so confused because the old school athletic mentality was “when a coach says jump, you say ‘how high’?”, so i thought i was supposed to just work harder, but nothing was ever enough— it was like being in an abusive relationship.  I ended up walking away from my scholarship my senior year, the saddest but best decision i ever made. My grades sky-rocketed and i got on the dean’s list; i had TIME for anything i wanted…the first time in my life, it was foreign to me. I’m so thankful to Victoria for giving a voice to this issue. She’s inspired me to speak about my experience with the goal of speaking at a Ted Talk one day.

- How The Top 1% Deal With Performance Anxiety: Kind: captions Language: en on August 4th 2024 fans around the world witnessed arguably the greatest ever 100 meters Final in Olympic history during the entrances of the athletes the race favorite Noah LS burst through the doors not with a walk but with a roaring set of energetic bounces these carried him a good 50 MERS up the track away from his opponents who had all rather more calmly taken to their respective lanes for ly this was the first step to challing his pre-race nerves in a way that filled him with the confidence to execute however this routine was not complete because if LS kept up that energy as he settled into the starting blocks he would have been too hyped up something that could easily lead to a false start or a far from free flowing race so in the last seconds prior to the race he brought himself way back down the cameras caught him repeatedly uttering the words to himself thank you God this was of course spiritual but it was just as much psychological at that moment LS was practicing what's known as grounding selft talk a technique that allowed him to channel his nerves into focused energy and a couple of minutes later LS crossed the line first to win Olympic gold by just 5 thousands of a second so what on Earth was L playing at why did he go from explosive WWE style entrance to a calm grounded competitor in the space of a couple of minutes well it's all part of a wider strategy one where LS has got to a point where he's able to leverage and use his pre-race nerves to his Advantage he can strategically Channel nervous and anxious energy into a fuel that has made him become the fastest man in the world and the good news is the same strategies can be used by all athletes whether you're also a track athlete gearing up for a race a fighter heading to the ring for a bout or playing any kind of game or match you can use your nerves to help your performance rather than hinder it and this video will tell you exactly how right so what exactly was happening in those final moments before Noah LS won Olympic gold to understand let's talk about the jks Dodson law the principle explains the relationship between arousal levels in other words how pumped up or calm you are and your performance and the idea is simple too little arousal and you're understimulated too much and you're overwhelmed but there's a sweet spot in the Middle where performance Peaks that's where the magic happens for athletes finding this optimal arousal state is crucial get it wrong and your nerves might just sabotage your performance get it right and those same nerves can become your greatest asset so the first thing athletes must realize is that you actually do want to feel some of the physical characteristics of being nervous before performances because if you don't that's where you're understimulated and if that happens your body won't wake up quick enough to run a fast race or you won't be as reactive as your opponents and they'll sweep you aside but you don't want these feelings to become too intense you don't want your heart rate to increase so much that it feels like it's bursting out of your chest or you don't want the butterflies in your stomach to feel so intense that you want to puke because in those moments where you're over aroused you're more prone to making mistakes errors or have poor form and execution because you're too tense or just too agitated instead and this is the difficult part you want to find the sweet spot where you're hyped up but not too hyped up but at the same time you're composed but not too calm to the point where you're not switched on at all so how as an athlete can you use this law to your advantage well the key is managing your arousal levels through what I call uppers and downers uppers are techniques that boost your energy and get you fired up think of things like upbeat music high energy warm-ups or even a powerful pep talk these are great for sports where you need explosive power like sprinting or weightlifting on the flip side downers are all about calming your nerves bringing you back down to a state of focus relaxation techniques like deep breathing grounding selft talk or even visualizing a peaceful scene in your mind this is especially useful in sports that require precision and control like archery or pistol shooting now here's where it gets tricky finding this balance isn't something that happens overnight it takes years of practice self-awareness and experimentation athletes like noos have spent countless hours fine-tuning their approach to pre-performance arousal they've learned how to read their bodies and Minds perfectly understanding when they need to ramp up the energy and when they need to dial it back so if we look at LS before the 100 meters Olympic final You could argue that he uses his explosive entrance to really hype himself up and even deliberately take himself into the higher arousal Zone and then he engages in his grounding self talk to just nudge himself back into the optimal arousal Zone just before getting into the starting blocks and sometimes certain uppers like no's hyped up entrance actually Burns off some of that excess nervous energy so that you're then forcing your mind and body to then nudge back into the greater sense of calmness and composure that's required for Peak Performance the ability to shift between these Stakes with Precision is what sets Elite athletes apart it's not just about knowing the techniques it's about mastering the timing and intensity of each one and that's something that takes a lot of time patience and a lot of trial and error to get right but once you do it can make all the difference between a good performance and a gold medal winning one so how can you start applying these techniques to your own game well it's impossible for me to say because honestly it varies so much sport to Sport and also what type of competitor and athlete you are but here are three simple steps so that you can work this out for yourself one identify your optimal arousal level take the time to actually understand how your body reacts under different levels of arousal reflect on past performances to identify when you felt just right meaning you're not too hyped up but also not too calm this self-awareness is the foundation for mastering your optimal pre-performance state to experiment with uppers and downers incorporate both uppers and downers into your pregame routine test out different combinations to see what works best for you for example try some deep breathing or meditation a couple of hours before your event starting if you're feeling overly nervous and then use some Hype music to bring you up in the last 30 minutes or so before performing and if you're struggling for ideas here I've put together a simple list of 30 effective uppers and downers you can check that out using the link below it's completely free and then lastly refine through practice remember this is a process that takes time continuously refine your approach by practicing these techniques during training and less critical competitions just like an actor rehearses his or her lines you need to rehearse these routines so that come the Real Performance they run like clockwork and you just have full trust and confidence in them and if you consistently do this over time you'll develop a routine that reliably puts you in that optimal arousal State and and there's also one other super important thing that every athlete must do in order to successfully use their nerves to their advantage so to find out what that is check out this next video here

  Top Comments:
  1. @LamprosPapadopoulos-l4r [112 likes]: U should do a video about how someone that is considered one of the worst of his team or competition can drastically improve
  2. @Lamek.T [23 likes]: I always was just calm and trying to get focused all the time which I also felt nervous bc I thought if I get to hyped I'll lose focus but now ik that there is a middle ground of being hyped and being calm which now can help me strive better for the season
  3. @winningfugeo7034 [15 likes]: Best mentality coach ever ❤
  4. @Erik3E [10 likes]: Got a sim race today second of the season using this knowledge to calm my nerves. Last race was horrible despite qualifying 5th. So far im the fastest on track this week so im gona need this to not collapse
  5. @iamspenver [7 likes]: well well well im here pretty early
  6. @aron7548 [5 likes]: So Im a multi sport athlete. In rock, ice or mixed climbing and alpinism or any uphill mountain sport you need to be calm to be pecise like an archer you said but when Im protecting the net in a hockey game I need to manage situations of high intensity where I need to act before I think and have to manage recovery to play at full speed for 90 minutes. My original question when I stumbled on your video was on ways of dealing with extreme anxiety before games knowing that we ether lose or win becasuse of me to the point where you can't even talk to me or I snap. Im basicaly a monster that has to be kept in a private locker room before I step on the ice.
  7. @THEREALDTGAMING [2 likes]: i doubt you will see this, however i am going to ask anyways. I play football, and i play really good in games, blocking strong and playing with lots of energy when i have the adrenaline, but when i am in practice i am struggling because i dont have the jitters/high adrenaline, how do i bring that energy to practice or atleast mentally prepare better?
  8. @rachinsharma7197 [2 likes]: @sam martin please tell me is jealousy a good thing in sports like football if not please teach how to deal with those feelings and focus on your journey as a football player .Please make a video on this  
teaching how to deal with it and how i can just be satisfied with what ever ability i have 
and not be jealous of what other have please its an humble request from your  subscriber.I hope you will listen to my request as quickly as possible as it would help me a lot not only in  my career as athlete but also as human being in general life not only me but many others.
  9. @CharlesKan-d8i [2 likes]: Some great content to help before any competitive performance for an athlete.  A big fan of your content bro all the way from Kenya.
  10. @MaddieFishblob [1 likes]: Before a performance I usually try to conserve energy by not moving around too much, but I always get jittery and it’s distracting 😆 so I rly like this idea! Allow urself to move, jump, & fidget and then once u get it out u can truly center urself and focus before u begin the task that matters. I’m definitely gonna try it 👍 thanks man
  11. @amihu_veyy [1 likes]: fun fact: a chain of loops cannot start a world, the source has to be eternal. think about it
  12. @SepoMate [1 likes]: Thank you for all the videos you release to help us. Honestly, you deserve more credit for these videos.
  13. @job._.in6 [1 likes]: Thanks your vids are very helpful
  14. @pr41see [1 likes]: Can you make a video about expressing yourself while playing sports?
  15. @2003ToyotaSienna: Alhamdulilah!
  16. @lil_goat2958: I’m a gymnast going into my season soon will do this soon and use it during practice to help with new skills
  17. @ezi_vi: Very helpful video thank you.:yougotthis:
  18. @sibusisojrndlovu1160: Sam's a genius that's all I have to say
  19. @23nxss: World champions of what😂

- How stress affects your brain - Madhumita Murgia: Kind: captions Language: en Are you sleeping restlessly, feeling irritable or moody, forgetting little things, and feeling overwhelmed and isolated? Don't worry. We've all been there. You're probably just stressed out. Stress isn't always a bad thing. It can be handy for a burst of extra energy and focus, like when you're playing a competitive sport, or have to speak in public. But when its continuous, the kind most of us face day in and day out, it actually begins to change your brain. Chronic stress, like being overworked or having arguments at home, can affect brain size, its structure, and how it functions, right down to the level of your genes. Stress begins with something called the hypothalamus pituitary adrenal axis, a series of interactions between endocrine glands in the brain and on the kidney, which controls your body's reaction to stress. When your brain detects a stressful situation, your HPA axis is instantly activated and releases a hormone called cortisol, which primes your body for instant action. But high levels of cortisol over long periods of time wreak havoc on your brain. For example, chronic stress increases the activity level and number of neural connections in the amygdala, your brain's fear center. And as levels of cortisol rise, electric signals in your hippocampus, the part of the brain associated with learning, memories, and stress control, deteriorate. The hippocampus also inhibits the activity of the HPA axis, so when it weakens, so does your ability to control your stress. That's not all, though. Cortisol can literally cause your brain to shrink in size. Too much of it results in the loss of synaptic connections between neurons and the shrinking of your prefrontal cortex, the part of your brain the regulates behaviors like concentration, decision-making, judgement, and social interaction. It also leads to fewer new brain cells being made in the hippocampus. This means chronic stress might make it harder for you to learn and remember things, and also set the stage for more serious mental problems, like depression and eventually Alzheimer's disease. The effects of stress may filter right down to your brain's DNA. An experiment showed that the amount of nurturing a mother rat provides its newborn baby plays a part in determining how that baby responds to stress later in life. The pups of nurturing moms turned out less sensitive to stress because their brains developed more cortisol receptors, which stick to cortisol and dampen the stress response. The pups of negligent moms had the opposite outcome, and so became more sensitive to stress throughout life. These are considered epigenetic changes, meaning that they effect which genes are expressed without directly changing the genetic code. And these changes can be reversed if the moms are swapped. But there's a surprising result. The epigenetic changes caused by one single mother rat were passed down to many generations of rats after her. In other words, the results of these actions were inheritable. It's not all bad news, though. There are many ways to reverse what cortisol does to your stressed brain. The most powerful weapons are exercise and meditation, which involves breathing deeply and being aware and focused on your surroundings. Both of these activities decrease your stress and increase the size of the hippocampus, thereby improving your memory. So don't feel defeated by the pressures of daily life. Get in control of your stress before it takes control of you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @andrewbranto [1 likes]: high cortisol vs low cortisol
  2. @JacobDover-s4m [1 likes]: My friends Kayla and Matt stress me out what should l do.
  3. @Patsy-gq8ek [1 likes]: ptsd for 11 years. and more trauma since then. I never thought medication was real. so I didn't want to try. now I accept that my brain is wounded. I'm only hurting it more by not trying it at least. to see if it can help.
  4. @JacobDover-s4m [1 likes]: God help me not to get stressed out in this life 🙏🙏🙏🤞🤞🎁.
  5. @Sarah_1817: Please check out @CalmNestRelaxing for stress relief and relaxing music
  6. @spamyama: was it so hard mom 🥀
  7. @AlyssaelizabethJ11: Thanks to neuroplasticity and the amazing power of the body, the effects of stress can be healed ❤
  8. @laughoutloud69: Yeah, it's called being in the wrong relationship...  The biggest stress there is.
  9. @keishalayne6447: I use to listen this on a regular basis but now I have reconnected.
  10. @cece14444: ITS BEEN 10 YEARS OF TRUMP—MY STRESS IS JUST BREEDING ITS STRESS THANKS TO THAT AMEOBA. anywho my bedtime is now 8pm
  11. @AWayOfLiving84: 🌏♻️
  12. @KathleenBeltran-g3f: Thanks for sharing this, learned a lot.
  13. @Linda-e3m8d: Loved the content, keep it coming!
  14. @LyndaGoodman: This was very informative, appreciate it.
  15. @EmilLasseter-d2w: Amazing content as always!
  16. @yaserdersfreddeys: Loved the content, keep it coming!
  17. @ErrolHolstein-e9l: Really appreciate the insights in this video.
  18. @DouglasMartinez-e7y: Loved the content, keep it coming!
  19. @UsamaYusufimam: Fantastic explanation, thank you!
  20. @imrankhean-l9s: Awesome video, looking forward to the next one!

- “I Just Eat And Study": Why Indian Students Are So Stressed Out | Insight | Full Episode: Kind: captions Language: en 2024 saw an alarming statistic in India. More students took their own lives than farmers. We are losing young people to suicide. It's not only a loss to the family, but it's a loss to the community and the nation itself. Behind this is how competitive higher education has become in India. There's no holiday here in coaching. No holiday, no Sunday. It was stressful. I won't say it's not. It's almost like you either go to this best college or there will be nothing that will good that will happen in your life. In Asia, countries like China, South Korea and Singapore are commonly associated with high student stress. Is India joining their ranks? For the past one year, 22-year-old Anu Agarwal has followed a strict schedule. So I start my morning by waking up and u I have like breakfast and then I start studying. So I I study for around 7 to 8 hours a day and if possible I try to like study for more hours. I just eat and study. There's nothing else. Anu is preparing for India's Union Public Service Commission or UPSC exams. It's a standardized test required for those who wish to join the higher ranks of India's civil service. It's a grueling ordeal where candidates will eventually sit through 32 hours of examinations over the course of the year. For Anchu, D-Day draws near. This year the exam is on 25th May and um since 2 and a half months I left everyone has started preparing for it. You need at least five to six revision to like clear it. Each year across India, millions of teens and young adults sit for a myriad of tests. Year 12 students graduating from secondary education sit for the standardized all India senior school certificate examination. Then depending on which undergraduate course they wish to pursue, there are other requirements. For example, engineering hopefuls for certain programs have to take the joint entrance exam or J while those who wish to study medicine will sit for the national eligibility come entrance test or NE. And then there are profession related exams like the UPSC. For many, their exam results will determine if they can enter university or qualify for certain jobs. But all this could be taking a toll on India's students. In one survey, eight out of 10 year 9 to 12 students experience exam related anxiety. These students are between 15 to 18 years old. And for about 20 to 30% of these students, the anxiety is so severe that it impairs daily function. Being a student has always been stressful in India and uh definitely more so as and when we progress as a country or as in when new fields develop um new expectations develop new competitions arise. India has made remarkable progress in the last decade. As its industry modernized, India is now the fifth largest economy in the world and one of the fastest growing. Getting a degree is critical to climb the social and economic ladder. In 2022, there were over 43 million students in higher education, an increase of over 26% since 2015. So world over higher education has been understood or the campuses have been seen as spaces uh which ensure or which create possibility for social mobility. It creates in you abilities which would then help you cross your own social boundaries and move to other planes. Sometimes because these children are so young and impressionable, unfortunately they find themselves feeling extremely burdened by a lot of expectations that they have to hold on their shoulders. Sometimes it can be the pressure of relieving their family from a lot of uh financial concerns that the family might be having. The moment you're not a graduate, you're not looking for you. The probability of you finding a white collar job is very very little. So you have to be a graduate to start with. Um if you are wanting to get a white collar job, here's how higher education is structured in India. First are the universities. Universities are large educational institutions that offer a range of undergraduate and graduate degrees. Colleges are smaller institutions typically affiliated with universities for accreditation and focused on undergraduate studies. Some universities have multiple branches. For example, the Indian Institute of Technology has 23 branches across India. India has expanded its higher education institutions to match demand. From 600 universities in 2012, it now has more than 1,200 with some 43,000 affiliated colleges. But in the eyes of students and parents, not all schools are equal. Everybody wants just those few institutions. Everybody aspires to be uh getting into those institutions. So if you seek admissions into an engineering college, everybody wants to consider an IIT and within that an IIT Mumbai or an IIT Delhi or if you are seeking medical college admissions. So if you are in Delhi, then you want to do as or MAMC. While there is no formal definition, the consensus is that about 100 to 200 schools are considered tier 1 in India. These are schools like the Indian Institute of Technology, Indian Institute of Science, All India Institute of Medical Sciences and such. The intense competition for these tier 1 school placements is a major source of student stress. For example, IIT famously has an acceptance rate lower than Harvard or MIT in the United States. There are about 700 to 800,000 students who appear for the entrance examination with the joint J exam for engineering and about 2.2 million students who appear for uh medical admissions. It has to be really really hard. Why does this cutthroat competition happen? because we have we don't have sufficient number of seats. Why are so many millions clamoring for a spot in these handful of universities? Historically, these institutions and the students who have graduated from these institutions have done exceptionally well and the reason why they continue to do so is because they get get the best crop of students coming into those institutions. They may not necessarily have the best infrastructure, but the best students and the best jobs push themselves to or are attracted to go into those institutions. Each year, Times Higher Education publishes a list of 250 universities that produce the most employable graduates. 10 Indian schools made the 2025 list and all would be considered tier ones. there is a significant weightage to educational background especially um when you're starting to hire freshers. So that's the truth all competences apart um if two people are um evaluated together and the chances that the person who has gone through the IIT process versus somebody else who has not gone through the IT process will be preferred. In 2024, a report by talent assessment company Mercer Metal found that just about 4 in 10 Indian graduates were considered employable. The rest lack some critical skill. Students from tier 1 universities were considered the most employable while tier three the lowest. Compounding this is the high graduate unemployment rate in India. According to the International Labor Organization, in 2024, the unemployment rate among Indian graduates could have been around 29%. Compared to the general unemployment rate of almost 5%. there can be this certain pressure to pick a higher education um you know sort of stream that gives you the most money uh that gives you the most exposure that opens up the most job opportunities and I think the biggest pressure that people who are or students who are enrolling in higher education face is to make life decision at the age of 16 and 17 without even knowing the world. Uh you are expecting a person to choose how they want to exist in it. Universities have been blamed again and again for not making young people employable but that was never the aim. The objective of universities is to create independent minds critical minds uh with an ability to also introspect and criticize structures of power wherever they are. Nonetheless, millions of Indian students continue to vive for the limited seats in the top schools. And what determines their success or failure? The entrance exams. Preparing for them has spawned a multi-billion dollar industry in India. Exam coaching. [Music] [Applause] For the last 10 and 1/2 months, 18year-old Uruba Naz has lived apart from her family. Her current accommodation is a shared room at the Hinduru Academy. Travel time focus. The Hinduru Academy is a coaching center focused on national level entrance exams. It tutors both full-time students like Uruba and those that take classes after school. May Mishra a mechanical engineer by training runs the academy. We have a two shift. One is uh morning from 9 to 2 and another shift for the different student those are regular student from 4 to 7:30. Practically if I'll say we have maximum 5 hours in the morning session and uh we have 3 hours in the evening session for different students in this academy. Uh this is our fourth year and we have started from the 97 students and now we have uh in between 900 to,000 students for this current year. The exam prep industry is big business in Asia. Before the government took steps to curb it in 2021, the Chinese tutoring sector was worth some $70 billion US. In South Korea, it's over $20 billion. In India, despite its late start, the sector is burgeoning. In 2022, it was worth $6.7 billion US and is expected to grow to 15.1 billion by 2028. Talking about coaching, I think it's a necessary evil, right? So because there are tons and tons of students who appear for every every entrance examinations which you can think about and therefore there is a role which coaching uh institutions have have to play in guiding those students uh facilitating uh practice and preparation for those examinations and it's it's quite um relevant and important when I did my engineering I have completed it very smoothly but in today's scenario after seeing all the competition ation. I feel like that we need an expert can help us in all the prospects the considering the level of examination and the caution the detailed thorough study. Many of the coaching centers in India are focused on the university entrance exams. In particular, the joint entrance examination required for enrollment in tier 1 institutions like the IITs and the national institutes of technology and the national eligibility come entrance test needed for those who seek admission to medicine related courses. Others include the common university entrance test or cuit neat and J are the most popular examination nowadays. Generally we grow after listening these things. Once you grow you'll become a doctor, you'll become an engineer. So these are the sayings which we heard from our beginning and these are the two uh professions where we get respect. So students are also willing for getting respect. That's why they are opting for these courses. Uruba is currently studying for the NE. She had taken the entrance exam two years prior but didn't get her desired grades. So she's attempting it again this year, this time with coaching. It is important for me to crack me because it's a dream of my father. Like approximately 1.8 million students are expected to take the medical school entrance test or the NE this year. Competing for some 90,000 MBBS seats. For Ruba and others like her, pursuing their dreams means keeping a grueling schedule. It's around 5 to 5:30 and then Coaching is from 9 to basically and the next day starts. In today's scenario, the stress level of an ind students is very high. If student uh of class 8th, 9th or 10th started his school from morning since 7:00 and came back at around 2:00. He just freshen up, take lunch or something then start the evening session from 4 to 7. He go back at around 8:00 at his home and then he do the homework and everything. practically he is not or she is not getting time for herself or the family interaction. So this is the main cause what I'm understanding is the stress. Considering this we have a counseling session for such type of student. Anu Agural who is preparing for the civil service exam the UPSC had just wrapped up her stint at a coaching center there's no holiday here in coaching no holiday no Sunday only on festivals you get one day holiday otherwise there are no holidays now I'm done with coaching so now I prepare full-time it was stressful I won't say it's not coaching centers have become become so popular that parents are pulling their kids from state schools to attend coaching. Experts are now concerned for the toll coaching takes on young minds. Kot in Rajasthan has emerged as a coaching hub. One study here found that students who attended coaching were 13 times more likely to feel high levels of academic stress. We have co coaching uh cities where it might be a very difficult life but then there are people who are committed and who want to do this but more than that they are pressurized by their parents in the community to go into those it doesn't matter what their chances are. So um the fact is that the coaching institutions sell a few people's success and magnify it and make everybody believe that they can be successful. I do differ with that. Now our students don't sit in classrooms. Our classrooms are largely empty because those students are now coaching themselves to to be able to succeed at examination or competitive examinations which are organized by NTA. See school life is just not about scoring marks or getting admission into professional colleges. School life is also learning about give and take, friendships, life lessons, life skills. Those kids don't have that. What's more, coaching can be costly. In Kota, coaching fees can range from 40,000 to 200,000 rupees a year, roughly 460 to 2,300 US. The per capita gross national income in India is about 122,766 rupees. And there is a lot of parental pressure because so many of them you know have sold their land have fledged their jewelry and with lot of aspirations they have sent the kids to Kota. So there is this enormous pressure on the child to fulfill their parental expectations and also their expectations. So in 2024, the Ministry of Education issued guidelines to regulate the tutoring industry. Coaching centers cannot take in students younger than 16. They are also required to stop misleading advertising that promise unrealistic results. I would say that coaching centers are a symptom of the problem, but they are a very massive symptom of the problem because I feel like coaching centers also very successfully capitalize on insecurities that parents and children have and they kind of reinforce the idea that if you are determined enough and if you are hardworking enough, you will be able to achieve everything that you set your mind to. I think it is a combination of our educational system which relies so much on a onepoint examination. This uh one exam which determines your entire life is not really right and there should be opportunities for the uh youngsters to pursue what they want to do according to their capacities. But even if students ace their exams, getting into an elite university could come with a whole other set of pressures. Having cleared the university entrance exams, college life brings a different set of challenges for Indian students. The higher education India is comparatively tougher than uh other countries. The life of a student doing an undergrad or post is difficult. Well, like if I had to put it in a metaphor, I would say school felt like a fish tank whereas college felt like an aquarium. It's a scary world and you realize that you need to be resilient to survive in this world. Apart from having 7 to 8 hours of classes each day, for many this is their first time out on their own. So like used to cry and everything and just call my mom like I don't want to do this and all but now I'm this much comfortable. I don't want to go my home. When we are in environments that are so stressful, we are not operating from a space where we are feeling safe. It can sometimes um impact people at an emotional level, physical level, cognitive level where individuals can experience this much dysregulation where they start feeling burnt out. As for academic stress, burnout is especially prevalent among students on highly competitive courses. For example, in a national survey, 86% of medical students reported feeling disengaged while 80% said they faced exhaustion. There are three reasons why students in higher institutes feel stressful. One is their expectation from themselves which is which may be unrealistic. Two is the institute's expectation of what the student needs to give. The third is the parental pressure. When you set an unrealistic goal and say I have to be top of this, I have to do this. I have to do this. Then it becomes a problem. Suicide is one of the leading causes of death among youth in India and academic stress may bear a large part of the blame. According to the Indian Journal of Psychiatry, over 60% of student suicides are linked to academic stress and the fear of failure. Another study of some 8,500 students across 30 universities revealed that more than 1 in 10 students had suicidal thoughts in the past year. Over onethird of such students reportedly made the attempt. I think student suicide rates in India have always been alarming and I feel like it's only now that people are starting to talk a little bit about it. Um I think that a student specifically when they are going in these so-called competitive fields be it medicine be it engineering uh be it MBAs from the biggest business schools in the country um I think the way that these options are presented to students it's almost like a do or die situation and it is living in this constant fear that If I don't make this, I will make nothing of my life. And for students from marginalized groups, the pressure could be greater. Fear of feeling out of place. Fear of not knowing what to do next. Fear of being unable to progress at the same pace as everyone else. These were the words of Amuta Versini Sentokumar. The thirdear student at the National Law University in Delhi had written about her experience in law school. Shambvi who is pursuing a PhD at an elite institute in Delhi befriended Amuta through a student organization called collective. Amritta was a I mean very young and very uh vocal student uh law student. I remember uh meeting in joint uh programs or meetings uh on like what's happening on campus. she was very involved in these different issues on campus like around gender or cast based uh discriminations. So I got to know about uh Amruta's death through her friend who also part of collective. On the 4th of September 2024, Amruta took her own life. Amuta belonged to what's called other backward class in India, a group of communities considered socially and educationally backward. She was studying at NLU Delhi on a scholarship for marginalized groups. On campus, Amruta was an active and vocal member of the student community. So definitely a different discriminations happening in campus that was on her mind. She was herself going through. I think it was both uh yeah the academic pressure and definitely pressure of that comes with any kind of uh if not backlash but additional scrutiny on you for uh raising your voice. Data presented in parliament showed that from 2019 to 2021, a majority of students who took their own lives in central universities were from the lower casts classes and tribal communities. There are definitely some students who are more vulnerable to uh ending their life by suicide. specifically students coming from um economically marginalized backgrounds because the more marginalized a child's identity is, the more pressure the child has on its shoulders and the lesser access to resources the child has to even elevate some of the pressures that they might be going through. There have been many reports of castbased discrimination and bullying on campuses around India. John is a PhD candidate at IIT Bombay. As a graduate student, he assists in teaching. John has asked to remain anonymous. We need to open our eyes to see the discrimination and we will find that uh the discrimination is happening just in front of us. So we also see what kind of students sit in a group and what kind of students sit alone and on the back uh the back side of the classrooms and that kind of like you you will find that kind of difference of life and this difference of life is reproduced by the campus. Many people uh give the testimony that they have experienced firsthand cast based discrimination. IIT Bombay had previously rejected claims of castbased discrimination. But what makes castbased bullying common? In Indian universities, there is what is known as a reservation policy, a form of affirmative action. A certain number of seats are set aside for marginalized groups and lower casts. That is to ensure the entry of people from these sections who were not there uh 50 years back or 60 years back that has uh enriched the campuses and that has uh made the campuses very diverse. But this may have left some upperccast students feeling resentful. In an environment where top university spaces are hyper competitive, the reservation system further reduces available seats. The complaint that kota system is creating distress is a complaint made by people who come from uh communities which call themselves upperccast. The upperccast feels distressed because it sees that well everything belong to it and now uh there are different clients. Like sometimes castbased discrimination is like calling someone by a name but on other times it can also be who can cope up. So actually you shouldn't be there. It's because this policy exists that you've somehow landed up in a place that you were not fit for anyway. The issue has now caught the attention of the Supreme Court. Earlier this year, India's top judicial body had asked the University Grants Commission to provide data around castbased bullying cases across central, state, and private universities. Meanwhile, student deaths have raised concerns about mental health support on campus. About 10 years ago, the rising cases of suicides in IITs was raised in parliament. It prompted the then Ministry of Human Resource and Development to convene a task force to look into the matter. Dr. Lakshmi Vijayakumar was part of the group. She had also helped draft the first national suicide prevention strategy. Mental health support for students in higher institutes is not adequate in India at all. Every institute should have a specific mental health support plan. It should be multistakeholder. It should have students, staff and administrators. In India, every year we lose one lakh 74,000 people to suicide. We have a national suicide prevention strategy which has been formulated in 2022 but it has not been implemented which is a sad story. As for Amuta, after her passing, NLU Delhi closed the school for 2 days as an act of condolence. But before the month was out, another student would take his own life. The response since then also has been very typical of administrations everywhere which was to just uh like basically they shut down the college and please avail the counseling facilities available on campus but uh definitely no actual other changes happening on the campus. What will it take for things to change for Indian students? Dr. Lakshmi Vijayakuma founded Sneha in Chennai almost 40 years ago. It was one of the first suicide prevention organizations in India. Before long, Dr. Vijayakuma began noticing a pattern. We found that there was a 40% increase in calls from students and parents when the exam results are announced. Okay. And then we were very distressed because there were a lot of students who died because they have failed in their exams. The situation since has been bleak. In the past decade, student suicides in India have grown at an average of 4% per year. This prompted a call for change by Indian media last year. I really want to ask ourselves this question that what does really change mean in this particular context? Who really needs to change? H is it the parents that needs to change? Are is it the government policies that need to change? Is it the coaching classes that needs to change? Is it the institute that needs to change as well? Because I feel like this is a problem that is so multifaceted and had so many layers that every stakeholder in this situation needs to consider this as a problem for them to even think of changing it. One solution may be to increase the number of tier 1 schools and by doing so raise the acceptance rate. We have over uh 40,000 plus about 42,000 plus colleges about 1200 plus universities in our country. But uh the fact is that we large number of institutions exist in our country who are very good uh but they may not be ranked or they may not be perceived as the absolute best because of the fact that they they're not as old. They are not delivered as many people to the industry yet but wait I think those guys will catch up. There'll be more and more institutions who will stand up and say we can rub shoulders with the absolute best. However, India's universities struggle with faculty recruitment. In a recent parliamentary report, elite institutions face an acute professor shortage, some with more than 50% vacancies. If you look at uh state universities, uh they are in very empowered state. Thousands and thousands of teaching positions vacant. So teaching positions have been contextualized. As a result, there is an issue of teaching quality. In 2019, the IIT Council, the institute's own governing body, found that more than half of its professors did not put in enough effort on research and teaching. In last 10 years, most of the central universities have been packed uh with teachers who just cannot teach. They're incompetent. They're inefficient. Uh they're not trained in their disciplines. To solve this, IIT would adopt a tenure track for professors. New academic staff were put on a 5-year probationary period. Tenure would be offered based on performance. The probationary period had previously been one year. Several other universities would follow this practice. UGC is trying its best to check the quality. They should go to check the teachers. Teachers are underpaid. So teacher should be given proper facilities. They are talent should be respected. So the teacher should be well paid, well selected on the basis of talent. There were also calls to improve mental health awareness and support on campus. In 2022, the University Grants Commission issued guidelines to all central and state universities to promote mental health and student well-being. For one, all higher educational institutes are required to have a student services center to address stress and emotional needs. But the UGC acknowledged the shortage of mental health professionals in India. So there is one counselor for now more than 8,000 students. When I was a student, there were around 8,000. I think having more counselors is definitely helpful but it's not going to eradicate mental health problems in a child because mental health concerns that a student opting for higher education um is going through is not necessarily going through because they don't have the capacity to deal with certain emotions. It's also because structurally they are in a position in a world that expects so much of them uh where they cannot understand how to navigate this space as well. The UGC's guidelines came out of India's move to overhaul its education sector outlined in 2020's national education policy or NEP. The NEP included goals like more equitable education, improving teaching quality and focusing on holistic and multidisciplinary learning. Now there is no barrier like teams that child can select the subject according to the choice can go for uh more science subjects or uh be with music and be with languages and whatever you like. So it is a good thing that the basic talent of child will not be killed. NEP I think is one of the most transformational policies which uh the government of India has brought in starting from primary education to the the absolute higher education everything every aspect of that has been looked at and it is not that it is cast in stone there are many reviews which are happening and they upgrading it constantly. It brings in so much of opportunities for the student. It brings in so many opportunities for the institutions to deliver better quality better with greater amount of flexibility. It lacks direction and it's not written in a policy in the language of a policy document. uh you will find the word quality being mentioned more than 50 times or even more in in the document. But what constitutes quality? How do you ensure quality? When do you say autonomy? What does autonomy mean? One stated aim of the NEP is to change the exam focused culture and eliminate the need for coaching. It proposes to do so with regular assessments rather than the current system of one major final exam. In Tamil Nadu, Dr. Vijayakuma and her organization had shown that diminishing the gravity of assessments reduces student stress. 20 years ago, they petitioned the state government to give students a doover on their exams. See, it's not fair for a young person who has failed in one or two subjects by a few marks to lose an entire academic year and be the butt of ridicule and be stigmatized by by people around. give them a hope, have another exam a month later or two months later so that they catch up because anyway the uh the school starts after a gap of 3 months. In 2004, Tamil Nadu allowed class 10 and 12 students to retake their exams and since then Tamil Nadu's exam failure suicides have reportedly dropped by 70%. Several other states have adopted the same practice. The step of seeing that we don't have students dying because they have failed in the exams is crucial because it's not only a loss to the family but it's a loss to the community and the nation itself because they are all young people who were the backbone of any nation. Actually this is the time we are implementing NEP 2020 and it is very early stage. After five six years the review will come out and things will be in the public domain and we will try to improve improvise and come up with the uh makeup of those things. But perhaps the change that is needed must happen in Indian society at large. Last year a tech CEO said employees should be willing to work 14 hours 6 days a week. This prompted a wide discussion about India's hustle culture. Somehow we have believed that if an employee is working longer hours the employee is being more productive and somehow we have equated just giving your life to work as dedication. I don't think we're ready to prioritize student stress in India because we have normalized it to that degree that if you've chosen this you have to study 14 hours a day. You have to give all your life here. And as the NE exam draws near, these are the hours prepared to pull. 10 to 12 hours. With so much attention now given to student stress, where is education in India headed? This March, the Supreme Court issued significant directions to address the prevention of suicides in higher education. Will this be the catalyst for change? Quality education should be every child's right. Uh and no child should compete to want to study. I really hope in 10 years time Indian India's higher education sector remains about education and not about business and that's my hope. Higher education in India is in a growing pace and the induction of uh new disciplines matchic with the changing challenges and scenario of the whole world. The Indian higher education system is also trying to match up with all those things. Where do I see higher education in in India in 10 years time will be the world's number one. The number of research institutions the number of institutions putting focus on research is multiplying by the day. So every which way I look at it both in terms of quality quantity um the depth the width of the higher education system is going to be the best in the world.

  Top Comments:
  1. @procrastinationismyfulltimejob [3 likes]: 10:33 HELLO?? If providing proper updated syllabus, good quality education n skill training isn't the pupose of universities then i dont know what is!! Its precisely because only a handful of universities offer actually useful and updated education(in a particular field) that students compete for it! Only tier 1 and a handful of tier 2 colleges come under the category, any other college does not provide proper education/skill development opportunities/exposure which is why getting a degree from those colleges is useless!
  2. @ALQudPost [2 likes]: Do we care, no. Does anyone care, no.
Why?
Because Indian are cruel people, they only care about money, money and money!
They studies hard to get job abroad 
They have 0% humanity 
Ai taking over jobs , we don’t need Indian
We don’t want Indian
  3. @blankjohnson6934 [2 likes]: Inspite of all the stress we produce a very low quality workforce
  4. @diaryofanimmigrant5206 [1 likes]: When people breed more than they can feed: this happens. The value of life goes down. And still people keep breeding!
  5. @MonnaDevi-k9q [1 likes]: I graduated 2 years ago, now completed masters degree but I'm jobless and I'm depressed now studying for jobs,my parents are upset because Ive no job ,the constant comparison is killing me , I just want to run away from home ,my mom wants me to study and do all the house chores and loose weight and learn other skills (tailoringetc) at ones ,and now the pressure of marriage cause my cousin got married, god I'm dying ,
  6. @adammanan8370: Working is more stressful than studying
  7. @kennethchao1678: 500 - colleges - free free free 





5000 - internet - university 


Free free free + online online online
  8. @hasbulla-n8s: no wonder so many of them turn to scamming
  9. @idkman-v5j: 7:41 its 1.5 mil jee students now-
  10. @WaymanSings_Codes: This is very stressful
  11. @squirtlesquirtsquirt: i wish i was as smart as them tho.. im in gr10 and realizing now how dumb and bad i am at everything and how i probably wont get into the medical field like i hope to
  12. @microblogging7643: "The Objective of the University is to create independent minds."  ok thank you for the assessment
  13. @takeshisatou2371: just pay for a cert and get into sg and find jobs 😂
  14. @Esther-t8f5i: I’ve realized that a lot of my stress comes from my family. Growing up, it was drilled into me that I had to achieve the highest level of education — become a doctor, follow a path that never even felt like mine. There was this constant expectation to be loyal to the family, to become the safety net for everyone. That pressure shaped how I see myself and my future.

Because of that, I’ve decided I don’t want children. I don’t want to pass on the same burden I carried. I don’t want my kids to grow up feeling responsible for fulfilling dreams that aren’t theirs.
  15. @BeraGunnarsdóttir-d5e: Dayum i thought that the thing they learned was
Apple apple very sweet apple very very sweet appluhhh
  16. @Doeince-p2x: The first thought that came to my mind when the woman said 7-8 hours is, "That's it?" 😅
  17. @Munna-yr8qo: Coaching center are the dream killer .they glorifies colleges , sales dreams to get, beat the rank out of students, advertis it. and the cycle goes on .
Just imagine 30000 seats in colleges ,candidates 1.4 million students. God damn!
  18. @frc_sc9114: I have struggled through this system. That’s why I’m not having kids to make them go through this. 😂 drastic population decline is what we need. We need to starve the capitalist class of the worker, maybe then the conditions will change. But this will never happen as poor and middle class will continue popping babies. Whatever, I’m out of this rat race and hell hole 😂
  19. @z̓́-j5u: 3:00 “NEET” “cum” this has to be a joke right?
  20. @Reema-k4s: It’s a shame. If India didn’t have such a huge population, if their university teaching was in line with other international universities, they could have opened up their universities to foreign students especially as teaching is in English. It wld have helped get foreign income into the country. Another missed opportunity for India. Maybe one day.

- The Secrets and Science of Mental Toughness | Joe Risser MD, MPH | TEDxSanDiego: Kind: captions Language: en Transcriber: isabella hilário Reviewer: Emma Gon You're about to hold a plank. Just 60 seconds. You know it’s coming. That tension in your core. The burn in your arms. The mental countdown ticking away. You’re already thinking, Now imagine you push through that feeling. You hold on. Maybe your body starts shaking. Your mind is screaming for you to stop. You tell yourself just one more second, and you make it to 60. You’re feeling pretty proud of yourself. (Cheers and applause) But then you don’t stop at 60 seconds. You don't stop at five minutes. You keep going for an hour, for two hours and then ten hours. Yep, ten hours, ten minutes, and ten seconds. That's exactly what George Hood did when he set the world record for the longest plank in history, a feat that most people would not believe possible. I met George eight years ago when he set the record, at that time, five hours. And I’ll tell you this, he just looked like the definition of mental toughness. The focus in his eyes was razor sharp and he was drenched in sweat. He was hurting. You could see it in his face. Feel it in his body, but he didn’t stop. Later I asked him, George, how do you do it? His answer surprised me. The plank is 90% mental. George told me he kept his mind busy distracting himself by focusing on the conversations in the room, drawing energy from the people around him. But there was something deeper happening here. We often think of grit as that mental toughness that helps people achieve extraordinary things, like ultramarathoners finishing races with broken bones. But here's the twist. Grit isn't just about willpower. It’s rooted in biology, and the most powerful indicator to date is a protein that we’re just starting to understand, called Brain-derived neurotrophic factor, or BDNF. Think of BDNF as fertilizer for your brain. A protein that helps neurons, the cells in your brain, grow, stay healthy, and communicate more effectively. This protein is crucial for things like memory and mental resilience. Many things increase BDNF, including sunshine, blueberries, and antidepressants. Exercise increases BDNF the most. And the plank? Yes, that simple yoga pose, just might be one of the best exercises for building mental toughness. I’m a clinical professor and diplomat in the Department of Preventive Medicine at UCSD. I’ve been doing clinical research for over 40 years. In the clinic, many of the patients I care for are so-called medically destitute. Some had a heart attack or stroke in their 40s. Some experienced a horrific accident in their 20s, rendering them unemployable, stripping them of everything and leaving them with chronic pain or disability and a heavy dose of despair. In no way am I suggesting something as basic as a plank can fix these conditions. But more research is warranted to learn the potential benefits. What makes the concept of grit and BDNF so compelling to me are real life examples of individuals enduring these devastating conditions. Researchers and clinicians still have a lot of questions about grit and the plank. No one has ever studied BDNF during a plank. Yet, what we know is this: the most effective exercises for raising BDNF levels are those requiring mental effort. If you've ever done a plank, you know how quickly mental fortitude is required. That, along with what we've learned from George, leads us to believe the plank may be one of the most efficient and effective ways of increasing BDNF. You see, grit is not just for planks. And BDNF is not just a theory, it’s backed by science. A 2005 article in the aptly named journal Hippocampus described an animal study in which exhausting physical exercises like continuous swimming produce less BDNF than exercise that required mental focus, like navigating mazes. In people, activities such as yoga, of all things that combine physical effort and concentration, have produced some of the highest levels of BDNF ever measured. Currently, I’m designing a study for people like Daniel to see if the plank relieves pain. Daniel suffers from a very rare condition known as Complex regional pain syndrome, or CRPS, which is infamous as one of the most painful diseases. There is no known cure. As one patient said, the slight sensation of water dripping on my foot feels like hot lead. Despite living with this excruciating pain, Daniel managed to do a plank for over nine hours on his CRPS arm. Think about that for a minute. The most physically and mentally challenging exercises helped one of the most painful conditions. Now we have evidence that an important part of the answer lies in BDNF. In August of 2024, an article appeared in Experimental Neurobiology titled “Modulation of BDNF by Physical Exercise.” They found exercise doubled the level of BDNF. I am here to raise awareness so that this relationship between exercise, BDNF and improving the quality of life may be studied further. BDNF is hot in the research world. I'm about to make it hotter. George, Daniel and my patients deserve as much. Now I'm going to leave you with the challenge. The next time you feel you need more grit in your life, do a plank. If you can't get on the floor, do it against a wall. It only takes a minute, but that minute can be transformative. Thank you. (Applause)

  Top Comments:
  1. @harshanahar [1 likes]: Thanks I'm gonna do plank regularly now
  2. @fionarossi12: we need more people this empathetic
  3. @edwinacaparelli9911: My friend has complex regional pain disorder actually I had two one of them did medically assisted suicide because after the limb was removed, the pain didn't go away.  And my other friend is still soldiering away.
  4. @edwinacaparelli9911: Isometric holds like the plank or wall sits, are so beneficial for your blood pressure and literally the entire system.
  5. @stevencole7331: This is a very interesting discussion and I thought about long lived people I have known and they have a far higher mental toughness over regular folk . My mom was one of them she could tolerate endless amounts of physical and mental pain . If you look at the long lived people they are tough and physical is not the only display of toughness but the mental side is far more important and that is the primary function of toughness . The centenarians usually have lived very difficult lives . Now toughness doesn't display a person good at fighting . You can be tough and quite nice and friendly . It's an inner strength that occupies the individual . 
A very enlightened discussion .
  6. @markmearth1: This guy is awesome.  ❤ He is smart,  insightful,  and has a really good Heart.  ❤❤❤❤❤
  7. @vinusspartanssoul7: Thank you so much for sharing this information. Really you are amazing. This would really helpful for the people who kind of me. You have done really great job. Your research really helped the people and you are you have done great serve for this earth. God always bless you so thank you so much
  8. @AkpoFerdinardBekwapu-z2q: I could barely hold myself pass one minute 😢😢
  9. @AngelGarcia-s6p9c: Gracias TED de Ángel Hugo Garcia Lara
  10. @Jawedgour-j5u: Great job, this video was very useful!
  11. @davidallison9499: Great message. Swimming takes mental focus. Perhaps yoga or doing a plank creates more BNDF, but swimming should be studied as another possible game changer exercise.
  12. @ijpritho: Best crowed ever!
  13. @The100KServer: Dry the dead hang. Same experience.
  14. @ambikakakad8587: Lately I feel like I've lost the grit and i struggle with mental toughness. But this inspired me. Thank you Doctor for sharing this valuable knowledge.
  15. @christopherpotter114: Wtf?? Doesn't define mental toughness at all and then conflates "grit" with an organic compound? His TED talk is about as professional as those jeans.
  16. @Califateful: A one-minute plank is good, got it. I want to do it now.
  17. @om.dialed: Any type of work has to be easier than holding a plank ima just think of it that way
  18. @brokenbadge4273: plank for one minute is not gonna do anything. I regularly do dead hang for 1.5 minutes, and dead hang is way harder than plank. 20 minute planks maybe, I may try that someday.
  19. @EricRaganLICSB: BDNF stands for Ballet Dancers Never Falter!! LOL
  20. @ash-yk5ns: 2026

- HUNTERS Vs EQUITATION! World Equestrian Center BARN TOUR!: Kind: captions Language: en hello everybody and welcome back to my USA series I'm currently at the world Equestrian Center in aala Florida and this is actually also known as the horse capital of the world so the world Equestrian Center is absolutely huge they have stabling for over 3,000 horses so today I thought I'd give you a little bit of a tour I'm also going to be trying equitation for the first time and I'm going to be trying Hunters so a lot going on in this Vlog so first off how about I give you a little bit of a tour because yeah it's huge it's massive because it's so big here you can't walk around we're actually going to drive so this is going to be our transportation device of the day it is Big we're going to be driving for a little while to get to the indoors we're now in one of the indoors and I have never seen an indoor arena this big before let alone in England let alone in Europe so it is absolutely huge they have one big arena there that I think they were doing hunter or equitation classes in and then they had the whole warm-up Arena back here now as I said before there are multiple indoors like this not one not two there are six and they're all climate controlled so they have air cor so it's nice and cool in here now this warm-up Arena I actually got to ride in yesterday I had so much fun so I'm going to take you back to past Esme who tried equitation for the very first time if you're also like me and didn't really know much about equitation before this video I thought I would do a little definition for you guys in Esme terms so it's an equestrian discipline that's very popular in the USA and a lot of it is showing and down to the Riders position so you have to have the perfect form and the judges look at every single detail so your position must be textbook it's also down to the functionality of your riding and the thought is the better the position you have the better you are as a rider this morning I'm riding a horse called Happy who is an 11-year-old mayare and a very pretty one as well and Brook far has very kindly offered to be my trainer for the morning teaching me about all equitation she's also coached many riders to the top level to be Champions as well so I'm definitely in safe hands think we just go down a hole Yeah of go cuz again it's all about your angle yeah for the X so your leg just looks a little short to me and crunched good just keep your hip tall and your leg long position from one side to the other but this leg wants to be a little bit more natural and around the horse so that one wants to slide back just a bit is even better so if that Stirrup iron can stay right at the middle of the girth that's theide ideal spot got it okay so you kind of just have to find the middle of the horse and then try to roll around it and not push away or tip forward or backwards okay all right we'll go try to again nice medium caner step and again a little bit lighter so you're not driving the caner step in front of you good Pleasant and natural that's the goal okay pleasant and natural and everybody's on the same page there you go good your right leg looks really good that's it I'm just going to have you close your hip a tiny bit so you're not falling so far far behind her good okay little less step we have a lot of horse there let's bring it back just the touch of course I was being told off for riding like a classic show jumper and maybe going a little bit too fast that's the caner I want right there okay got it energetic but calm so it's a lot of things to manage you know especially even with horses like they have to be able to do all the things too but also look beautiful and simple and a lot of them aren't Easy A lot of them are like really powerful athletic horses that have a lot of step and a lot of energy so now at the caner you can have a bit of a lighter seat still okay a lot of what we do is a little bit of a lighter seat in in all the Rings really now this might sound ridiculous coming from a show jumper but the part of equitation that I struggled with most was actually the jumping I found that you had to take off a lot earlier so I did get left behind a few times that could also be partially down to riding a new horse that I'm not used to that has a different Rhythm but I definitely do have jump Bad Habits Stay tall with your shoulder and now close your hip one two one there you go now land in your heel not on your toe good straight and steady we're going to stay on Rhythm and you're going to close your hip now stay down yes better right so step through the calf so that your leg stays in the middle your hip is right over your heel and then your shoulders just close slightly okay make sense yeah okay go again which is good so let so this is the caner no more no less okay so you're whole job around the ring is to find a way to maintain that Rhythm good looking in a little left calf there now close your hip better but again I don't want to see big moving I don't want to see that hip getting pushed back in your shoulder pushed forward I want you to just bend at the hip okay so as you get to the jump literally just close the hip don't push forward don't push back leg around hold your right Cal one two close the better we stood up a little bit there though right there don't push away from her body stay around her body she sees it you go with it better take a breath we have a lot of horse right here easy easy easy and give that one that was the best one and you did better on the back side yeah the position off the ground but at least you were in the middle of the horse and not in front or behind right yeah and I didn't see a big move it was you were on stride you were on Rhythm it came out of Counter step you stayed with the jump perfectly thank you ever so much totally confusing or okay it's like being taught how to ride all over again like it's always like I don't know how to ride anymore it's everything right it's it's it's everything it's not just getting over the jump clean it's not just being fast it's not just the horse looking good it's literally the equitation is literally the rider being in complete control of themselves and the horse and the course it's really it's really a lot of work right so you know here we put so much emphasis on the equitation because it the theory is that it's going to get you ready to do the big jumper tracks effortlessly so like mlan w is the one that you automatically his equitation is perfect he did all the finals he won all the finals and he goes into those meter 60 classes and it looks like an exitation round yeah and he's always in control he's always composed his s is always listening to him so that's sort of the basis of it all but then when you get down to it and you start really working on trying to do it even over a small jump it's a lot it's really a lot it's a lot to think about and it's a lot for the horses to understand you know but but you dig great that last one was 90% of what you wanted right you started at yeah 20% and you and within 20 minutes you're like oh this okay this is the Rhythm but it is about the Rhythm you can't have too much you can't have too little it has to be right it's like trying to figure out the whole stuff it's a lot and she has a lot of buttons you know she's quite broke so sometimes you do a little bit of something with your body and she's like what does that mean what do you want you know so you get a different reaction than you're gunning for only because she's always looking for the next job yeah you know as a show jumper I feel like I have a very upright position my instructors always like set up off yes you want to be a little bit more back right yeah I'm used to a horse that's um very forward after the jumps and he can um get very long and very like on his for I'm like sit up Jo but that was great you did a great job thank you so much you're the best instructor and yeah than thank you because it's very confusing it I'm sure it's confusing I hope I didn't make it more confusing for you you've been brilliant and happy has been brilliant as well so happy is wonderful so I've just finished my first ever time doing equitation my first lesson doing and oh my goodness there was a lot more to it than I thought I thought oh it's just show jumping but slow and looking pretty but it's a lot more complicated like I was riding in a double Bridal which I wasn't used to I was riding on a horse I wasn't used to um there was a lot going on cuz obviously it's a warm-up Arena so I was trying to dodge everybody as well um but also when I first started jumping I was like oh my gosh this lady is going to think I don't know how to jump because that horse takes off a lot earlier than Joey as a massive stride as well so I did get left behind a few times I'm going to try and include all the fails cuz I want to show you the reality of trying something new it's it's not easy you don't always get it first time but by the end of the session I managed to get there a little bit more and happy was amazing Brooke was amazing so thank you so much again to Brooke and happy for my first ever time doing equitation welcome to one of the Barns and yes as always there are multiple of everything here so the barns actually go all the way up to zed so they're in alphabetical order and apparently there's even more than they run out of letters of the alphabet um so they have stabling for over 3,000 horses um there's actually been a big show last weekend so all the horses have gone now they've all gone home so the barns are all being cleared up at the moment but when I was here it was so lovely seeing with the horses some horses are here for months some are here for weeks some are here just for the weekend so they do have like shows on here all the time and there's also turnout pens as well so some horses go out during the day some go out during night so it's really nice that the horses get turnout too while they're here and competing so I'll try and find some turnout pens for you guys to see in a little bit but anyway on with the tour there's more to see so I think next is to try and find an outdoor Arena which shouldn't be too difficult because they have 23 23 and these are Big Arenas as well and that doesn't include um areas for warming up or they have like lunge pens or lunging areas as well so yeah it's it's a big old place here welc to one of the outdoor Arenas it just goes on for miles it goes on forever so this actually was split up into two different areas for warm-ups the other day so this is kind of Hunter land they had some Hunter shows going on over in the corner now if you're like me and a British and you're like Esme what is Hunters what is that all about here is past Esme who tried hunters for the very first time so meet Buster here's the horse that I'm going to be trying Hunters on for the first time so this is all very new to me today I've learned the difference between kind of hunters and equations so equitation what I was doing earlier is all kind of based on the rider how pretty the rider looks when Hunters is a little bit more down to the horse and how pretty the horse looks so we're going to try some Hunters um so yeah this is Baston stor he is a rising 8-year-old he is a hunter horse and yeah I'm excited again it's going to be very new I'm probably going to do lots of things very show jumy or show jumper esque but um yeah just giving him a groom getting used to each other and then it'll be time to T up before we begin I just want to say a huge thank you to Shane Powell and also Margaret Swanson for very kindly letting me ride faster and try hunters for the first time he's got to feel very comfortable and relaxed right yes perfect and then just go to trot and get to know him good think softer posting at the top of your post perfect good as you almost want to think how do I get his neck and his head to relax and stretch longer there yes yes that's it very good good you can keep the short rain but you want him to reach for the bridal a little bit like a stretchy trap very good in the hunters I learned that they quite like their horses to be long and low and round so it did take me a little while to get used to Buster what buttons I needed to press but in the end we managed to get there and up into a nice two point a two point Esme oh sorry perfect that's a big caner that's perfect no big bigger than that no bigger than that good good soft posting very nice there good lower your hand perfect very good I think he's my favorite I've ridden so far I feel like I click with him better than the other horse good boy yeah he he was made for Content got Tak him back home to England so you're You' got that like jumper seat right and it gets electric which is great for getting him to go cuz he's so quiet but you want it to be like a really almost like a a muted request and you say and we caner and then he just steps nicely into the caner rather than that jarring like speed caner because once you once you relax and you get really rhythmic with him he will just soften into a really quality caner okay all right but you're doing a great job that like long stretchy Trot that you have to do in Dr and the long stretch you walk like that's the name of the game you want the horse to look as pleasant to ride as possible all right any request you make has to look like magic made it happen yeah okay really good feel the difference there yeah good really nice so his jump yeah okay he'll jump up to you yeah all right and then when he lands you stay down accentuate your two point a little bit more drastically than you think you have to you're going to feel like you're laying on neck all right but you want to think he will jump use his shoulder and his neck and then as he lands he uses his shoulder and his neck to land and continue into the line so you have to stay with him and down so that he can use that and then power off the ground and continue going okay you're going to feel ridiculous yeah it's okay okay that's I'm so used to sing up off job r you can grab Maine y as much as you want to okay okay you are not going to offend anyone okie dokie I'm going look off me Mis he's like yeah jumping is my favorite part stay balanced here there one 2 three 4 Land one two 3 excellent one two press really good 1 2 3 4 now es that felt a little weird but that was actually the spot that was a very good jump we just have to get you to be a little bit more Hunter that's okay it's not going to happen in like an instant that was the right choice it's so hard right cuz you're like I need to do something you just sit there and close your leg and you maintain one Rhythm okay that was very very good and when I hit it I was like yes I got the right stride then I was like ah we're jumping freak out and that's you know it's it's hard you know when you're used to jumping horses that do a venting and then you move into the the hunter World their jump is so slow and lofty yeah that it's it's so much time that you're like I should be doing more things and you don't have to do more things you just kind of sit there and stay with them okay soft soft soft perfect that was wonderful come on those last three were excellent a thank you excellent thank you it's very different it's incredibly different and you you did a really really good job trying to like follow everything and still ride and figure the horse out at the same time so there were a lot of things going on and you managed them very very well thank you all righty my first Hunters lesson is now complete oh do you want to scratch oh bless him he looked after me so well it's just taking off so it feels so early like you're just doing a long one every single time and having to be like all slow when I I feel like I'm such a hot rider like I get on horses and they get a bit fired up I don't know if that's cuz the show jump for of me or if I'm used to Joey who's a little bit more on the lazy side so a lot time I'm like come on Joey let's go so um yeah very very different but so much fun I really enjoyed it I feel like I just need like a week of constant lessons then by the end of the week I feel like I can it can all click but the whole time it was just like me using my brain trying to figure out what bus TS to push what to do when so there's a lot to take in a lot to take in you have been incredible Mister after our little Hunter interlude it's now time to continue the tour now you might be here thinking oh esm is showing us the main Arena look at all the stands look at how big it is oh no oh no the main arena is even bigger than this so I'm going to wait make you guys wait till the end to see what the main arena is like because that is huge it's right by the hotel as well but anyway on with the tour on with the tour welcome to the paddocks there actually aren't any horses here at the moment they've all gone home cuz there's kind of like a bit of a change over between shows they had a really busy show the other day for the line League of Nations um but anyway so that's why there's a lot of noise going on there's a lot of pressure washers there's like a whole Cleanup Crew here at the moment making it look and span ready for the next one because there are shows here pretty much all the time but anyway on with the tour over here they also have a whole horse hospital they have a human hospital as well but at this horse hospital or ecoin hospital they have one of the only in the world standup horse MRI scanners which is pretty cool so all of the horses here are very well looked after there is also so a whole retail Village here so lots of equestrian shopping and non non horsey shopping too but anyway of course I had to walk on by the lir stand so if you're ever at work be sure to pop on in we're finally at the main Arena now I actually got to stay in the hospitality the other day and watched the fbii long jeene League of Nations which was absolutely incredible so thank you so much to the world question Center and lir for very kindly having me as you can see this arena is huge the atmosphere here with all the jumps in the Nations as well competing was phenomenal I had so much fun and you can also see the huge Hotel behind me here I feel like with this tour we've only really scratched the surface there are so many other areas that I haven't shown you for example they have a whole RV park they have a gas station they have literally everything you can think of it's almost like a little mini town here because there are some Riders when they are competing you know they're here for weeks or months so it kind of is a home from home but anyway I really hope you've enjoyed today's video let me know what you think of wack or the world Equestrian Center is it the best Equestrian Center in the world if not where else would you like me to come and see and yeah come and invite me if there's another place in a different country where you guys are like uh I think we do it better but anyway it is pretty cool here so amazing but anyway thank you so much everybody for watching today's video I also just want to say before we finish another huge thank you to everyone who has made my USA trip possible all the kind people that have let me ride their horses and have given lessons to me I had so much fun but yeah thank you for watching today's video if you're new or have not done this already please like And subscribe it really does help me out and I really do appreciate it and I'll see you all next time [Music] [Applause] bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @tac-c3t [3 likes]: you’re so lucky to go to WEC Ocala. i want to go so bad. i’ve been to Wellington, Ohio WEC, but not Ocala, Florida. i hope that someday this can be a reality for me, but right now it’s not. i’ve been riding for five or six years now and i want to go to WEC Ocala some time in my riding career. this is literally my dream to someday go to ocala. but for now we stick to wellington WEC in ohio. also for riding hunters for the fisrt time, you did great! i have been doing hunters my whole riding life. hunters is very complicated and very technical. but you did great!  i don’t think you’ll see this esme, but you’ve inspired me and you’re a great equestrian youtuber. you are so great at riding and you are so nice and caring for all your animals. i’m so glad you are part of the equestrian and youtubing community. i love watching you!
  2. @stormcroow [2 likes]: Team USA❤
👇
  3. @4Holts411 [1 likes]: update sorry about the spelling i was multitasking
  4. @4Holts411 [1 likes]: im a big fan it seems im a bit t like you my parents are not  horsey and i never thought i could have my own horse  until watching your  sucsess without horsey parents im still only 11 but you realy inspiered me thank u😊
  5. @Equestrian_Taylor2012 [1 likes]: Coming from a hunter equitation rider I definitely struggle with the equation a lot to, but once you get the hang of it it’s so much fun. I really appreciate you doing this to because not many people out of the US are familiar with this kind of riding
  6. @eedits13 [1 likes]: Hi esme❤u looked great
  7. @HeavenBoundPoise [1 likes]: Thank you for doing this. I was literally abused by every trainer I ever tried to work with in Ocala so I wasn’t able to do anything but drive around the Equestrian Center once. I wish I would have got to ride in the arena.
  8. @UnashamedEq: AMAZING! you should def go to WEC again! It looks so much different now! I would love to see another of these vlogs, but you should show there! I will be there again in 5 days! xoxo
  9. @Lilian040210: I understood exactly nothing of what's being taught 😅 Can someone recommend me videos on basic beginner level teaching? I took lessons but they all expect me to know controls and cues and ? How? It feels so gatekeepy...
  10. @Kaheihakarukny: You came there the week after I was there when the video was posted
  11. @Mossssssssssssssssssssssssssss: As someone who started jumping around a year ago when coming from a primarily western background, it was a completely new language for me. Everything was different and trying to get to know the horse I lease and understanding what he needed from me was quite interesting. After almost a year of leasing him, I've improved so much and our first show together is next month and I'm both excited and nervous!
  12. @ryleebabs: you did so well!! what were those breeches from?
  13. @Em_Eq15: Why havn't I watched this video yet?! You did amazing for your first time Esme! I do hunters and equitation ❤
  14. @EquiEternal: Been popping in every now and then on your channel and it’s (obviously) been a bit. It’s so cool you came to the US and tried your hand in the hunter jumpery things! You truly are a natural for the equitation, I don’t think it would take much polishing. I’m so sorry for your losses this past year, it seems ‘24 was particularly hard on everyone in one way or another. So happy you’re doing better and forging ahead. Take care. 🫶🏻
  15. @Hunterjumper-4321: I go to worlds equestrian center every summer
  16. @Addie_is_crazy1234: Hey Esme… you are the reason I started horse riding and I love your videos soooo much keep up the good work Esme ❤❤❤
  17. @isaiahHanson-f3v: you look so good
  18. @pennyhpotter: Why don't they ride the horses together? Why do they want them long and low in a jumping class. And jumping in a standing martingale? Weird.
  19. @hannahgendron7094: it's kind of funny, as an american, i'd always thought of hunters as something we took from england! but I guess maybe y'all invented foxhunting and then we made a show discipline out of it?
  20. @WisteriasWorld: we love Esme terms! you should make an Esme dictionary LOL!!

- Horseability at the Hampton Classic  2009 Part 1/2: Kind: captions Language: en thank you I ride at palomin and in and I'm and I'm excited CW why do we call you like about Dreamweaver um because he's very nice scared about today yeah a little bit yep thanks how long have you been with Dreamweaver um almost two years two years almost you guys like each other a lot yeah hi I'm Todd Pritchett from I ride a horse ability it's a good program I've been riding there for almost eight years and I trained by a metal Idol and today I'll be writing blue hi I'm Dory Gordon this is my son Alex Gordon say hi hi and we're here with Donna and Rachel Shafer and Lauren you want to come over right sure say hi and we're here to cheer we're from quogue Pony farm with Donna and Rachel and she's riding zebutan and we're here to cheer her on here the cheer on wishing good luck yeah I wish all the all the all the ride is good luck everyone it's a great day and it's her first time so good luck to you and you are very excited thank you yay wish good luck good luck all right thank you and here hospitality and um and I loved it there it's great yeah thank you here with Tina Rocco the managing director of The Long Island horse show series for riders with disability and today the series is having its finals here at the Hampton classic Horse Show teener it's a pleasure for us to have you here and can you tell us a little bit about the horse show series sure very excited to be back the law and horse show series was created four years ago by several equestrian professionals who are supportive of forcibility Lazard is a horse ability program however it's open to Riders from all over the tri-state area so we have writers from several programs that participate there are many writers here from palamine equestrian as well as other barns the horse show series consists of three different divisions the first division is the leader sidewalker division where the writers will be showing with AIDS they'll either have a leader or leaders and sidewalkers with them and in that division they walk walk Trot and do a walk Trot figure eight class the next division is the beginner spotter independent Division and in that division the Riders are really start starting to ride on their own um some of them are completely independent where others have someone standing five to ten feet away from them and in that division we do also offer a canner class for the riders that are ready to move up but they can or individually and then the last division is the advanced spotter independent Division and in that division our Riders are usually almost completely independent they're able to group Trot and group canner um and we run that very close to a typical equitation class and I believe this is the fourth year that we've had the finals for the series here at the Hampton classic can you tell me a little bit about what being here at the Hampton classic means to some of these Riders um being at the ham Hampton classic is exciting for I think any Rider growing up on Long Island I know when I was a kid it was the highlight of the show season to come out and show and there's writers from all over the world that come to the Hampton classic so it's very exciting for our Riders to be here competing right alongside with them it's a really big day for them well Tina we want to congratulate you for all the great work that you do with this horse show series we congratulate all of the Riders and we thank you so much and wish everyone best of luck today thank you and thank you for having us back at the Hampton class again we're looking forward to a great day I'm here with Barbara Spindler one of the Riders who participates in the advanced Division and Barbara how do you feel about today you excited about the events yeah I'm actually looking forward I'm excited about it today excellent who are you riding today I'm riding just gel and what barn do you ride at I ride at palomine equestrian anything you want to say about the show series and um Good Luck to everybody and uh you know hey it's a great day you know everybody's down here having a great time so enjoy the day thank you thank you hi my name is Regina Broderick I'm one of the volunteer coordinators here at horse ability we are a therapeutic writing program for special needs kids and adults we're here today at the Hampton classic with our kids that have made it up through the season and have qualified for the Hampton classic so we are here setting up our ramps getting everything ready so our kids can have a great day the best thing about horse ability that I know of for the years that I've been there is that we place ourselves in a parade of progress we work towards the success of other human beings and for that alone our payback is great but there is nothing better than spending the day at the barn with the horses and our kids we're joined Now by three very distinguished guests who are here with us today for the finals of our Long Island horse show series for riders with disabilities and first I'd like to welcome the executive director of the Hampton classic Horse Show Jeanette Cohen and chanette you of course played a key role in bringing these finals here to the Hampton classic can you tell us from the horse shows perspective of what it means to have these finals here it's such an honor actually it's fantastic that we now have some very important competition on Monday this used to be just a schooling day and it's wonderful to see how these Riders have come back year after year this is our fourth year and I'm just so proud that we can host this competition thank you and also with us today is the managing director for show jumping for the United States equestrian Federation Sally Ike and Sally I believe this is your first time here with us for these finals at the Hampton classic and when you see these Riders competing what goes through your mind I'm excited I'm excited to watch be able to be the important day for them and they are champions in the in their own right and it's very very inspiring I'm thrilled to be here well we're thrilled to have you and I know as you presented the awards to each of those finalists I could see on their faces that it meant something to each of them and it was really great of you to make the trip to come here and be here today I was thrilled I was when chanette asked me if I would do this I was like yes I'd be there in a heartbeat thank you thank you also with us is the president of cavalor Philippe Collard and Philippe and Cavalier made a very generous donation to the horse show series earlier today and Philippe I want you to ask why cavalor uh a equine Nutrition Company who sponsors world champions and Olympic Champions chose to support this horse show series for riders with disabilities well we assuming we support um these kinds of activities because these athletes and I'll call them athletes or are true Champions cavalore is the brand of Champions so we need to support those Champions as well and uh as I said to Tina we'll be there for the long run we'll support them for the next few years well thank you very much it is really uh very generous of cavalor and wonderful for you to lend the support and we thank everybody for being here today on really what is a very special day at the Hampton classic with these finals of the Long Island horse show series for riders with disabilities thank you hi I'm Amy clever I'm from comsted com said state Stables this is Zimmerman and it's an honor to be here because this is the first time Sean Gwen and and everything so it's been a great honor it took us a long haul to get here but we finally got here and competing since November the horse ability competition and I'm with Corrine right now Corrine what are you most excited about today I'm just thrilled to be here I'm thrilled I I would like to thank shornette for um all her courage and her enthusiasm to build blizzard and to let us compete here it's truly a dream come true for most of our Riders and I'm just thrilled to have this great sidewalking staff who has you know suffered along with me through the year for competitions as well as practices in the rain in the snow and everything so they find it just as much as a privilege so what are you most excited about for today you nervous for the competition I am I am but I'm going to take in every moment and enjoy just riding my horse you the best of luck I'm sure you'll do great thank you thank you good luck I'm here with Alexandria Alexandra what's your favorite part about being at the Hampton classic horse show I think just spending great day with the people here in the horses are a lot of people you met a lot of riders have you met most of your competitors yes so how do you feel about the competition today you think it's going to be strong yeah it's very strong and how do you feel are you anxious are you nervous are you excited I'm excited I was a little nervous before getting here but I'm good now I'm home yes good luck today now we are going to ask our first exhibitor entry number 1984 Victoria College we are going to start off with the trotting so as our schedule watch our first of seven men to compete during the truck we're up to be here cross portion of our class at your number 1983 Alison Drake of Babylon New York New York and I'm excited a show entry number 1985. this is Alex Donelan of Hicksville show entry number 1980 this is Corrine valancia Medford New York at our adventure showing for number 1982.4 all right if you are going to ask that you reverse and continue the show after one Runners reverse 1980s up CS3 foreign we're joined by Kevin O'Connor Bridgehampton National Bank who's the sponsor of this day in this event and thank you for what you do for the community and for this event here at the Hampton classic well we we appreciate the opportunity quite honestly uh this is my second year here and uh these people are so inspirational uh and our ability to to be able to participate and give something back to UNI which has given us so much uh really makes it special I look forward to this and when it's on my calendar it's it's something I will I get out of bed early this morning to come here so I'm pretty excited and uh it's going to be a great day in the start of a great week I believe well congratulations to Bridgehampton National Bank at a time in the history of America where banking has gone through uh ups and downs you guys are way up and uh what Testament to you and your staff and the people of Bridgehampton National Bank well thank you thank you it's uh it's really a testament we've been around we're going to celebrate 100th year next year and the decisions that uh the board management have made in over the last number of years really put us in a position where we can do what community bank's supposed to land in our community support our communities you know basically provide what banking is supposed to be provide businesses opportunity to grow or Provide support for the customers and consumers and and being able to sponsor and participate in events like this which give back to the community it's it's very exciting to be here I'm I'm a lucky guy I love my job and I love the company I work for so thank you and you have the awesome responsibility of handing out the awards to these participants and what a great event this is it brings out the best for these young people and Riders who were part of Long Island riders for disabilities in this horse ability event Bridge Hampton National Bank does a lot of work like this in the community don't you yes we pride ourselves in really being Community involved involved in the community and really events like this uh you know I give out the ribbon but I think I get much more back as part of process because you could see the look on the young people in the people's faces as they accomplish these things it's tremendous and so uh any opportunity you get to do things like this you should be very proud and very excited to do it so I know you to be a working banker and you're working here today giving being here representing this great back bridge Hampton National Bank for those of us associated with the Hampton classic thank you so much for what you do and uh continued success to a great Bank thank you again I appreciate the opportunity I look forward to the next hundred years for our company so thank you number 1985 football players so here's a big star and his name is Kevin so Kevin how does it feel to compete in the Hampton classic Horse Show good and so what was your favorite part about being involved I don't know they're riding so has helped you today or was it all you only all you see that's the big star Kevin you excited for next year he's already getting prepared for next year thank you congratulations thank you well this is such a big day isn't it huge we got to give some credit to your horse what's your horse's name Julia Julia part of this what does it mean to you I love coming here coming here every year it's different so same emotion just different and who's here watching you and enjoying this uh my entire family who I would like to thank and my lovely trainer who's right here what's your trainer's name Lisa Lisa could you jump up so we could see Thank you Lisa we have to thank the trainers who make the soil possible well we're so proud of you thank you for all that you do and being part of this event you've given us inspirational moments thank you horse ability is such a tradition here at the Hampton classic and we also have riders that are Tradition at the Hampton classic we're here with Tara who has been coming to the Hampton Classics since you were about seven years old did I hear not to the Hampton classic I've been riding since I was really little but I was at the Hampton classic two years ago two years so you've been riding for how long since you've been since I was three and a half I think three and a half so how has this experience helped you um this experience helped me to grow as a person because I'm able to interact with horses and other Riders and physically how does it help you physically it helps me to become stronger and keep up my stamina better so yeah I think without the support of your family you know this wouldn't be possible as well so would you like to tell us a little bit about the journey that you've taken your daughter on as well Tara started riding at horse ability she was like a seven or eight at that time she was enrolled at the Crestwood Country Day School which is across the street from horse ability I used to pick Tara up at lunchtime take it for her writing lessons at horse ability and then bring her back to school this went on for a very long time excellent so how do you think that you'll you know you'll do something for horse ability in the future you know what do you think this is going to bring I'm not sure I just want to do my best and give back to horse ability in any way I can volunteer yeah I do volunteer for the camp every summer and I just love all the horses and the instructors and do you do anything other than ride horses um other than riding horses I just have my friends and family and we have a bunch of animals at home and have you met a lot of people in the ring and you know you meet a lot of friends your competitors and whatnot yes I meet a lot of friends and I make friends with my competitors and it's just really fun for me horse ability is like a very large extended family we're very supportive of each other and as the program grows that circle gets wider and wider and it's always a great pleasure to give back to them because of all the wonderful things that they give to the to the Riders to the families it's just a very unique program with very unique people involved I also understand you where I'm riding your horse today and you're not going to be in your division so can you tell us a little bit about that um well my horse has been having some back issues at the moment so I don't want to ride him until he gets a little better but I have been riding him to get his back better so I'm trying to fix it and I just wish I could ride him today but I can't well you know I'm sure you're gonna do great I saw you practicing out there and thank you so much for joining

  Top Comments:
  1. @lovejoydoll615: I was impressed with #1983 Allison Drake. She had great position and looked like she had no trouble posting the trot. She was smiling and looked very happy with her and her horse's performance.
  2. @VVHTV: Thank you for the many letters, emails and phone calls to the station about this broadcast.
This program represents only a small sampling of the wonderful individuals and their families participating in these programs throughout Long Island. VVH-TV is proud to bring their story to TV. We encourage our viewers to offer their support so that the good works of the Long Island Horse Show Series for Riders With Disabilities many continue in bringing joy to an ever increasing number of young people.

- Horseability at the Hampton Classic 2009 Part 2: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] I'm with a group of volunteers can you guys tell us your favorite part about working for horse ability it's very rewarding to be in the show ring and walking around with them and helping them yeah it's good to help out with all the people they love doing it seeing everyone smile and making riding for everyone you in the back sorry it's fun to help all the people on the horses and it's rewarding it's really fun and it feels good when they have fun and they have a do a good job it's really fun to help all the people get to ride and yeah so are all of you part of an organization like are all of you part of a specific riding group that comes to help out yeah we all ride at Indian Head Ranch on Long Island from so do you vary from you're different ages are you all basically the same age we're basically all around 14 15 yeah all right well and and you all help the younger kids as well the older kids and what's the most exciting part about this day um just seeing some of the kids that were nervous before coming to the Hampton classic and riding and winning ribbons and being happy do you guys have specific relationships with the people that you meet with some of the Riders you get to know them really well yeah we get to know them all well that's really great and that's how our Riders succeed here at horseability at the Hampton classic hor show we also do welcome Kevin o' Conor Mr Kevin o Conor president and CEO who will be making the presentation today for our exhibition walk Trot and figure 8 class as well as our Championship others joining Mr O Conor will be Mimi bristell Carn misales and Kelly Watson so we do thank bridg Hampton National for sponsoring the 2009 Lazard Championship here at the Hampton classic at this time we would also like to congratulate all of our Riders again who did the figure eight class so let's give them a round of applause here very well job and we do the results now of our winner of our walk Tron Figure 8 with AIDS our congratulations to our winner entry number 1980 Karen Volante of Medford New York riding diamonds so congratulations Karen balante winning the walk Tron and figure eight with AIDS also awarded the tricolor ribbon for our championship in a 2009 Hampton classic Championship tote from o so our congratulations to our champion once again Champion Karen balante congratulations thank you so much tell us the name of your horse again this is Diamond my boy you love Diamond don't you I do I do we've worked hard together this year and even though I've gone through so many ups and downs this year in my personal life and my private life he always kept a consistency for me and I thank him from the bottom of my heart you're so proud your parents are here and your family is here yes my parents are here my godparents are here my aunt is here and um actually some of my students are here who I taught so I'm a special ed teacher so this is fabulous a lot of people are proud of you and congratulations thank you so much really thank you a diamond he wants his din he's definitely magic right you magic he knows it oh he definitely knows it he every to be that confident doesn't you are my boy thank you right this is the reason I started do we have her chair Moren Mike I know you're proud of your daughter M yes I am very proud of her she worked very hard to get here what a long process and hard work and dedication in order to make this happen absolutely it's been uh many years she's actually four years trying to make this happen for herself so she's been working uh you know three days a week and uh practice practice practice she's done and would you introduce the trainer who uh worked so hard oh this is Dena Dina the lovely Dy we love She's did a great job with Karen and they work together as a team so well yeah we've worked very very hard um trying to get her ready and just building up the strength in her legs and her tummy and she persevered she pulled through like I knew she would I want us to just take a moment and enjoy this proud moment that made all of this possible thank you Karen K you are an inspiration honey you're my girl this has been a phenomenal journey and hopefully many more to come this is Karin's proud aunt that's right hi I'm Carol ngor at Samberg and I have been missing out on all our prayer exhibitions this this is the first one that I've come to I brought her all these flowers today and today I'm an interior designer so my words are is I'm putting this in her vase otherwise known in a trophy so I feel happy today was an appropriate day to come and she won that she's she's amazing my sister my brother-in-law wind beneath all of our wings and Karina is going through other things in her life and for her to be able to win and stay focused for this is a leader and she is a leader and she will be here to teach others how to be a leader and no matter how many times you fall or people throw stones you get up again you get back on that horse excuse the metaphors but she will she will prevail and it will be a fabulous story you've noticed this transformation since she uh embarked on this Bor yeah since she's born she was born unfortunately with a zero appar score I'm also a registered nurse so that meant that she was born not breathing and they didn't expect her to do anything more than uh get to a 2-year-old level she has now gone to college she has her Masters in uh special education has been teaching and is now a championship horseback rider and it is it has been because of her parents and my sister and brother-in-law they're amazing people amazing all Tides against her they she made it it's an amazing it's fabulous I can't believe I'm here today excuse me is the go honey I don't want to hide your ribbons though there's so many we need to redecorate you I love you second place Awards entry number 1979 Alexandria conu of mutton toown New York and blue we have a tie I'm with the most beautiful family that's been part of horse ability the economu family Stefan Christina and Alexandria and you know firsthand the beauty of working with a horse and what a horse can can do for someone Alexandria yes um well for me riding is my form of mobility and I have been able to find myself on the horse the horse's motion replicates human moving and just the connection but also every day you know I'm fighting sort of my disability so being judged at the walk we're here at the show ring awards are being handed out so it's a little noisy behind us but as a family you've had to deal with a lot families do deal with a lot but this is a proud moment for you isn't it Christine absolutely and um so many of the families that come to therapeutic horseback riding have been broken in so many ways from their children's disabilities or um startling diagnosis and so uh when you spend so much time in the medical world you're learning about all the things that your children cannot be cannot have and cannot do and then you get on a horse and it doesn't seem possible and then your child is riding and smiling and forgetting all of the problems that we've had and it's very healing for the entire family and that is what has drawn Us in I think to be so active with with horse ability and lazord Stefan Joy is what I feel from your to see your your daughter participate in this event to see other young people participate who would have not had an opportunity and here we are this is the Hampton classic hor show it can't get any bigger bigger than this this place scares people you very intimida but tell us Stefan as a what are your feeling today well obviously it's very exciting for me because uh to see uh my daughter who has disabilities so she can't do other types of sports but she can handle and uh manipulate a 1000b animal 1000 plus plus yeah plus some of these big boys and and she does it so well now and it just it it makes me happy and uh you know it it's all about what they can do not what they can't do it horse ability well that's true because very there not that many people that could ride a horse and do what you do and you've given it the dedication and uh congratulations for what you're doing you Alexandria I know you're very busy doing other things when you're not here and involved with horse ability well horse ability takes up a lot of my time and I love it but also I'm going into my senior year of school the Henry wardi school and I'm excited about that but and I'm going I'm hopefully planning to go on to college after that pursuing something with healing horses or just something in the healing field is that interests me a lot well there plenty of challenges ahead but you've overcome some significant major challenges and uh this is so so wonderful there any words that we can give for someone who's been going through what you've gone through and as a family what you're going through to maybe give them some hope or inspiration as to how they can handle what life is uh has dealt them well uh Alexandria I would like to say is a kidney transplant patient and she's had multiple Orthopedic surgeries so she spent a lot of her childhood um in surgery and Recovery lots are very tough hurdles to jump and um when you're in that it's very hard to see out of it it's very hard to find Hope and it is my belief that hope is very much the last thing that human beings have but what I've learned um in keeping her um feeling like a human being is that we keep our eye always on the prize not on the ordeal and to all the parents that are going through so much of the agonies that we have faced it sounds unbelievable but there is always something positive to find something strong and something healing if your child loves animals and is not afraid therapeutic writing is the perfect vehicle for your child to experience movement and feeling and experiences that they couldn't get in any other way and the people that work with horse ability the staff the amazing volunteers make this all possible and I won't forget to mention the horses yeah you about them that's right yeah so who's your favorite horse H you can say well my beloved favorite horse sadly had to be put down last year due to lime disease and the name his name was Thunder and uh we'd like to also add that Alexandria had an injury she was not riding for nine months and what helped her with some of her rehab was knowing that this was where she wanted to return to and so that's what she did she's only been riding for a couple of months now so being back at the Hamptons yeah never give up and what Ally always says what do you say keep going and that's all there is that's Rock and Roll Baby I'm with Fred penzel and we're looking at Joe your son is uh set and ready to go yeah he's uh he's he's in his fourth Anon Classic this year and uh he's can't wait he's been waiting a while I think he's uh really ready to get moving FR you're by profession a psychologist and this organization and what it does and what it means is something significant isn't it I think it's tremendous these are children who used to sit at home and do nothing and who were not included in anything and now have the ability to participate on the same level as other abled people and your son is into the yard of equestrian English writing very much so yeah yeah although he can do Western also but he's he's also nice hockey player and a figure skater and when did Joe begin with horseability uh at the age of five actually we read an article in the newspaper one day about this program and we're very curious because we didn't know what uh uh you know what it was all about and he'd never participated in anything like that so this was uh was a big moment for him to really begin in this program he was one of the I think one of the first horse ability writers so those parents out there that um have a a child that that could benefit from this what could we say to them oh I would say uh don't waste the moment get your kid out there into as many activities as possible I I know my own son has benefited tremendously he's grown uh into someone who can follow directions who can take responsibility who can uh feel a sense of pride in himself and and compete as I say he's actually competed in some shows with regular kids now and and done fairly well for himself so I got to say he's uh you know he's come a long way he was somebody at once uh who could not speak or have any vocabulary he was he was pretty much uh locked inside himself totally now he's uh you know he's become a person in his own right he just turned 17 uh three weeks ago it's so wonderful to stand next to you and see your pride as your son participates here at the H this is the Hampton classic we know what a big deal this is and to see him come here and win ribbons and and participate you know it's like it's to me it's uh it's watching him is like a million bucks it's amazing he's uh just that he's here at all you know and and it wouldn't matter what just that that he's here doesn't matter how he does or what place he takes just the fact that he could be here participating is is worth it to me just to see him we're joined by antonet Regina and Amy and you're all part of horse ability you all participate could you tell our viewers what you guys do um well at horse ability I'm the director of equin operations there so my job is basically to take care of the horses and make sure they're ready for our Riders my job I am a volunteer coordinator I make sure that the horses are where they need to be our kids are where they need to be and our students are where they need to be and everybody's safe I am the director of operations at horse ability so I um schedule programming oversee day-to-day operations and make sure that everything is safe and sound for all of our Riders and our horses the work that you all do is gratifying isn't it yes indeed it's heartwarming I was almost crying just a moment ago when I I saw them all win so it's great to see kin win her Trophy and her years of dedication it it's very moving isn't it well it is it just shows you what perseverance can do I mean when dedication and your heart's in something you could accomplish anything and she proved that today so we're very proud of her working for this great organization horse ability uh you give a lot of Hope to people don't you absolutely um the kids get so much from the horses and vice versa the horses know that they're going out there and they're doing a great thing so it's really a great um program that we have it's really wonderful that you know through these horses they're able to accomplish a lot that they wouldn't be able to regularly and here we are Hampton classic K get any more fancier than this and and to win a trophy and win Awards here a continued success with all you do I know we see you once a year here at the Hampton classic but yours is a 12 month uh 24-hour a day program how could yes it is I'm sorry I had to remind you I know tell us for our viewers who want to uh participate contribute be part of horse ability uh could you give us a website and information absolutely Jamie sure um horse ability website is www.or ability.org um and you can find out more information there about um the programming that we offer how to become involved whether it be um for a riter a participant a volunteer um donations uh horse donations we take those too so um there's lots of ways that you can get involved with horseability and if I could just take a moment to remind everybody that I know economic times are tough but horse ability could use every dollar that you could send so we would be internally grateful for anything that you could contribute thank you in advance next number 1994 this is rightor York [Applause] what for next show number 1987 I'm more than wor there you've done this before I think huh no my first time really congratulations great job congratulations how does it feel to be number one a so great it's so I love and I give most of my thanks to Deb and to Rachel for helping me and Deb is the Deb is the best pony in the whole world excellent and we have Kevin ell from bridge National Bank and he presented you with the award so how does this how does this make you feel right now congratulations you look so happy looks like you've won money Awards how good you would did today so congratulations and you look like you're one of the youngest Riders out here so that's pretty incredible is that exciting for you that's really exciting I'm so happy well we hope to see you in the future and you win many more congratulations Place award one of the important people that helps make this program work is Tina Roco of the Lazard program and here we are at horse ability this has been some day for you hasn't it it's been amazing it's been so great to see all of the Riders compete here at the finals they've worked so hard all year and it's really nice to see that they were able to qualify and some of them really took home some big Championship Awards today which is very exciting we talk about the Lazard program and what you do for um for that group absolutely the Start program was created four years ago um it was created by horse ability and several supporters of horse ability and the program was created to provide competition opportunities on Long Island for riders with disabilities um the show series offers as we saw today a leader sidewalker division um for Riders who require the use of a leader or sidewalker or both um as well as a beginner independent division which is what's wrapping up now and then an advanced independent division um the advanced independent division is run almost identical to um a typical equitation class and a rated Horse Show for our viewers who are interested in knowing more about horseability uh how can they contact you how can they contact the organization um horseability has a website it's www.or ability.org and if you're interested in the Lazard program right on the website there is a tab where you can get more information on Lazard um and horseability offer also offers a um great deal of other programming um including therapeutic riding hippotherapy and a summer DeCamp so um we'd love it if anybody would like to inquire or become involved thank you tin and thank you to everyone hor ability Lazard program and all the proud parents and all of these great participant and horse ability uh we love carrying this on wbbh in addition to all of our Hampton classic coverage uh thank you this has been a wonderful day thank you and thanks for all your support today and all the coverage you gave to our biters this day would actually not be possible without our gracious volunteers for horse ability can you tell us a little bit about what you guys actually do for horse ability well actually our trainer owns a couple of the horses that are used today in the Hampton classic so we get some of the horses ready and we load them up and then we take care of them we get them all ready and we lead them for the kids that are riding them so this is a big process do you have to wake up real early in the morning yeah we woke up at like 4:00 today that's a lot so can you tell me what you do in this organization as well well what we do is we either lead the horse or sidewalk and we also try to keep the rider into the competition and keep their confidence up on what place they get or just anything and keep them safe and secure in this whole competition so does this you know help your emotional side as well well I think it builds confidence in them and also in ourselves because we know we're making a difference in someone's life that's an excellent thing and also what's your favorite thing about horse ability well I like how it gets to like give them New Opportunities like the girl who won first place I was really proud of her and I got a little emotional cuz it was really nice it was a good feeling and do all of you have a favorite horse yeah which one I like Teddy I love all of our horses I like Malone I like Malone too all right excellent well thank you so much for joining us we love horse ability oh

  Top Comments:
  1. @martin7x7: Saludos desde Argentina y los invitamos a ver nuestro video en Comunidad Terapeutica Belen de Escobar y vivistar nuestra web fundacinbelen org.ar
  2. @VVHTV: Thank you for the many letters, emails and phone calls to the station about this broadcast.
This program represents only a small sampling of the wonderful individuals and their families participating in these programs throughout Long Island. VVH-TV is proud to bring their story to TV. We encourage our viewers to offer their support so that the good works of the Long Island Horse Show Series for Riders With Disabilities many continue in bringing joy to an ever increasing number of young people.
  3. @mradzat: Congratulations Coryn.  You are an inspiration!

- Horseback riders with disabilities compete at Chagrin Hunter Jumper Classic: Kind: captions Language: en Adri started 2014 at the Writing Center and she just had a lot of she was pretty weak in her course she was very inward-facing no one could really hear her when she spoke and she could only do what did she hurts at the time and so we thought he would be great for her and over just four years now she's trying and posting with a nice upright posture she talks to everyone she talks to face full sentences and she just loves it she loves to ride on Thursdays she loves her friends her horses to tea and she also rides a variety of other horses she just so did you ride some horses today what was that like a little bumpy is it fun is it scary what was it like No

  Top Comments:
  1. @JesusKathrynMiller: ✝️🔯😇🐑🕊️👽🧄💡🌏🪐🌠🌍🪐🌠🌎🪐🌠Holy Psalm91 Jesus and Kathryn Miller say Thankyou for sharing ✝️🤍✝️🤍✝️🦅🇺🇸🍀🍀🍀

- #DriveDefinesHer: Lauren Guerrieri: Kind: captions Language: en foreign character is really important and your values when life those challenges your way it's your character and your values that keep you in line with who you truly are [Music] hi my name is Lauren guerreri I am the owner of gold sky sport horses Gold Sky is an equestrian company what we do there is we train horses and Riders and try to bring them to the highest level of the sport I started writing from a young age I think it's been in my blood my mom wrote when she was a kid she didn't come from a lot of money but she would go and they had horses on the property down in Homestead Florida and she'd go and ride with no saddle no Bridal nothing but I think it's been in my blood for a long time I think I pushed my mom to get me riding lessons and starting as a kid at the very beginning not knowing a thing and immediately having a competitive spirit and wanting to keep pushing forward keep getting better even as a kid I love seeing women be there for one another they're trying to be an example for those younger women that are in my life I wouldn't be the woman that I am today if it weren't for the women that had been there for me values because when life there's challenges your way it's your character and your values that keep you in line with who you truly are what drives me in my life would be my faith everything I have to this day has been a blessing and something that I did not earn I was something that was given to me by my heavenly father our show season for the horse world or the equestrian community and the hunter jumper world really especially here in South Florida the sole focus is the winter equestrian Festival when that comes up starting in the end of December all the way until the end of April it's like go time that's kind of where you need to be ready and you need to have your horses prepared for the next show season the summer time we try to take a little bit of a break and that's where I'll focus on training the horses and the Riders and getting them ready there's a couple local shows we'll do weft season that's where we try to go and show off all the hard work we put into the horses and the Riders during the year

  Top Comments:
  1. @panosa963: What a beautiful presentation. Wishing you both much success. Congratulations to Champion Porsche for the sponsorship! Much deserved. Bravo 👏

- MOTORCYCLE RIDER ROAD SAFETY ON SOCIAL MEDIA, IS IT EVEN A THING ANYMORE 🤔: Kind: captions Language: en Now, another day done. Welcome back to the channel. Get me gloves on. It's been a long day. Another beautiful day in sunny Queensland. Nice blue skies and nice and cool. We're on our way to winter shortly by the looks of it. Instead of uh mid to high 30° C temps, now we've got um mid 20° C temps. So, it's actually getting pretty good motorcycle riding weather. Not too hot. You're not sweating on the bike. This video is going to be a little bit different. Uh it's going to be a bit of a safety ride home video. There's my bike. I've actually got two, but that's my 2006 ZX14 or ZZR1400. Actually, it's not the 14R model. It's the ZX14. No R in it cuz this is the 1352cc motor. It's not the 1441 of the second gen, which is the ZX14R. It's nice and warmed up. Yeah, we'll just talk a little bit on the ride home. Bit of a chat. Talk about probably safety issues. See a lot of accidents happening lately, especially in this state here. A lot of deaths from motorcycle accidents which could have been prevented some of them. Uh, check. No one coming. Nope. Out we go. Jeez, it's a nice day. Look at that. I've been undercover inside a building all day, so I didn't know what was going on out here. So, when I come out Yeah, it's just a really nice day. Really nice motorcycle riding weather. Little bit of an awkward bump here when you leave. Always be careful here when I leave because there's always dust on the road here. A lot of um construction work going on down the road here. So, we get a few gravel truck few sorry a few gravel trucks coming down through here and um dropping a bit of dirt. Plus, there's a lot of side roads coming in and out on this road here, this main road. So you got to be real careful here cuz a lot of people don't tend to give way especially at this street right here now where they're doing a fair bit of construction work in there building a new business going in there. Same with the car washing just going past now that tend not to give way when they leave the driveways there. It's a bit strange but just seems to be the norm these days. This is an attack car or cars video. I know motorcyclists do the wrong thing. There's a hell of a lot of videos on with motorcyclist doing the wrong thing, but this is mainly about um motorcycles and their interaction with cars on the road seems to be a bit of an issue or it's getting worse as populations grow. But we've already had a lot of motorcycle fatalities and we're not even halfway through the year yet just in this um state. And I'm not saying Australiawide. I'm just saying Queensland. This is a relatively new road only been operating for probably the last couple of years, 3 years maybe backs. Building a brand new hospital down there. So that tends to be taking a long time. Then we come on a bit of a straight stretch here. This little straight stretch here is an absolutely beautiful bit of road. Bit of bumen. Yeah, it's real nice. Bush one side all open ground. I think they're going to build houses eventually on the other side. So you got to be really kangaroo aware riding down through here as well. Kangaroos cross here pretty on a regular basis. So you have to be careful. Not much wind. It's pretty good today actually. Like I said, it's good riding weather. Going past the school. It's one of the big private schools here. It's a Catholic private school. We've got a Protestant and a Catholic private school here. I think Anglican. I'm not sure if that's classed as Protestant, but yeah, that one's Catholic and the other one's a Protestant. Um, well, I'd call it Protestant school, but anyway, but that's irrelevant. Right, first roundabout or second roundabout, actually. Or was that third? It's one of the other. Lost count. Round we go. Bit close. Bit wide. Bit wide. Pull it back in. Not watching what I'm doing. I was fixated on something else. Another roundabout. Come in, hug it. Close, close, close, and back out. Drive back out of it. Oh yeah, perfect. No drama at all. This is 60 zone through here. Um bush one side, open the other. They're going to build they're already building houses in there, but um a lot of kangaroos cross here as well. I'm really wary of that. I've had kangaroos, well I haven't had a close call, but I've had kangaroos hop in a distance in front of me. And I thought, well, I was going a bit faster. I might have been a bit closer to where they were. The last thing I want to do is hit one of them cuz they're big enough to knock you off the bike. Well, and truly big enough to knock you off the bike. So this is all industrial hub down through here. Got to be Yeah. Got to watch trucks coming in and out. There's a big truck depot along here. So trucks coming in and out. Motorcyclist or scooter. Moped. I was trying. Yeah. Moped. I call them scooters. Going past the drinks factory. a brand new big business, big drinks factory all through here now. They make ginger beer in there. So that's been operation for the last, I think, couple of years. They built it. Coming onto the main road. Make sure nothing's coming. Nope. On we go. Might get up it a bit here. Not too hard. Beautiful. I'm just roll the throttle on. I'm not twisting the throttle back to the stop. Come along here. We got a railway bridge. We go over. And this road's going up over the railway bridge. Good view up around here of what's going on around. Opens up. Yeah, look. Nice little view. It's all nice and flat ground. Plenty of visibility. Big water storage there all through this town. There's big water storage like that everywhere. Millions and millions of lers of um or gallons of water. So coming up to the satellites, red light. I usually try and ride a bit center. People say don't ride center, but come here. Might be a bit of oil on the ground. You can see spots of oil everywhere. Yeah, I'll go. Yeah, see it there. Yeah, look, spots of oil. So, I try and stay over a little bit off it when I take off. It's not a bad road just here. Up further, it turns into absolute crap. Just a shitty road. Just on a uh probably a section that's about a kilometer long. It just turns to absolute [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] potholes and rough and broken up and stretch the legs a bit on the 14. Still just rolling the throttle on. I'm not pushing too hard. Yeah, goes here. See, you can see the road surface is absolutely [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] So, you got to be really careful through here. There's good visibility everywhere. There's a couple of side roads that run off and come onto this. So, you got to be careful. This is all farms around here. And the farmers are a little bit lazy when it comes to giving way or stopping. Sometimes they tend not to judge the speed of the motorbike. Even when you're doing the speed limit, you're just cruising along. They tend not to judge the speed and decide to pull out with probably little or no notice. So, like I said, I'm a a I class myself as a rider aware rider. Um, it's just a term that I've come up with and it is you look at cars and you just judge what you think the person in the car is going to do. It doesn't stress you out or anything. You just you're just anticipating whether you think the car is going to um pull out on you or he's going to give way or stop like they're supposed to. I'm always aware. I'm aware when there's a couple of cars following each other that make sure the car behind is not going to decide to do a big overtake and you're oncoming. So, I'm aware of all that. Always watch them. See what they're doing. Keep an eye on them cuz a lot of the time they don't even use their blinkers when they're going to overtake. So, the headlights on your motorcycle are on all the time now. All 2006. This one is same as me ZX12R. It's 2003. Headlights are on. as soon as you turn the key. Same with the old GS6RS 1100s when I had them and 750s the same. The headlights are on. So, that's a good safety. I'll put lead lights on this. I haven't put lead lights on my ZX12R yet, but um that's coming. I'll do that shortly. But yeah, put lead lights on. Better visibility, nice white light. Cars can see it easy. So, whatever you can do to make you a safer rider and enjoy riding, that's what you should be doing. That's how I look at it now. So, I've got a term coming up here. I was actually going to go straight ahead, but now I'll head home. These lights here are the longest lights in in history. They seem to take forever to change. So, I'll be sitting here for a while, unfortunately. Few cars on the road. Not too bad. This is where I live as a regional area. It's not It's regional rural as a motorcyclist. They didn't wave, but anyway, who cares really? I usually wave to all of them, but yeah, different rider each to their own, eh? But yeah, we're regional rural here or farms here. I think we got a population of 100,000 here. So, we're not too big, not too small. It's good. Plenty of motorcycle riding around here. Just absolutely beautiful riding. If you just want to go out for a ride, there's some great places to go for a ride out here. Not too much traffic. It It's good. It's not like riding in the a capital city where you got hund literally thousands upon thousands of cars to deal with. This isn't too bad. Not too bad at all. Come on. Change. It's taking forever this thing. Come on. God. Jeez. It's slow, isn't it? Absolutely slow. H they got the turning cars. So I should be next. I should get the green light next. I think they get the arrow and then after the arrow it goes green. Be on our way. Come on. Hurry up. Right off we go. Who in the comments owns a ZX14 or a ZX14R or a ZX12R? Yeah, comment if you've got got one of the bikes. I like the older style bikes. I think 2003 I absolutely love the ZX 12R. I I really wanted a 14. I was after a Gen 2, but it just didn't happen. and this Gen One come up for sale locally. I was looking at a Gen two down in Brisbane and it just didn't happen. Um, I was keen to buy it. The owner was causing a few dramas cuz I had to go down and pick it up and bring it back. So, I was actually going to fly down. Um, I was hoping for him to pick me up and then I look at the bike. I was going to go to the bank, pay him, and then I was going to ride it back. but he was just he was just being real difficult about the whole thing. So I thought something's not right here with it. Um so this come up I pulled out of the deal. I didn't put a deposit down or anything. I was almost going to but I pulled out of the deal and um this one came up for sale here and I ended up buying this off a local guy. Um, after I bought it, I put a fair bit of a few dollars into it. Um, front and rear suspension. Did it all myself. yeah, I did a few other things to it just to make it a better ride. Got a new chain of sprockets I got to put on it. I'll do that shortly. I've already got the chain of sprockets been sitting on the on the shelf for a while now. So, that'll be the next project on for this bike. Right. Back into the road home. Be careful up here. There's a corner up here that's a bit tricky, but there's a it's like a T-section on a corner. See this car here? So, watch them. Watch I back the speed off a little bit. Yeah, that's that's basically being right aware because a lot of the times the cars pull out of there without given way. So, I'm I'm being ready just in case to hit the brakes or do evasive action. And this section just coming up here is a T section. This is really dangerous. So, it's good to slow down here. Slow down a little bit. Just watch. Yep. There's no cars coming, so I was fine with that. I actually come along there one day and a guy in a plumbers's truck with a big trailer pulled out in front of me. But I was I'd already slowed down to 40ks cuz I knew he wasn't going to give way. And the guy was dead set looking straight at me. He just didn't care. That's one of my big opinions now. They just don't care. So, if you're aware as a motorcyclist that this can happen, um, lot safer ride for you. Anyway, this is my street, so I'm ending the video. Bye.

- Guess the rider by their AI description 🖥️😂 | 2025 Qatar GP MotoGP™ Social: Kind: captions Language: en Time now for motor GP social. This one is another guest the rider challenge guys but with a slight difference because we have asked AI artificial intelligence to describe five mother GP riders. You have to guess uh who it is that AI describes. So the first rider, this is number one. He's a rider known for his aggressive racing style and exceptional talent. Right after his debut, he quickly became one of the sport's most dominant figures with a reputation for daring maneuvers and quick adaptability. He rides on the edge, particularly in breaking zones, using his extraordinary balance and instinct to control the bike in extreme conditions or extreme situations. Who was AI talking about there? Have we all got an answer? Yeah. Alex, you're the world championship leader. So, we'll start with you. Who do you think that's what that was? You think it was 93? I think. What about Mark? Me. Echo, you thought that was Mark Marquez. And Jorge, you thought that was Mark Marquez as well. Of course, it could only be number 93. Okay. Who is this uh rider in question? He's known he's known for his smooth yet aggressive riding style, earning a reputation for handling challening conditions and making bold moves on the track. He quickly rose through the ranks, impressing with his consistency and speed. His standout performances in the top class of racing and made him one of these sports most formidable competitors. One second. It's about grid ever or the grid. It's about this current grid. Yeah, this is about somebody on this grid. Could be somebody again in this room. Who knows? But it's somebody on the 2025 mp grid. So, who do we think AI is talking about here? What does it mean? Bold uh brave. The first one was I would like to say to write Mark again. What I can tell you is they're not all 93. The first one was relatively easy because we all got very quick answers on that one. So Pek, we're going to have to push you because I think the other three have got answers. We'll just wait for him to write his answer. Okay, Alex, we'll start with you again. He's gone for PCO banya. Mark went for PCO. I went for Jack. Why did you go for Miller? Yeah, for the challenging conditions. Smooth. Yeah. Yeah. Sometimes. Sometimes. And PCO, you went for Why did you go for yourself on this one? Smooth. Smooth. No. Smooth. Yeah. Maybe better. Well, the answer is of course it is. Yeah, it is. Poco Bang. Well done. So, I don't start in the best way. I would like to speak with Lei more because he's giving a lot of awareness. No. Number three. Okay. Who is AI talking about here? He's known for his consistent performances and adaptability, gradually making his mark in the premier class while riding for different teams. His riding style is characterized by smooth, controlled movements and a strong focus on consistency. He's often praised for his steady and reliable performance throughout a season. He avoids unnecessary risks and focuses on gathering points and maintaining a strong presence in races. Mark's gone very very quick with his answer. That's made Alex laugh. Horge has gone for himself. Copy. What's that? Who's that? He gone for Marini and Alex has. Alex, why do you think that's you? He just copy Mark. Okay, Mark. Why do you think that's Alex? for the teams, different teams. He went already in a three different teams. Focus. I mean, always try to minimum the risk, but always consistent. So, yeah, he's my brother. Sure. I like his I know better than you than I Oh, you thought that was yourself? I didn't I didn't read the different teams, but the rest I feel is me also. Could be you. I mean, I'm really present. So, okay. Because he's always finishing every day. Well, let's see what the answer was. The answer was of course it was Alex Marquez. Yeah, Mark you know him very very well better than the machine. My brother number four. Just a couple more to go. Who is number four talking about? He's known for his calm and composed demeanor and he started gaining recognition during his years in the lower classes. His ability to maintain a consistent pace, especially in long races, and his strong technical approach often allows him to maximize his bike's potential throughout different track conditions. Due to both his speed and resilience, he can easily adapt to different challenges. So, who do we think that one is? Have we got any idea? Mark's just basing his judgment on the fact that H is only one that's left in this room that's I don't know resilience I don't know I will wait I will wait I have no answer for PCO studying this one very very hard I'm not done so we've got some uh different answers here you're not going to answer I don't know I have no answer for we give Petco we'll give you 20 more seconds to really study this one and see if you can work out who it is. So, Mark went for Martin. Alex has gone for Ayura. Ayura is what Jorge has answered as well. So, we're just waiting for Pekco now. Come on, Pekko. We need an answer or are we not sure on this one? Ah, I know who. I can change. You can change. Yeah, we'll let you change while we're waiting. Alex, I hope you get this right now. You're changing. races technical approach. I go with the easy idea. He's gone for a bastion nin now. Well, we're going to find out shortly. So, we've got two for the beast 2022 Katar Grand Prix, one for Ho and one for Ayura. The correct answer is Frankie Morbidelli. K. Yeah, the car. You need to know. Yeah, Frankie is going to be upset with you tonight. That's for sure. Peko, just one more to go then. Who is AI talking about here? He is a rider known for his fearless racing style and impressive overtaking skills as he combines aggressiveness with technical precision. His smoothness in cornering, late braking, and throttle control along with a blend of adaptability and natural talent has quickly established him as one of the most exciting prospects in the sport. Who is AI talking about there? Wildness. Mark's gone for Hoy Martin, the reigning world champion. Martinator is on Alex's board. We have got a combination of two answers here. We've got Hoy Martin or Pedro Aosta from Petco. Or who do you think that is? I don't know this game. I don't like this game. It's really difficult. I mean, yeah. Can be a lot of riders because it's fearless is more by Aosta. No. Yeah, maybe. Smoothness is more by or I'd say all you guys are pretty fair. Smoothness in cornering. So who are you gonna give? I go for me in case I go I go for me. You've gone for yourself. And the answer was of course the 2024 world champion Hoy Martin. Guys, if you can just sign your boards. Thank you very much.

  Top Comments:
  1. @NoLuckJKMY807 [6 likes]: For me with the exception of Marc, all other riders' descriptions by the AI are inaccurate in varying degree, especially Morbidelli (yeah, tbh I can't describe him well too, other than he is an Italian of Brazilian heritage and those Morbius jokes that never gets old).
  2. @SmitersMC [3 likes]: Trio Spain vs solo Italia 😂😂
  3. @eclipsuj [2 likes]: do one with the other drivers
  4. @choironashari4491 [2 likes]: Me : Hi AI, pls descript MotoGP Rider Pedro Acosta?

AI : Who??
  5. @lakon2514 [2 likes]: Martin selamat datang kembali.....
  6. @Shahab-o8k [1 likes]: 😮😂😮😂
  7. @LAJAP [1 likes]: Another episode from season 1 of the "AI normalization" series.
  8. @reksafitrananda7704 [1 likes]: why use the thumbnail like that haha
  9. @silviasandiyudha1216: Martin just like a kids here. Less respect to lol
  10. @MCFoultier: Nr 1 is marquez 
Nr 2 is Jorge Lorenzo
Nr 3 is strange 
Nr 4 is Dovi
Nr 5 is Casey Stoner
  11. @LilianaMillan-o9q: JASON STARKEY 19 FEBRERO 1968
  12. @Asbudyouet2734Anakdajjal: Ayo pusing93 blacky bettel team vr46 ✌😁🛌🦌👶🐐 dead goad and kid goad
  13. @andyvasist418: I thought the thumbnail meant Riders vs Ogura 😂
  14. @sumitbainola: Ai is generic those descriptions can be many riders except Marc's.
  15. @SaadKidwai: Hahaha loved it
  16. @Coupe-gf7sc: Please don't encourage "AI" fraud 🙂It's not "AI", meaningless buzzword.
  17. @doomizz: is that the type of content that is replacing our precious tech talks ? ....
  18. @myandroidXia: Veda Pratama dan Ramadhipa Red Bull Rookies Cup Aragon Test 2025
https://youtu.be/M6e-U-fIcbU?si=_5BhX63_YzkdfRM7
  19. @wyllfagundes6187: capiotn ? cadê a inclusão ? nem todos falam inglês
  20. @Romoto131: Fuck ai. This is the best Liberty media can come up with??

- Modern Legends Of Social Media | The Great Khali: Kind: captions Language: en In this country, after Indian Superman (when you don't know how to dance but are forced to) Indian Spiderman (so realistic) and Indian Batman what we needed was to invoke fear Then came...The Indian... Joker (a joke) (a joker in all sense of the word) This-? We had asked for fear. This looks as if the kid got upset over not getting a toy in his Happy Meal (xD) ~Mom I want a toy~ (that's what happens when you snap your neck harder than Thanos' fingers) Yeah I make the same face When the ball hits the wrong point (lmfao true xD) Dude the jaw is paining more than the jewels (xD) Yeah I needed a massage. "Which massage do you want sir? We-" For the jaw. After losing it down there found a Tik Tok career (lol) Maturity is when you realize winner winner chicken dinner is not a real success (omg no SHIT SHERLOCK) Yeah! This line would look amazing written behind an autorickshaw With credits. "What is your last wish?" "First get me a hairdryer." "I need to make spikes." (and stab myself with it) Are you going to meet God or Karan Johar? (lol true) "I need to make spikes." He wants to even die in style. (i mean fashionably late. get it? late?) Then, some people have a broom on their head. "Excuse me" "Me?" Someone dip his head in Nerolac paints for painting the entire house (LMFAO) That way at least we can use this... ...building (exactly lol) A variety of excellent talents are blooming! Where someone is using their face to ruin moods... ...and foods. What a nice cake! Here's a knife- (she just did not-) (when you are sleepy and hungry at the same time) (something very wrong is happening. poor cake) Hey doggo, please you make her your pet. She is the one who needs to be controlled and put on a leash. No one has to smash cake on their faces on birthdays. They themselves do the honours. (what a monster. rest in piece cake) The cake has been cut! Please have it kids! (nah I'm good) No aunty. I got diabetes just now. One vada pav.(indian snacc) I need only one. (um one as in ONE UNIT. Not kilo) Dude one, uno, solo, one vada pav. Is she deaf? Idiot. (food and appetite? Ruined. Hotel? Trivago.) Hello, ambulance? This girl has... How do I explain? Pav-muh(face)-monia If you're done then please give me the pav at the bottom please. Poor girl's parents weren't able to give her a pillow (:( ) If you really wish to stick your nose somewhere for a living then do it in stock which is the highest rated trading app on Play Store and over a million people have downloaded it. Thank god such useful apps are being downloaded as well. Otherwise all was about Hago(=shit), Muto(=pee) This is available in both English and Hindi. Even Demat is free. So you can easily make an account on this and start trading. Now in this fake world where thanks to photoshop people are inflating god knows what A 10 kg body with a 60 kg behind (the base is strong) But there is one guy who, by operating MS Paint at Cyber cafe has taught the world what style is. This guy is such a legend that 36 photos make his one photo. (the time people have) So his followers sometimes receive a photo of his chest hair sometimes dried up elbow, and sometimes...Madhya (=middle) Pradesh (LMFAO) This guy is still completing his write name 100 times' homework from Nursery class. *scary chants of his name Azfar* (*moves away from this ritual*) So this is how you promote yourself. Even after this if someone said Sally Point or Salt Point the complaint will go straight to Azfar brother He kills with his looks. Yeah what do you think only robots can do this? fan made out of Azfars Azfar's army everyone has the name on them (manufacturing process lol) In case you hadn't seen it yet (:P) Inside Azfar there's a heart inside which is Azfar inside which is Azfar Azfar-ception (LMAO FOR RIGHT) Even his shit has Azfar labelled on it. (lmfao i don't doubt) I have seen it. (um why) Madness in love. (very dangerous) (I certainly don't) Oh disagreeing with this Raymond the complete man will be a sin sir. (fr) Now get Azfar in 100 different colors! (lol what is wrong with this guy) This person is in his own world. Just like Khali. Who although learnt how to stop a recording but now what he is doing on social media... You guys only tell because we haven't deciphered it since last year Like the way in which we admire ourselves in mirror he does that on Tik Tok. Either he has seen his face for the first time today or he has discovered the front camera today (lol same) Mmm hmmm blushing (😏😏) You feel like kissing yourself now right? Half of the time he doesn't say anything and rest of the time nothing is audible (:) ) Nothing is audible. No...voice...reaching... "No matter how much anyone wishes bad for you then what happens?" Please make a decision. You want us to hear your words or these crappy dialogues? He also shows us unique places like vloggers. For example the highway. Someone give him a mic please. Oh the music has stopped. Now you can speak. Go ahead. Don't say anything. I'm an idiot that I want to hear the person in front of me speak. Now dude... Get it? (Yep. Got the message loud and clear) Where the entire world is busy faking it all he is also showing his failures Did you lift the car? Still he put the video up. (claps) People attempt to do a wheelie. His bike got stuck, so he uploaded that only. Sir, sir, you'll surely learn till Dhoom 10 (lol) Don't worry. Papa, papa, please take me to a swing AAAAAHHH YOU JUST MAKE ANYTHING A SWING FOR WORKOUT! (LMFAO) His main content itself are Behind the scenes and bloopers Made a video recording accidentally in place of photo uploaded that as well. Because if something is left behind in the gallery then the phone would have probably become stale and mouldy. Throwing all the trash from gallery into a dustbin named Tik Tok is necessary. ~We wish you a merry Christmas~ Sir if you don't feel like then don't wish no. *battery down* (lmao) Is someone standing with a gun behind the camera? Tell me your last wish! Dude not this wish! Sir you turned the kid into a teabag! Passengers please fasten your seatbelts we are ready for takeoff.(lmao) (SKSKSKS I BELIEVE I CAN FLY) Apart from wrestling sir has other talents as well. Oh how did you do that bro! Please teach us! (plzz) "It's a life hack friends" Parking is not allowed here. Someone tow the car away. "No one even lets me show the talents properly" "Please punch me once. Just once lightly." (😒) People don't call her mad just like that (fr) But guys we've had enough fun now. "Diwali over now. Now come back again" So where people think all the time about what to post, what to upload he just posts anything to run his social media (:) ) So don't overthink. And become like Khali. (life advice) Just don't smash your face into food items please. "Work" So that is it for today guys Download the app. The link is in the description. And if you enjoyed the video then please do like it. Don't forget to subscribe. And Abhyudaya is about to give you some crappy message So listen to it. A lot of you guys haven't been following us on Instagram It has a lot of videos that we don't put up on YouTube Go and follow it @slayypoint and you can also follow us on Twitter even on Facebook...but Facebook you guys only decide. (lol) And we'll see you guys in the next one! (toodles) because unless I speak this sentence you guys won't let me go (coz we love you :) )

  Top Comments:
  1. @SlayyPointOfficial [7800 likes]: Check out our social media:
Instagram- @slayypoint - https://bit.ly/2xTbBrv
Twitter- @slayypoint -  https://bit.ly/2xStvuv
Facebook- https://bit.ly/2OV2oqf

Gautami's Instagram and twitter- @gautamikawale
Abhyudaya's Instagram- @abhyudaya_mohan Twitter- @AbhyudayaMohan
  2. @kirtikumarbuttepatil [17 likes]: Anyone in 2026...-->
  3. @anishasarangi8041 [2 likes]: 5:29 slayy point did this new trend years back 😮😂
  4. @KrishMangla1980 [1 likes]: Abhyudaya and gautami favourite word is (halwa)😂😂😂😂
  5. @riajuddin515: Bro 6y ago wtf😥
  6. @deepghule7641: Silly point main aapko bahut bada fan hun aapke funny video dekhkar main bahut hansta hun
  7. @Omkar_Ballal_Cha_Nilkanth: Now Rizxstar Can't make this iconic Joker face
His Said This things in Thugesh's Video ❤❤
  8. @monalishanaik3238: 2:00 6:57 3:01 i wonder what will happen to my comment
  9. @abbasjutt3556: Come Pakistan
  10. @AmeenaNajwa-w2w: Azfar bhai🤣🤣😭
  11. @Reyon-Ghosh: Miss you danish zehen 😢
  12. @beautifullife7935: 3:40 abudhabi stop it get some help
  13. @lifewithRishu23: Big fan salley point
  14. @ummulaarifeen: 0:00 welcome to timeline
  15. @Yazursarma: 6:02 hehe mere farak nahi padta😂😂
  16. @NafisaNaveed-b5x: Salt point
  17. @tirthamukherjee7630: Chup
  18. @Parth_gaming_icon: Madhya Pradesh ka majak nahin
  19. @PocketGamer-t2b: Salt Point 😂😂😂😂😂😂 Sorry
  20. @NamanChaudhary-z9c: Who is here after thugesh video of rizwan 😊

- Social Media Bill In Nepal | Motorcycle Maintenance Tips | Mid Hill Rider | BolnaDeSarkhar: Kind: captions Language: en speech ] forign speech ] [ fore interesting [Music] what's up family it's and welcome back to my channel after a long of time Maxim fore speech spech for forch for speech ] [ spee speech ] forch foreign speech ] speech fore IGN forch ] forign speech ] fore fore speech ] fore fore speech ] foreign speee speech speech ] fore speech ] foree speech ] [ foreign speech ] foree [ foreign speech ] for foreign speech ] speech speech fore forign spee spe speech ] [ for speech ] forign speech speech [ fore speech spee for speech ] foreign spech ] 57,000 spech spee foreign speech [ for spee spe forign speech ] foreign speech ] forch motorcycle speech for fore speech for speech IGN speech IGN speech [ foreign speech ] foreign speech for speech for speech ] speech IGN speech ] for hours later [ spech ] fore speech speech ] for speech forch [ foree foreign speech ] forign foreign speech ] forign speech ] speech speech forign foree speech ] fore speech ] foreign fore for speech [ for [ for speech ] [ foreign speech speech ] foreign [ ] ] forign spech fore speech [ fore speech ] spech fore speech forign fore [ foreign spe speech IGN speech ] forch for spech speech fore [ fore speech ] for speech ] foreign speech for speech fore speech waiting chargee speech fore forign spech forign speech [ forign speech ] for speech ] forch speech ] fore [ spech IGN [ foreign speech ] speech speech ] speech for spee ] for spee foreign speech [ speech for speech IGN speech ] forign speech [ foreign speech [Laughter] guys IGN speech IGN speech [ foreign foreign speech ] fore spech for speech for speech ] [ speech ] for speech ] for spech ] foree speech ] foreign foreign speech ] for speech foreign spech speech ] fore speech ] [ fore speech ] fore speech [ forign speech ] fore speech ] speech speech forign speech ] foreign speech for speech foree speech speeech ] forign spe speech speech [ foreign speech speech speech ] IGN speech ] speech ] fore speech ] for speech ] as you can seech spech spech spech ] forch IGN speech ] fore speech spech spech foreign speech ] speech ] for spech ] spech speech ] foreign for speech ] foreign forign speech spech [ fore speech ] for speech ] spech Fore speech foreign spech speech forign spee speech fore spech foree guys thank you for watching see you in next vog bye for speech ] forign speech ] foree speech ] [ foreign speech ] fore speech speech ] for speech ] forign spee again nice man wow yeah

  Top Comments:
  1. @ur_resham: Social Media bill 😔 budh harule North Korea banaune bhaye ...
  2. @mindshiftbasudevdhir944: ❤❤❤❤❤
  3. @Shreeskrishnashreesvlogs: Keep going dai

- A Day In The Life Of Show Jumper Lillie Keenan: Kind: captions Language: en My name is Lillie Keenan and I am part of the team Stockholm Hearts on the Longines Global Champions Tour. I will wake up pretty early, try to drag myself out of bed. I hate the morning. I love it once I'm awake. But the process of getting up early is still hard for me. Usually around six or seven we get to ride in the ring, which is really nice for the horses to familiarize with the arena. So they're relaxed. To give them a chance to really decompress in the arena. After I try to head back to the hotel and get some rest, take time to just sit down with a book. And even if it's just a couple of pages to do something to really escape from my own head. Mystery novels would be my favorite. I love like crime and drama and the really stereotypical romance novel. I love them and I have no shame about that. After I get in, however long to relax and maybe a little nap and some movement, I like to always have a plan of what time I'll be back. Typically. It sounds bad, but when I'm under a little bit of time pressure, I tend to perform my best. So I don't like to come back to the show too early. I don't like to have to sit around. So now I'm going to go ride in the team class. Lillie Keenan on home soil. Of course, this young American talent jumps. Oh, no, in the last has gone as well. The Global Champions League fence I started dating Darragh at the beginning of the year. Relationship with someone who truly understands what you go through and then we can help each other. Like I watch every time he jumps and he watches me. We might be on different teams, but individually we can always help each other. It's something that's unique and in our sport is that it in many ways is so individual, but really a lot of the riders try to help each other no matter what. We always would try to be the winner. When you're on your horse and you're in the ring, you have to do the absolute best for yourself. But I think we both so passionately feel that way and are so driven that one of us could win and the other one could have not a great day. And we still have something that we can celebrate or work on together. One of the horses I jump on the tour. Queensland E Darragh actually found for me. He still helps me with him. He sometimes will get on him at home maybe before we come to a show. So like here he got on him in Europe before we flew over and he always says that he's the one that can really school them and make them listen. And then the horse can love me because I'm nicer to him. But we always try to review our rounds and we want the best for each other. So here it's actually really nice because we get to spend time with my family and usually it's his family that's at the show. So that's a nice change. Yeah. So I'll be able to spend some time with them watching the classes and hopefully celebrating some good results. But it's cool for them to be able to actually see why I'm never home and spend some quality time with their biggest supporters. And for me, my family who got to come to watch. So now I'm going to go ride Queensland and be jumping in the Grand Prix. So my mother taught me that you should always make sure that you're turned out as a winner, otherwise you can't expect to win. So that's something that's really important to me. With Queensland E. It's our good friend Johnny Pals, it's his birthday. So we are after the show going to go back, get changed and then head to a pretty famous sushi place called Bond Street for his birthday. We have a really nice group of friends that go to all these different shows and are from different places in the world. You could be friends with people from places that if we didn't show jump, would have never been in our lives. So it's really nice to be able to to share this with them. And I get to show the other riders my home.

  Top Comments:
  1. @hovomarxoyan3959 [3 likes]: Bravoo 👏💪💪🎠🤝🇦🇲
  2. @RosieMatthew4: Yucky draw reins!! Draw reins should only be used by experienced riders... and experienced riders never need to use them.
  3. @izzyr3231: and half the interview is about a man, great

- Hunter Jumper Awards: Kind: captions Language: en outstanding horse riders are being rewarded for their hard work in training their horses today the hub city hunter/jumper association passed out awards at a banquet and Lafayette some of the awards included lessons and horse care the girls have worked very hard all year long each of the bars participates in this association and puts on horse shows for the kids so they accumulate their points throughout the year and we award them for all their hard work

- EQUESTRIAN LIFE IN THE PALM BEACHES HORSES FOR HEROES PART 1: Kind: captions Language: en Equestrian Life in the Palm Beaches is brought to you by Discover the Palm Beaches, the best way to experience Florida. On today's episode of Equestrian Life in the Palm Beaches, it's all about horses, energy, reflection, direction. This is the Herd Foundation, and this right here is Cinnamon. And we're in for a great show. We'll show you how horses are helping local veterans. Visit an equestrian specialty store that has everything you need for your horse and saddle up for some trail riding in the beautiful Palm Beaches. >> The Palm Beaches is the epicenter for the ultimate equestrian life. Our winter equestrian festival is the world's largest and longest running equestrian sports event. [Music] The National Polo Center in Wellington, one of the world's largest, attracts top athletes and spectators for worldclass polo, festive fieldside brunches, and non-stop fun in the sun. And that's not all. Equestrian life in the Palm Beaches will focus on every aspect of the incredible equestrian lifestyle right here in Palm Beach County. From competitions, events, and training to trail riding and equin therapy. When it's winter everywhere else, it's equestrian season right here in the Palm Beaches. So get ready for some horse play Palm Beaches style. >> You got to let your spirit spirit rise. My name is Rhonda Fchell. I'm the co-founder and director of Herd Foundation. We are a program focused on veterans and equin assisted services. So when Nangi Johnson and I started Herd Foundation, we wanted to really focus on connection and belonging rather than a diagnosis or a label. We wanted to really share all of the the benefits and just what happens when you connect with a horse and how much you can learn about yourself. Our program has grown. Our veteran population has grown. Today, as we were watching our group, I heard so much laughter and and that's what we that's what we wanted to create, that space, that safe space for veterans. The reason why we wanted to call it Herd Foundation is because the horses have taught us how essential being connected is relying on each other, depending on each other very much like veterans do in the military. We also made up this acronym of horses, energy, reflection, and direction. And when I think about that, I think about how important that is in our lives is that connection with the horses, how important energy is that we bring to our relationships, how we we reflect on on ourselves and um direction. Thank you, Miss. So, this is Fallen Friday. It's part of uh the veterans groups that meet through Herd Foundation. Went through Freedom Patch One, which was an 8-week program for veterans. Did that. Then I went through Freedom Patch 2, which is more advanced. It's all about grounding and connecting with the horses, kind of learning about yourself. And then it turns into Fallen Friday, which is every Friday we show up. Program never ends. And you just get to go in the arena and do what you've learned. and we still kind of pick up and learn new stuff all the time. But it's all about grounding and connecting with the horse and coming here and just kind of losing whatever's going on in your life, in your head as a veteran. I was sent here through the VA with a few diagnosis since I've been here a little bit over a year. I started as a veteran and then I kind of loved it so much because it worked. It really worked. Changed my life. Now I volunteer. I work with other veterans helping facilitate through these programs. On Fridays, I get to still be the veteran that comes in and and learns and and just continue to kind of help myself through these guys. Well, for me, it's this guy. I learned that this program, this type of program, it's an amazing process for veterans. Not enough people know about it. I think more people should have access to it. It's not your average run-of-the-mill program for disabled vets. It's very specific, but it's opened me up a lot more than therapy and anything else that I've ever tried. I didn't know anything about horses. And I got referred here. I came here and that was the question. What is it about horses? And I'm still trying to figure that out. But it it's something I guess you know it's some people say they're mystical, they're magical. Well, there's something. I learned real fast. It's a unique experience. I'm not big on the word experiential, but it is really one of those things that you have to really try it and to to understand it. I suggest, I advise, I ask that if you're a veteran and you're going through what I'm going through, and you probably know what I'm talking about. I'd just say it. PTSD, uh, stress disorder, anxiety, if you can find an ecoin assisted services program close to you, it's it's worth giving it a try. Even if you have to drive a little bit, it's it's it's an amazing amazing program. I don't care where it is. You know, this place to me is this is my uh my oasis, my it's kind of like my paradise. This it's beautiful farm, beautiful people, beautiful horses, and I'm not that guy. I'm not that all mushy guy. But, uh I can say if you can find one, seek it out and and give it a try. It it works. It's an amazing amazing process. Well, we established our connection and I think him like me never met a camera we didn't like.

- BHTV: Opportunities Abound for Equestrian Living in WNC: Kind: captions Language: en (soft music) - Thank you for joining us for this episode of Beverly Hanks TV, helping you to live the life you choose in western North Carolina. (upbeat music) Real estate is about so much more than four walls and a roof. It's about how a community really lives. One of the ways to enjoy living in western North Carolina is with horses. Opportunities abound here to enjoy horses or even live an equestrian lifestyle. - Every summer we came to this area to horse show in the summers at Blowing Rock and the Asheville area. And one summer I had sold my property in Florida and I was at the horse show in Asheville that used to be at the Biltmore. And I opened a magazine and saw the real estate prices and I thought, "Why am I living in Florida?" And next thing I knew, I owned property here and I moved here 10 years ago, with Belmoe and a couple of my other horses and I've never looked back. I have no desire to go anywhere else. It's just the greatest place to live. (guitar strumming) One main attraction that brings a lot of people to this area is the trail system. A lot of these areas all have their own trail systems. And people that have their horses at their farm and wanna ride on the trails, find it to be a very unique situation that you don't find very many places. - And if you just enjoy riding, there are a number of trails that are open to the public. In Maggie Valley, Cataloochee Ranch is an incredible spot, as is the nearby Great Smoky Mountains National Park. At the Biltmore Estate, you can even bring your own horse and ride the miles of trails along this historic property. - A lot of people live in a place where they don't ever see a horse. They don't live in a rural area where they drive by a horse pasture on their way to work. Here there are, in the mountains, hopefully here or other places, they're going to be able to get on a horse and go out on the trail. They're going to be able to see something more than the ring. I think that's a big draw here. You can trailer your horse into Cataloochee Valley, for instance. You can trailer it to different places and ride, the park. The Great Smokies is 500,000 acres of trails. That's a horse friendly park. Most trails in the park you can ride on horseback. You're in the mountains. It's different every day. Depending on when you ride, you might even right the same trail one day, the next day it's going to look different because the leaves have changed or the flowers have changed. So it's different every day. - And this is not only a lifestyle here, it's a great community of people with real interesting backgrounds. It's got a great network of different disciplines, besides just showing, horse shows and show jumping. There's the brassage community. There's a driving community. There is the eventing community. And we love Nashville and the Hendersonville area. There's all kinds of natural resources. We like to hike. We take our horses up to the Biltmore and do trail riding in DuPont Forest. So there's lots of things to do. You can even go skiing from here. All those just within an hour, two hours, you're in another world. We enjoy the benefits of having all that right in our own backyard. - With vacant land still abundant, ranch and farm properties can be found in all but our most urban of areas. Waynesville, Tryon, and Fairview are just a few spots where you'll find horse properties available for purchase. And to find more communities with equestrian opportunities, use the community search function at beverlyhanks.com. To find out more about the many ways there are to live in in western North Carolina, contact your Beverly Hanks associate or go to beverlyhanks.com.