- turning my EX GRAND PRIX JUMPER into a hunter (for no reason lol) !! - week 1: Kind: captions Language: en hi if you follow me on other social media platforms which you should you would know that i've decided to take my ex grand prix jumper turned dressage horse and turned him into a hunter why you might ask i stopped showing him because he hates dressage and it stresses him out and we went like six months having absolutely no goals and then one day i was like what if i took my fire breathing dragon of a horse and tried to put him in the discipline where you are judged on how calm and together and prettier horses why not do that i have no plans to show him he's 19 i just wanted us to have a goal and i figured if nothing else this is a great learning experience for me so i figured let's start documenting on youtube the progress we're making if we make progress i don't know if we will this might be embarrassing for me so this is like the past week or two i'm gonna say like week one of turning him into a hunter and these are video clips that i've gotten from the past week or so also enjoy watching us jump today and go from very calm easy going to he sees verticals and forgets how to use his feet that was a really fun moment for us today [Music] i just want you by my side we can watch the whole city tonight i'm just a wreck without new love tell me how can i survive we can watch is my

  Top Comments:
  1. @willowmae3525 [2 likes]: What a great video!!! i cant wait to see your progress with him!! i have a question because ik u struggled with your horse not enjoying his work... recently my tranior moved me onto her 18 year old horse who hasn't been worked in years she thought it would be a good opportunity to work with a less trained horse. (before this ive just been leasing my like 20 year old chestnut whos the sweetest thing and a very easy horse to work with) so since ive been working with him I cant tell if hes just not trained with leg cues or if hes just not enjoying his work if I try to tell my tranior that she just says I'm doing something wrong (cause she really wants this is to work) any tips on making him enjoy his work and how to keep his rhythm and stop falling back into walk?? thank girlyy!!❤️
  2. @kateb7250 [2 likes]: Oooh I can’t wait to see the rest of your progress with him!!! He’s just so cute! ♥️♥️♥️
  3. @julianalinker6229 [1 likes]: first🤪
  4. @rattietattie9719: Jesus loves you
  5. @raversmead: Oh what a handsome boy! I look forward to watching your progress together x

- turning my grand prix jumper into a hunter - pt.2 lil crossrails lesson !!: Kind: captions Language: en hi if you've watched some of my more recent videos or you follow me on tick tock and instagram which you should by the way you would know that i am taking my x grand prix jumper turned dressage horse and turning him into like a hunter eckhorse why am i putting myself through this you might ask i don't know but we've been having fun and i wanted to share clips from my most recent jumping lesson on him with you guys we focused on keeping his pace consistent doing downward transitions in lines because he tends to rush the second drop of lines and just keeping the drums small and working on his pace and building the basics of not being a crazy jumper so here you go here's those clips he was so good i'm very proud of him he's really trying his hardest so i wanted to share this with you here's the clips okay bye [Music] i thought i what am i here to find floating deep out of space thoughts i can't erase you always dreams that you destroyed you have been no choice don't leave me here [Applause] space man's out here on his own again where to go you

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheEquiClubYouTube [1 likes]: Well done💕
  2. @juliafreestone3224: Hiiiii

- Horse Show Tips - How to Judge a Hunter Round: Kind: captions Language: en hi there my name is Lauren welcome to another video today we're going to talk about scoring hunter rounds if you'd like to learn more about how the judge scores a hunter round stick around stage at the end because I've got some pictures of some horses and we're gonna look at them and see how a judge may score them hi there my name is Lauren welcome to another video if you'd like to improve your riding and training and really understand what it is that the judge is looking for when you're going into the hunt around so that you can win more ribbons at your next horse show then remember to subscribe and hit the bell I can't see don't miss any new videos coming out so how does a judge judge the funding rounds I think it's a lot harder than what some people say I've heard a lot of people when you're at your horse show I don't know if you hear them to that they say oh the judge didn't like my horse the judge didn't like my horse when it does swaped its lead or it pinned its ears or all those types of things well I'm here to tell you as a horse show judge we really love watching horses go around and we really like for you to win the unfortunate thing is if your horse isn't a nice jumper as that horse then we have to place the better jumper over your horse it's not that we don't like it we like your horse we want it to win but the other words may be a better jumper than yours so how do you get your points and how do you how do you win that hunter class anyway the number one thing that you have to do when you get into the hunter ring is you have to get to all of your jumps that means no refusing as soon as you refuse your jump your scored goes from whatever it was down to a 30 guaranteed you have to get to all you jumps and this means no refusing no chipping no adding in or god forbid no leaving out strides no rushing keep an even pace and you have to get to the right spot the sweet spot for every jump so there's eight jumps usually in a hunter round you have to get to each of those jumps correctly eight times plus get your leads plus get the correct distances and have good turnout and all those other nice things that you have when you're in hunt around here's a summary of scores for you are absolutely phenomenal when your horse is perfect gets its knees up gets all its leaves get all its distances beautiful turnout and is superb form over fences then that would be 95 Tunes got good form gets all its spots beautiful turn up so between 80 and 89 those are really good trips as well these are really good horses with really good form with maybe a minor mistake baby gets a little at one josh is a little bit these are like minor minor mistakes 7279 so like in the 70s that's a good that's a good round really good round so that's a regular horse jumping it's great good round maybe it has a minor mistake here there but these are minor mistakes these aren't getting a chip in or adding or getting wrong knee these are maybe it's legs aren't quite the level over one jump or it gets a little close at one jump or a little far away from one jump or a getting its lead one or two strides into the corner rather than these are minor minor mistakes in the 60s these are research these marks are reserved for those horses that maybe don't have really good form over fences their average horses average movers with minor mistakes so the difference between a 65 and the 75-65 would be an average horse with an average jump making a minor mistake whereas a 75 would be a good horse with good form making an average mistake an 80 would be an excellent horse with excellent form with a minor something and then 95 is a superior nothing if you get a 50 to me a 50 is got a major mistake somewhere maybe it's knocked a rail down which is usually might you take up - 4 points off your score or getting too close getting too far away noticeably hangs a leg bad jumping poor form so for me and I've got these written down here I'm fit in the 50s is has a major fault one major fault so for example it might be adding a stride and then in and out has a very bad fence you know the kind where you go huh will you take your deep breath in you ah the hanging your leg over a fence or something like that trotting in the corners to get a lead cross cantering or disunited canter somewhere a wrong lead adding a stride in the line those are major mistakes for me that would be immediate 50 40 is another major fault it's a good solid knockdown with the front leg not a back leg a good solid knock with front front leg in bad form over fences 30s to me that's a refusal or refusal and knock down something terrible has happened and if you get in the 20s that's a very dangerous horse and then we don't want to see you back again then that's the way just some judges judge so they have picture in their mind what an ad looks like in 85 and 90 and what a 60 looks like and the horses come in between there so let's take a look at some pictures to see what it is that a judge may look at the bed of our show and these are pictures that I have taken or there's a couple pictures that some people are sending to me of their own mortises so let's just take a look so here's a nice chestnut horse and it's a little it's a cross country fence I know and so this is not really in a hunter situation but across country mints but I wanted to show you that this is an in an instant in time as the horse goes over the jump and you are doing eight jumps so the judge has eight times to see your wars jump that's it and if your horse doesn't jump eight times nicely you're gonna get a bad score if you chip in run out or add a stri take out a strike that's gonna reduce your score so this fancy so this has captured our a the horse over top of the jump and you can see that we can stop in time and take a look at it and discuss it so I'm not sure if a judge who noticed this or not the thing that strikes out strikes me at this horse is that it's using itself nicely it's got a round over top of its back love the weights reaching down forward with its head using itself through its head and neck it's knees are up they're not quite level but I'm not sure that a judge if he's watching from the side would be able to see that you can see that right now the knees are up because the forearm is parallel to the ground and it looks like it's starting to open up its legs because it's cannon bones are almost perpendicular to the ground and for me that would be something that I would take note I like love the way that its forearms are up and horizontal but it's cannon bones are starting to be on the vertical and that would be cause for me to say Keynes's legs a little bit it may be just the way the when this picture was captured he's just starting to come down off his arc and reaching depth for the ground so he's not starting to unfold it's like I don't know maybe it is maybe it isn't but that's just what I would do so for that particular horse why would you give that horse for a score I'd give that score with that horse probably a here's another little horse this is from a picture from somebody was doing a position review and I wanted to use this picture doesn't sure if you can see the horse's knees and this one these are up legs are parallel to the ground look how beautiful his knees are not really like that that is the first thing that the judge notices the thing that would detract me about this horse is that its ears the horses ears are gonna see the riders ears right here okay the horses ears that kind of back like he's really kind of soured on jumping so I don't like the look of that I'd have to take that just kind of ruins the general overall appearance of the horse but the big thing with this horse if you look at its hindquarters its hind legs in particular its hind legs it's like it's stepping off and its hind legs are not together his left hind leg is further out in front then it's right hind leg and I would take off marks for that for this particular horse really like the waist goes knees up but I don't like its ears or its head look sour and I think it would probably show that throughout the whole course right and the fact that it split its hind legs when it's taking off so I take off some marks for that but because it's so good with its front end I probably give it a 75 what would you give it do you have a picture of your horse you want to sit in I'd love to see it send me an email thistle Ridge at hotmail.com I hope that gives you some idea of what it is the judge is looking for and you know what the judge does does like your horse I don't ever want to hear people say that the judge doesn't like my horse cuz that's just not true the judge does lik your horse and the judge really wants to see the best of your horse so have any questions send me an email thanks now bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @AceHardy [3 likes]: 👑
  2. @emilym3139 [3 likes]: great tips i love your videos i always learn something new
  3. @olenka9963 [2 likes]: Thank for making this video I love these video this will help me for my upcoming hunter show.  I will definitely take these tips to my iel and at the oaks. 😀😀😀
  4. @California_corgi_butts [1 likes]: Question, what is chipping?
  5. @kmiklaszewski [1 likes]: Looking forward to your next video. 
I came across this video of a show and could not believe some of the balance and position issues that some of these riders have at this level. I know that it happens at every level in all styles of riding. I know that not all trainers/instructors are educated in proper rider biomechanics and there are still so many old school methods that are being taught and passed on to riders today. I know that there are a ton of under qualified instructors out there teaching and I just wanted to get some of your input and expertise on some of the positions and riding in this video. I know that not all classes are being judged on rider position and correctness but it is something I try to educate my eye on because learning to recognize incorrect/correct position, balance, bio mechanics and why things go wrong and right is very important to me and my education for future teaching and riding. 
It’s a long full show video and there are some very nice horses and good riders but also some clear position and other issues that are good for educating your eye as an instructor like me.  A couple of time stamps that stood out in the beginning of the video are  -  
1.  6:04
 2. 13:53
  6. @mystride [1 likes]: 🥕
  7. @laurauzarski1560 [1 likes]: I would love to have my position reviewed. I am a jumper rider! 😊
  8. @mistyloggins9378 [1 likes]: Amazing tips!!! Thank you ☺️
  9. @alexisstoudt4831 [1 likes]: Very helpful! Thank you!

- hunter jumper riding lesson adult student: Kind: captions Language: en go ahead to your try go ahead and then from your trot you ask for your cancer stretching up stretching up like clothes separate your arms and move your shoulders Susan you're stiff as a board when you ask for the Cantor you're supposed to

  Top Comments:
  1. @bethm.2933: Adults are the hardest to teach lol

- 87 CHANCE IT   Kelly Ross   Adult Amateur Hunter 18 35 Round 2: Kind: captions Language: en but johnson reserves Saba and pur

- First Hunter/Jumper show: Jen & Jasper: Kind: captions Language: en four graffiti b written by liza strickland third place is number 459 legato fcf and mike abram hudson fourth place is number 686. macmillan fifth place is number 199 bentley written by ashley castillo six places number 418. chairman a written by ellie hawk and results for class number 35 modified child adult hunter first place to number 459 legato fcf and my caitlyn hudson second place is number 686 passing the skyrim by haley mcmillan third phrase is number 671 life is good written by lindsay cooper fourth place is number 693 galilee age of 18 by elise china

  Top Comments:
  1. @aviator3330 [3 likes]: That horse says "I wanna be a show jumper" xD. Well ridden though
  2. @irisvafiadis2608 [1 likes]: Beautiful horse and wonderful riding!!
  3. @hannahdrew5911 [1 likes]: Awesome riding!!! 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻

- Brave Horse 2023 Intermediate Adults 2’3 Hunters 1st trip: Kind: captions Language: en the way he's doing my hair this morning [Music] thank you three four five six seven s foreign

  Top Comments:
  1. @Ghaintmukablapb32: 😊😊❤

- Horse Show Checklist: How To Prep Your Horse For A Show!: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Yes. Well done. Keep being confident right ability. Good morning everyone. Welcome back to a new YouTube video with me. Jake's in the background over there just on his first horse. It's 7:30 in the morning. It's a beautiful, beautiful morning. So nice. Yesterday was windy and horrible. Today just really feels like spring is here. Um today's video we are going to show tomorrow. So I thought it'd be nice to show you guys what we do to set up the horses that are going to a show. Got three horses jumping and they're all young horses. um or younger horses. We've got two 5-year-olds and a seven-year-old, but he's quite a green seven-year-old. Um so, yeah, we're going to set them up for the show. And then I'll ride Tinker Bell. Jake's teaching. Um and yeah, just being nice. Today's Saturday, so favorite day of the week. A nice little vlog for you. I also need to get on to cleaning my saddle cuz I'm trying to sell it. So, if anybody out there needs a saddle or knows how to best sell a saddle, I've never really sold a saddle before. Um, it's like a CWD. Um, and yeah, it needs going because I'm getting a new one for Miss Tinks, which I'm very excited about. But yeah, that one needs to go first before I can get the new one. So, um, but yeah, anyways, I'm going to stop rambling. My god, the sun is blinding. It's lovely. And get, um, some videos of Jake. Um, he's just warming up. We've got some troples. Doing a little bit of lateral work and then we'll um set up a little exercise and yeah, get jumping. Nice boy. What a lovely morning. Nice leg. Don't know if you can see that from this angle. Press at the wrong place. Bit of leg yielding. Sorry, I'm still in the worst place. Yeah, he's with Jake on a competition slashtraining livery. Um yeah, rising sevenyear-old. He's jump jumped up to 115. Taking our time with him a little bit because um the whole we're just trying to keep him as confident as possible. He's got a nice jump, but it is important to keep him confident so we're not rushing him. That's nice. He is aventter bred, so he does also do a little bit of a venting. Yeah, he's all around. Really lovely boy. I've ridden him myself quite a few times. Um, yeah, he's jumping the 105 tomorrow. But yeah, he's jumped up to 115. Just going for a pop around really because we're taking the babies and we don't want to wait around all day. So, he's stepped down a little bit just for tomorrow. Um, we're taking 5-year-old Pete, who is one of ours, and we're also taking 5-year-old Nancy, who is on sales delivery. So, yeah, just trying to build up a record um so we can sell her. And they're both jumper jumpers. Very nice. Now that he's fully warmed up, it's time to get jumping. And we're just starting nice and small. Nice and easy. Got a warm-up fence next to me coming over the pole. six or seven strides to the warm-up fan. And what we like to do as well is come over the warm-up fence, over the pole, and then over the angled poles on a circle after, which I'll show you now, or Jake will show you now. Seven. That will be six as the jump gets bigger. And coming around to these actually is quite difficult. They come up quite quickly. Now that he's done that a few times, we've popped it up to an upright. Just do the same again. His wings in the way. Nice and straight through there. Seven. Very nice. And we just pause. And for us, I mean, the day before show, it's not about testing them, jumping really big or doing anything too tricky. It's about keeping them confident, working on ridability, putting together a little exercise. And now you'll see Jake add another fence after the poles again. Nice. Seven strides. Jump's going up a little bit again to the poles. And he's going to come around a bit of a tighter turn to this upright. Very nice. And now that I've popped up the jump again, Jake will come down here in six strides. Ideally, I lost count. I don't actually know if he did or not. Anyways, I think he did. Back to the poles and background. Nice smooth circle. Perfect. We've now changed this fence to an oxel in the plan again. Come down first in seven strides and then do the exercise again in six. Seven. Very nice change. And then back for the poles. Very good. Very nice. Another thing that we try and do the day before a show is just jump a little double. Doesn't have to be big, but just to get them really confident, especially the younger horses. Don't want them nipping out. Prep for the jump off. That was nice though. We tried. Careful there. Nothing big. Just confident pop. Very nice. The last exercise we're doing or Jake's doing is to work on some lines and some tighter turns, which is basically like a figure of eight. You'll see him do coming in. He's that little upright next to me. And then back around to another little fence just again to work on ride ability and just set them up a little bit for the jump off. Just do it once more and just well leave them there. And the aim is just to keep everything really smooth. No arguments and let them do the Nice. I mean, you with your slice of pizza, it's aesthetic. Pete looks good. What are you looking for? I think Pete wants a piece. I don't think Pete wants that ramen. Right, it's now a few hours later. I've stripped a layer. It's actually like 16° today, which is lovely. It's not time to give Pete a jump. Where did the time go? How do we move so far away? Holding on. How much can we both take when it goes? I can't hear what you're saying. I can't hear what you're saying. Strong lessons burn brighter. That makes us two fathers. What I'm asking tonight is could we get back to where we started? So what do you say to that? I know we both hurt bad and you won't forget the fact that I believe we have holding on. How much can we both take? Isn't it cold? I can't hear what you say. Strong mages burn brighter. That makes us two fighters in our masking tonight. Could we get back to started? Strong answers burn that makes us two fathers who were asking matters. Could we get back to started? Not sure if I've mentioned this, but this is 5-year-old Nancy who's having a go at this exercise just like Pete did. She's done a little bit more. She's done a lot more as a four-year-old. So, she's yeah, a lot more ridable, a bit further along, and she's also for sale, by the way. Romances burns me going back to where we start to hold Tonight is always burn tonight. That's it. Your hands there. Leg on strong. That's your hand. This This inside hand is the one that you pull back a bit more and put across the top. That's it. Better off shortening the rain. What you doing? Good. Nice. Well done. Well done. Go forward. Go forward. Don't pull back with that inside hand. Leave your hands alone. That's it. Good. Just leave her alone. That's the way. Keep your leg on real strong just like you are on the trot. That's it. Well done. Well done. Well done. All right. When you feel ready, up to trot. Okay. Just keep your leg on. Squeeze her into it. Oh, good. And trop forward. That's it. That's it. Good. That's better. it. I said you got to do completely opposite to what your brain says. Good. That's just a nice caner. You're not running off. That's good. Okay. And up to trot. That's it. Good. Good. Think I'm getting this on video. Very good. Okay, when you're ready to trot. Okay, that's it. She wanted to stretch down now. Good. That's better. nice. That's nice. That's it. When she's like that, you just soften the hands a little bit. Don't throw it away. You just follow it. Good. Nice. Well done. That's better done. That's the way to change the rain in a minute. Stay in trot though. Get a nice trot the other way. Back a bit more and put across the top. That's it. Better off shortening the rain. How you doing? Good to walk when you're ready. Okay. Very good. Good trot now. Nice. Well done. Very good. Trot. Keep your hands low. That's fine. That's it. Good. Well done. Really nice. That's it. Trot. It's quiet. Quiet leg. Very good. Lovely. Yes. Good. Drop leg now. Super. Yes. Wait. Now leg. Very very good. On. Quiet. Quiet. Now leg. Super. Yes. Sit. Leg. Yes. Well done. Wait. Yes. Well done. Sit up. Well done. Well done. Good girl. Leg on. Yes. That's the one. Ha. Having a little Having a little flick in a yippee. Well done.

  Top Comments:
  1. @helenaslife88 [1 likes]: So nice to see you riding 😊
  2. @Freelancerinsightbd [1 likes]: Really loved the content! I help creators grow with smart SEO strategies. If you're open to a few friendly tips, feel free to reply. — SEO Specialist

- How to PREPARE for a HORSE SHOW: Kind: captions Language: en hey guys and welcome to today's episode of vlogmas so today is Friday and it's Friday evening and tomorrow Rocky and I are heading to a show so I thought I would do a video all about how we prepare to go to a show so tomorrow's show is a combined training event which means we have dressage and show jumping to do but it's actually also a dressage jackpot show so you kind of have a decision whether you just want to do dressage or you want to do combined training Etc so I've decided to enter both so that means I'll be doing two dressage tests and one show jumping round one of my dressage tests will count towards the combined training and then the two dressage tests combined will be my dressage jackpot score and placing okay Sage dressage six times fast because I feel like I'm giving myself a lisp um anyway so that means that he needs to be very nice and clean especially with the dressage I always plat for that so I am going to first ride him so he's spotted a cat that I need to catch I'm just gonna I'm just gonna catch it I'll be back okay I'm back sorry I could not catch the cat I'm sorry Andrew it's Andrew's cat and he's away and he wants me to catch the cat to put it back in the house I'm just couldn't catch it she keeps running away from me anyway moving on I am going to ride Rocky now do some flat work get him kind of tuned up and then it is time to give him a wash I'm gonna platter his Mane I'm gonna clean all my attack and just get everything ready and I also need to learn my dressage test dressage tests plural I don't know it's seven o'clock and I'm running out of time and daylight anyway better get going here is the man himself are you Rocky good boy having a little ride there's a little walk around stash and then we'll get going foreign guys so I've ridden Rocky I'm just walking him off now he was very good um every horse is kind of different as to what you should do the day before a show like for example Carl at home in Ireland he is best if I just do a very light kind of stretchy work just kind of you know loosing of his body but not overworking him and getting him tired um just so it's fresh the next day whereas uh Rocky is definitely the type that could do with a very very good ride the day before and to be honest every day of the week um he he just goes his absolute best when he is in full work ridden every day um so that's what I'm trying to do and he's going so well he felt really really good today I didn't get any clips of his Cantor but his country was actually very good also he got his teeth done this week and I'm definitely feeling a big difference so I'm yeah I'm very excited about tomorrow so next on the agenda is washing him he's nice and sweaty now so it's perfect time to wash him because it'll feel good nice and cool and it's quite humid evening I need to take out all those plaits that are in there and re-plat him then I need to clean my attack and then I need to pack everything so I'll show you absolutely everything that I pack it's a little bit different for this show because this is not just a show jumping show it's dressage as well Rocky says he's very chilled out now he doesn't know what I'm talking about um so yeah I'm just gonna pack everything I'll make a little like list of all the things I think you should bring and then yeah it'll be home for the night and to make sure my droppers are white and yeah get everything ready for the morning it's not too early to start we're not leaving until 9am which is actually pretty nice my dressage is at half 11. I'm going with Tess but she's not till after me because she's in a bit of a bigger class she's in the grade two and I'm in the grade three um so yeah that is the plan for the evening so exciting [Music] thank you [Applause] hey guys so it is time to pack everything and make sure everything is ready and organized and I have everything a little funny story is that one time I went to a show and this was back when I was on ponies and I was at a library and I you know packed up all my stuff got my horse Ready Clean to Perfection head to the show walked my course went to get ready went to put my bridle on and realized I'd forgotten not only my Bridle but also my side one I don't know how you quite managed to forget your Bridal and saddle but it does happen and after that day I wrote a list luckily it's a very kind person lended me both a saddle and Bridal and I rode in those um don't know how I didn't get [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] off but here we are um so yes after that day I read a list and I always had it in the car and I still remember it as a little pink piece of paper um but now I don't need a physical anymore I have like a almost like a chant that I can go through and remember everything but if you are not like me um and a bit weird I will put a link in the bio to a PDF of everything that you need to remember for a show might be helpful for some people I'll put a little checklist beside it and you can print it off and have it with you every time you get ready for a show um just to make sure you have everything um because I don't know I think it's really good for settling your nerves to have a checklist to have everything and you know work through it and I know when you feel prepared for a show like you have everything you've done good preparation you haven't forgotten anything I think that does settle your nerves and it makes you a little bit more relaxed so yeah I definitely find this helps so I will go through what I have today so first I'll start with myself I have my helmet so what I actually have is this bag and it has everything in it so I have my hat very nice um I have my shirt which I'm wearing then I have my show jacket even though it's going to be 30 degrees today and I feel like it's gonna be too hot for a show jacket but anyway I have my job first underneath my tracksuit bottoms I'm not gonna flash you guys I promise color juice I have my boots which I haven't yet cleaned filming this in a bit of a backwards order so yeah my show boots well my boots they're just for everyday and for show and then other things that you might need is a medical armband if you're going cross-country a back protector and also a back number if you're going cross country as well um and gloves which I don't use even though I feel like I should start using gloves um and is there a rule about wearing gloves and dressage I don't know why I thought that but I haven't been anyway and that is everything um the other thing is that for Pony Club I'm gonna have to take out my oh I'm gonna have to take out my nose piercing and my earrings which sad so moving on to the horse what do we need we need the Bridle so so I have Rocky's Bridal here and people do ask me about this bridler and it is the Mackie Athena Bridle it has this um it looks like the nose band or the flash is attached but it actually pulls through and you can use it without the flash which is quite nice um and it's like very padded and a shaped headband yeah my favorite Bridle and I use it at home in Ireland and I loved it so much so I asked Mackie if I could take one have another one to bring to Australia and they say absolutely so very kind um I have a bit so this is the my dressage bit it's just a snuffle with a French link is what I call it if there's a few different names for it but then I need my jumping bit as well which is this one from Barris bits that Mackie actually also gave me to try out and I love this I'm going to be bringing it home to Ireland to use on my possibly Dali I think it'd be a really suit him Rocky really likes it it's like a plastic um but it doesn't have any Bend in it um but it's like shaped it has some nice bit guards on it and yeah it's just a little two ring and yeah he really likes it and I also have this the same mouthpiece for the snaffle version um but I didn't bring it to Australia very annoying but I am going to use it in Ireland possibly on Cal and I'm going to bring it back with me when I come back to Australia because I really like it so sticking with the horse's head I also have a fly Veil just have a normal one all right so I've got just nice Navy very plain but the way I like it and I also have my Martian Gale and breastplate because I don't know it's just Rocky shape but even when the saddle fits very well on him it just tends to slip back when he jumps um I don't know I think he has quite big shoulders and they move a lot and push the push the saddle back even though I know the saddle shouldn't be on his shoulder so it shouldn't make a difference but it does so Bridal respite Martingale moving down the horse we have our saddle we have our saddle and and girth don't forget your girth and also some saddle pads so I have this Navy one for jumping it's from hnh equestrian love you Hannah and a white one for dressage not mandatory I just think it looks so fresh and if you have a little half pad don't forget to pack that too Rocky does have a little half pad because the saddle is just a little bit too wide and with the half pad it's perfect and he's very happy now moving downwards the horse um is the boots so Rocky just has some tendon boots um for his front limbs I don't use any back boots on him no particular reason just don't um but don't forget those if you need them and also your overachers of reach boots if you need them to now moving on to miscellaneous objects that you might need so starting off in Australia this isn't a thing in Ireland in show jumping anyway but I need a bridal number or a saddle pad number but I use a bridal number so I just need to fix them so that they're my correct numbers this is from the last show I always bring a little bit of like subtle soap subtle cleanse ship it doesn't actually say what it is but you know it makes your leather shiny and it's nice for just before the class to just little teach you just look nice and on that note I always bring a bit of a rag to clean stuff with so just a bit of a little cloth this is actually also from hls equestrian it's very funny because it says just another dirty horse towel which it is um but yeah this is perfect for yeah the last minute wipe of your Bridle last minute wipe of your boots just to make them sure they're shiny just before you go into the ring now because I'm planning for this shirt also bring a few clashing bands my main comb and a brush just to make sure that if I have a last minute um flat to go Rogue on me I can fix that at the time one very important thing is a couple of treats Rocky's treat of choice are the smooches from High Gain which I just think is so funny because I know we don't have these treats in Ireland and my friend Tess always goes for horse them and just in her Australian accent like when she says smoochies I just don't know it makes me laugh every time so that's why I got him a kilo tub of them um just to you know keep them going just in case he had a bit of a treat deficiency um so let's bring a few of them for after our rounds good or bad he generally is going to get some and then not forgetting about your own treats I always bring a few snacks like a cereal bar and a banana just the usual if you're in Australia a hat is a must and some water whether you're not whether you're in Australia or not you need to drink some water and finally I always just have a little bit of um hoof oil just again last minute before you go into the ring just to Spruce him up and also some baby oil oh this looks so good on their face but I did hear you're not to use it if it's hot weather and it's going to be baking today and I do not want that oil to boil on his face um do tell me if that is a real thing I feel like you shouldn't have oil cooking on their face in the Sun but maybe that isn't a thing with baby oil I don't know you guys tell me I am not dressage Diva these are dressage diva things all right so now I have absolutely everything packed um I just need to transport it to the float horse box if you're Irish like me and Tessa's car because Tess is bringing me and then we'll be good to go I just have to do the finishing touches on Rocky alrighty so the float is packed Rocky is clean and platted and ready and we are ready to set off to the show so I hope you enjoyed this video I hope you found it helpful and maybe a bit reassuring if you're heading to your first show and you're not really sure what to have ready and you're a bit stressed um hopefully this settles your nerves because the most important thing to remember is to have fun so I'm Gonna Leave the video here and you should definitely subscribe so that you don't miss the next video which will be us at the show so now you've been involved in the preparation you need to see how we get on fingers crossed it goes well all right thanks so much for watching guys make sure to like comment subscribe and check out the link where I have put the list of everything you need to remember um and I will see you in the next video bye guys

  Top Comments:
  1. @Lietjesmarket [5 likes]: My dad once forgot to bring the horse. They were together and they both thought the other one had put the horse on the truck 😂
  2. @cbroere6056 [4 likes]: Iittle tip: I always find that braiding underneath (Dutch braid) instead of the normal over eachother braid makes the best competition braids. 😊
  3. @bqualitysnake6549 [3 likes]: Yes, baby oil can also cause burns in intense heat/sun, a creamy spf could potentially get the same effect, at least it looks shiny on my skin but a little less tempting to put too close to the eyes. Stay safe!
  4. @sarahhutch [3 likes]: Thank you so much for keeping up with videos! You put so much effort into all of them ❤
  5. @Molley113 [3 likes]: This was truly satisfying video! Nice to have you back Holly. I hope the show vlogs are going to come soon too :P Greetings from frozen Norway :D
  6. @janl8683 [2 likes]: Rocky looks in tip top condition 🥰
  7. @NikkiDAmbrosio-cj4yi [1 likes]: You are a such good rider but i have a question do u 
Wash the bit ? Thanks ♥️🐴
  8. @Emilysisters [1 likes]: Why do you have to take out such simple piercings for pony club?
  9. @travelaustraliadaybyday [1 likes]: What brand of saddle do you ride rocky in.
Do you use the same on your horses in Ireland?
  10. @inquisitiveWA [1 likes]: I love these types of vlogs. Informative and interesting.
  11. @Sez166 [1 likes]: Great x
  12. @katlyn_marie55 [1 likes]: Rocky looks so good! For one of the days in vlogmas (coming up) could you make an updated day in your life as a vet video please! Would love to see<33
  13. @HF19358 [1 likes]: Brilliant Holly, I love watching your videos.  I am interested to find out how often you ride, Rocky is going so well and what a transformation from when you first bought him.  It is not easy fitting riding, training, blogging and showing around a demanding full time job. You must be wonder woman x 😊🌟
  14. @EleanorNeville618 [1 likes]: Do you pack sunscreen for yourself? :)
  15. @EleanorNeville618 [1 likes]: Rocky is looking so fit and relaxed. You’ve worked wonders with him
  16. @april5666 [1 likes]: You and Rocky look super fit and ready for the ring. Rocky looks better and better each time I see him. I have totally fallen in love with him — such a good, honest boyo.
  17. @NoThankUBeQuiet [1 likes]: So as a dressage person who doesn't wear gloves I think it's only required at upper levels and by then you should be using white gloves (yikes) if not required  definitely customary
  18. @elizabethedwards917 [1 likes]: He is a very fit looking horse!
  19. @oliviaholland9707 [1 likes]: So helpful, have my first show in a week!
  20. @kirkhurry9646: Plz help me to have boots size 45

- What To Know Before Your First Show // HORSE SHOWS 101: Kind: captions Language: en hey guys so I thought I'd make a video just giving a bit of an overview of what you need to know before going to your first show this has been pretty requested so I hope you guys enjoy just a little disclaimer this is going to be focused around show jumping competitions in Ireland because that's what I know so it could be different for other countries or disciplines the show jumping Society in Ireland is called show jumping Ireland or sji registering with sji has several benefits show entries are slightly cheaper there are some shows which require you to be registered you can get SGI points which go on your hores record and increase their value and so on however registration is pretty expensive so it's definitely worth having a think about whether it's worth it for you most shows allow you to compete on a temporary ticket this means that you don't have to be registered with SGI but you also can't place in the competition all SGI shows are listed in the bulletin which you can access from the SGI website they're arranged by province so you'll be able to see which ones are closest to you if you want to go to a more informal shows and lots of riding schools do Friday night shows where you can bring your own horse or hire a school horse to compete on when you decide on the first show you want to go to be sure to check the schedule for what class you're going to enter some shows will have an estimated time for cl for the class to start but many shows won't if you're not sure what time your class starts at then you can give the show a call or send an email and they'll be happy to give you a hand also check if it's on grass or sand so you know if you'll need studs or not create a list of everything you will need a couple of days in advance so that you know you haven't forgotten anything the morning of the show Once I forgot both my saddle and my Bridal so write down everything you need no matter how obvious it seems there are lots of good show list available online to base your own off when you go to the show it's helpful to have someone who's experienced there with you such as a trainer or friends or family this will take the pressure off you a little bit and it means that youve any if you have any last minute questions then you won't be panicked trying to find out the answer this person will also be able to help you warm up and help out with jumps make sure to get to the show nice and early so You' have time to walk your course make sure to walk your strides and pick out any parts of the course that you might have trouble with walking the course isn't just to learn the order of the jumps it's your opportunity to decide how you're going to ride each fence it's helpful to be able to watch a couple of people jump the course before you go and warm up but this depends on the size of the class usually small shows don't have a set running order for pous and it's just whoever is ready goes in but check with whoever is at the arena gate to make sure give yourself plenty of time to warm up so that anything goes wrong in the warmup you're not being rushed to go in and jump when you're not ready in the warmup the rule is left Stirrup to left Stirrup when you're passing someone but be aware of your surroundings because not everyone will follow that rule the jumps will have a red flag on the right wing and you can only jump it in that direction when you finish your round make sure to give your horse a good walkoff especially if they're going back into the horse box if you're doing another class then find out what time it's at because it might not be worth untack and putting your horse back in the horse box you might be better off just to stay walking around on them and that's everything I can think of if you have any other questions then let me know in the comments and I'll try and answer them thanks so much for watching guys I'll see you next time bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @olliethehorse2198 [7 likes]: Please do one about dealing with show nerves!!! I loved the video 😉
  2. @aoifexx16 [6 likes]: I'm so glad I found a Irish show jumper blogger 😎
  3. @koiffeedraws2431 [5 likes]: Aaa it’d be great to see a video about handling nerves to your first show! I might be competing for the first time ever this Sunday (60-70cm) and I’m beyond terrified, but I wanna do it! I’m just super nervous and I’m so so scared of messing up the arena rules or not knowing what to do or forgetting the course aaa
  4. @equestrianways2899 [2 likes]: Thank you so much, this is sooooo helpful, will be taking your advice into account xx 💜💙
  5. @everythingshiny [2 likes]: Great video :)  Do you always have the horses in the horsebox at shows, do you ever rent a stall or tie them up to the box? In New Zealand we most commonly tie them to the side of the horsebox (truck or float here) or sometimes rent a small yard (approx 5m sq) or occasionally venues have stabling available. Curious to hear the difference, I lived in Co. Mayo for 9 months a while ago but we didn't go showing.
  6. @clipclop_eq [1 likes]: I possibly have a schooling show June 3rd 🤫
  7. @eveandtablo1346 [1 likes]: Please do what you normally do in a showjumping warmup at a show!
  8. @Niamhandstorm: This was perfect before you said for ireland I 2as like oh no this might not be a good tutorial but it's irish and I'm irish so it will be an accurate tip video for me I'm competing this sunday
  9. @MySmallPetz: what do yo mean by left stirrup to left stirrup? x
  10. @Grace-cr7th: my horse has the same grandsire as welbeck !
  11. @Victxrysxng: Any tips on remembering the course
  12. @lumoskor: I'm nervous because I have a horse show in 2 days with my school and their miniature horses and I was told the mini I wanted to enter with only jumps when he's in a good mood. I hope I get lucky and he's in a good mood for the whole day :D
  13. @medamarcinauskaite7890: Could you do the video about the competition nerves?
  14. @horses9574: Really healthful video!could you maybe to a video on how to get a horse on the bit?
  15. @xTheLoveMeLadyx: 😍👌👌
  16. @chloelangley3027: Very helpful!! Thank you !!
  17. @ponycrazzy8387: Ok thanks I'm going on Sunday x
  18. @ponycrazzy8387: This is really good thanks I dint know about Sji thanks just wondering what day u are going the the RDS horse show xx hope to meet u
  19. @robwalker5599: Really helpful video!👍🏻
  20. @Montanaoequestrian: Me: "calls the show for every little detail cause I refuse to read the website" haha oh gosh Its so different over here. Your SJI thing is really cool!

- WHAT YOU NEED for a Horse Show | ZL Equestrian: Kind: captions Language: en hey guys welcome back we are going to a five-day show we'll be there for six days um it's the santa barbara nationals originally i was planning on taking zinn unfortunately he will not be attending because i have six client horses that would like to fill the trailer and to be honest an a-rated show like the santa barbara nationals is quite an expensive first horse show back to be doing smaller heights and just seeing how he goes so instead i will be taking cali and i'll be riding some quiet horses as well so let's pack up and get ready [Music] so the first thing that i always do about two weeks before the show or ten days before the show is i prep out all the grain so this is the green for the six horses that are going am and pm pre-bagged for each day and we also have some aloe juice in here from farm aloe butte just in case last day for some of the older horses stuff like that um extra beet pulp we have some ulcer guard some these are some dexamethasone pills which are antihistamine which is show legal in certain increments or certain amounts uh 12 hours before but cali notoriously gets hives so that's a fail safe just in case we also have some extra triple crown complete here for skinny boy remington just in case midway through the week he's um not eating his nice boy supplements so that's what's in here this is also more pelleted beet pulp the stuff expands to like 10 times the size so that should be enough for am pm for the whole week for the horses and these are just some water buckets the more buckets the better so the purple one will be for soaking the beet pulp these will either be for cali or for bit dips or bathing or whatever so that's just the first thing that i normally lay out so this is just one of my travel tack trunks it stays like this year round when we're showing we're not showing every month every day um i have like some old numbers in here which i have to throw away so ignore that but we just have um cross ties in here i have a backup crosstie some pens some rope never know when you need rope these are some different storage bags that actually take out a sweat scrape i think like the world's saddest pair of ray-ban aviators and then down here i have this is just like a show grooming trunk and a lunge line that lives in here um or grooming tote rather so i have all my soft brushes and then some like paddle brushes and different sprays um there's a couple little things of liniment in here and um a mary's botanical rule one but this isn't like my full liniment poultice this is just kind of my basic grooming so that stays in there and then this lunge line which desperately needs to be rolled up um this lives in there as well so it's a little crazy in here right now i have cali's fly stuff already prepped for the show uh this is cali saddle cali saddle we'll be going otherwise that's the only horse i believe i'm showing other than remington who i'll be using cassie's tack um the activo med our pimp blanket will be going which all of this stuff is going to stay in here until we leave or until i pack the truck then my helmets over there will be going these are things that don't go in the tack trunk again go on my truck but seeing as today is sunday we leave on tuesday i will probably wait a little longer these boots will be going but i'm using them on monday i can pack my show boots though so i put my liniment bucket in um got brown paper this is just some uptight practice uh the liniment i'll bring in a second here's a bag of rags which that'll probably go in last because it can kind of go anywhere also i have some random essentials i don't trim my horse's whiskers but some of the girls will if they're doing eck or anything probably going to stick to jumpers but just in case i brought one of those a couple things a chapstick from mary's botanicals and then hair nets sharpie so we have one more thing of cultists um i'm sure someone will forget some poultice along the way so um just making sure that we have it all i'm trying a new um veteran shampoo i've never used it before i just bought it at our local tack shop it's like a spray-on so we'll see how we like that um again this is a concentrate it's a liniment it's dio uh not sponsored but it's just a concentrate but i have a tap on it just in case because i don't know i love it and i really don't want it to go to waste so see if i can get that in there somewhere and then just a little travel muscle spray as well got the detangler and this is just um a helmet refreshing spray it's from the modern horse subscription box i actually got this necklace from them too i'm super obsessed um they do gift boxes and stuff so check them out now we have outsmart um oh gosh oh make sure to always check your products to make sure they're show legal so anyway i'm gonna take some um some fly wipes and then some shiny sprays just got these from smartpak i like that they're metal um just makes me feel a little better about putting them in here with stuff on top of them for some reason make sure everything's switched off so i have some gloves for liniment and poulticing just makes life easier it's probably not enough i tend to go through a ton my favorite washing curry which i wish i knew it's actually a groom of soft touch and so i wish i knew where it was from but it's from there and then this is all my leather care stuff i use primarily ethics just personal preference i really like their comedy i've always been a big fan um i used to use reusable bags like old blanket bags but i've had too many spills so that's why i use a ziploc now for this stuff i just there's nothing worse than showing up to the show with oil all over everything so we're gonna get that in there then i have horse first aids we have some vet wrap some animax voltaren not sure why it's even but it's there we have um a roll of specialist some wound stop aloo shield blue coat and then we have some neosporin somewhere in here and then some ophthalmic um eye ointment both steroidal and non-steroidal just in case since since zinn lost his eye i've been a little more paranoid about packing that kind of stuff just in case then we have basic human first aid some ibuprofen band-aids some pepto-bismol wipes you know fun stuff it's not as impressive as the horsey first aid because well horses are more important so last um this is kind of a worst case scenario this is banamine or mcflunix and meglamine um this is for colic um again worst case scenario in case anything happens it's nice to just have it and yeah so that's going to go up here because it is glass and it will be kept cold at the show so it doesn't get over 100 degrees because that's how hot it's been lately so i have a plethora of boots here for cali um these are the cavalry they're actually dressage boots but on tuesday i don't even know if i'm gonna jump to be honest she's not a horse that needs a lot of prep so why put the mileage on her legs if i don't think i need it um and then these are their their little combo bandages as well then i have just some escadron splint boots open front boots those will probably be the majority of the week along with um these veritas pro jumps um these are a medium which actually might be a little big on her but that's okay they're normally troy's and then these will also be at some point during the week these are just professional choice white uh i think they're called like the splint i don't know something but they're super super lightweight and um they're one of the only boots i found that don't rub her because she has really really small canon bones and she tends to get little rubs where the elastic is so i have to be very careful with what boots i put on her and last but not least these are just some of her equipad um brushing boots they're a small and a medium again she's a very small lady as far as her bone goes so we just have these for um flatting or if she needs a lunge one of the days that she's not getting ridden or something like that those are in there just in case we need them so normally my boot bag is this full if i have one horses or six horses or whatever i tend to put it over here i always battle it fitting and i always have to push this down really hard normally i give up looks like it's really not going to fit incredible so i guess it'll go over here so callie's going with two bridles um i guess i can move this her first bridle just a flash bridle and she has a very dirty bit at the moment don't judge i need to clean it but uh it's just a three piece lozenge five inch from core steel the other one is a three piece steuben easy it's a five and a quarter because it has bit guards this is the one that has the fixed fixed give with slight leverage um this is a figure eight bridle and then she'll go with her breastplate as well so i used to use bridal bags to me it's way easier i have this really silky satin maylor bag i just put everything on the same hook like this and then i just go from the bottom up all right and you go please fit yay finally and this little bag that i have from magic i actually use it as like my dirty rag bag i normally hang it in the grooming stall and then we just throw our dirty rags in it so um this little guy will go in here somewhere i'm sure i have it so this is some of my pad collection um i might have a bit of an equestrian stockholm problem i'm not sure um i actually got this one yesterday fun fact i've been looking for the moroccan blue for forever it's a bit of an obsession anyway so i'm going to be sticking with lemieux i absolutely love lemieux um definitely one of my favorite pads next to es they're both very near and dear so i'll be taking two white show pads um i'm gonna check these out a little later today or tomorrow to make sure that they are clean and show ready but i will be leaving them in their plastic just in case they are clean and i got this incredible bag from standard issue equestrian um and it fits quite a few pads so it's super convenient for showing then i'll also be taking my black and my gray from lemieux and these are all the close contact suede and last but not least i'll be taking the navy which is actually an equipad liner so that's cool so i'm taking all four of my cast helmets um down here i have the star lady in three different models i have the pure shine this is black um i have the pure shine and anthracite and then the far one is the rose gold and this is actually a custom this is also the star lady which is the wide brim but this is a navy mat with rose gold and swarovski crystals so this one hardly sees the light of day because it's very very special to me but it will be at the show this weekend and i'm super excited to wear it um it's definitely a statement piece for sure but i'm just very thankful for cask for sponsoring me and sending me all these wonderful helmets um they're amazing and they've protected my head more than once so i'm very thankful for that so here's cali show halter i'm gonna pull out the pimp blanket throw an extra pad out and then note to self to remind myself to clean and bring my parlantes also on my to-do list for tomorrow washing my back on track quick wraps um i'm also missing a pair meaning they're probably in one of the boys boxes and i just remembered that zinn broke this he's never touched a boot before but i had it on him like a month ago and he decided it was a good idea to like destroy it thanks zen i also have these back on track standing wraps i'm gonna give these a wash too just because they're very dusty um i think they were clean but california is very dusty place southern california particularly so i'm gonna wash those as well tomorrow so another part of packing for the show is getting the hay that we're gonna need for six days all the horses eat a little bit of a different diet so i have to figure out how many bales of alfalfa or bermuda or orchard or timothy or whatever the horses are on that we're going to need to take as well as ordering the shavings from a place fairly local to have them delivered so that all of their stalls can be bedded down um i also need to prep the water buckets to make sure all the horses have water buckets whether they're hanging or corner large you know 25 gallon buckets or so um the other thing is hoses pitch forks muck buckets wheel barrels that kind of i have to prep that as well but i can't start kind of organizing that until the night before we leave because we use all of that stuff every day like the hoses and stuff so um i'll have to do that monday night which is 24 hours from now and yeah thank you guys so much for watching and stay tuned for the next video which will most likely be the show video itself see you guys soon you

  Top Comments:
  1. @ZLEquestrian [39 likes]: Hit the like button if you also have a saddle pad addiction! :P
  2. @stefanieashworth6721 [4 likes]: Sucks you’re not taking Zynny boy.. was looking forward to seeing how he handled it! ❤️❤️
  3. @kiahgrayer5458 [4 likes]: I LITERALLY LOVEEEthat spray shampoo ur trying. My horse’s coat is shiny and conditioned not dry.
  4. @theothertargaryen [4 likes]: God I’m so jealous of this tack room because look at all those saddle pads😍
  5. @bellahuey8032 [4 likes]: Absolutely love this, leaving for a show on Thursday so this is perfectly timed!
  6. @serenityfarms6443 [1 likes]: Love your organization! 
Just FYI, dexamethasone is a steroid, not an antihistamine.
  7. @mushemclub1958 [1 likes]: Lovely!
  8. @iimdone [1 likes]: wait, shaving whiskers? D:
  9. @claires2192 [1 likes]: aww we were planning on trailering down for the nationals but we missed entries and decided to go to somewhere else instead 😕
  10. @ameliesvj3658: i love watching your videos so much 😊
  11. @thejbitranchllc5994: This will help me alot
  12. @sulaimanchiko5202: Sulaian Ahmed son
  13. @slothery4157: Me. Panicking cause I’m going to do a horse show in Yorba Linda California. My first horse show
  14. @Chezlifecoaching: Watching in England it’s so different … when you say liniment what do you mean???
  15. @syzygyfarm: I was SO happy when Voltaren became available OTC! XD
  16. @amberkeen: I don't know about used but I know in Canada and for FEI voltaren will test positive bc it's main ingredient is Diclofenac just be warned!
  17. @allybee8283: hey! you should check out hansbo products, they have quick wraps just like BOT but i’ve found them more effective for after exercise because my BOT’s created too much heat, which can cause damage to tendons!
  18. @kateb7250: I cant’s wait to watch the show video! Hope it went well! ♥️♥️♥️
  19. @e.c.squared2507: It’s so fun seeing CA horse care! I’m in the south the humidity is so bad that I wouldn’t dare leave feed in plastic bags for two weeks in the summer. The plastics bags get condensation then the feed molds. Must be nice out there 😅
  20. @jennymanwell8322: Please tell me where your sunglasses are from!

- Preparing for our first horse show! * Individual show routine * Tack Cleaning * Plaiting up *: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] something new hey guys it's harlow and today i'm going to be preparing for mine and popcorn's first ever show wow i haven't done a show for a very very long time i did loads of little shows when i was younger when somebody was leading me on this cute little pony and all i had to do was basically just look cute but now i'm older and i actually know how to ride probably and i've got my own pony to do it on i am doing my first ever show and i am so excited we've just been to my local tax store and get and we've got a few bits and bobs and we actually got a few more things that we plan to so first of all what we've got a lot to do today and first of all i need to practice my show on popcorn so i'm definitely going to be doing that more than once because yeah last time well last night we were practicing on him and there was this one pacific corner where popcorn kept on picking up the wrong counter lead and i'm like popcorn if you do this in the real show we are literally dead so i've learned to quickly pull him back into trot again but let's hope that's not going to happen on the day we're just going to go on to the correct cantor lead but anyways i'm going off on a completely different thing we need to bath him we need to get him looking stunning he already is stunning but we need to get him looking very very clean he's still very clean but he we just need to get him looking really nice and we've also got to try the products on him and yeah so i think we should get started because otherwise i am not going to have enough time so what did i say was on my list first riding popcorn i think it was so we're gonna do that first but let me just show you the few things that i got from the tack shop so first of all i bought this charles owen hat and it's meant for showing and it is absolutely beautiful and i am precious i don't want to like get it ruined or anything but i'm only going to use this for showing and it's like so silky inside and everything it's got this lace and everything i'm saying everything a lot that's my showing hat and i've never really worn a showing hat and we weren't actually supposed to get all of this we went into the shop to buy a few pacific things and we've come out with loads we do this every time when i say we it's me and my mom going off on an absolute massive shopping haul but today we've managed to retain it in slightly i say slightly that's one percent out of a hundred okay so we have first of all got this lovely sweat scraper my mum saw this and she was like and i was like oh my gosh and it's also got this really really nice like it's also got this really really nice jelly handle and it's accurate as well and popcorn looks amazing in aqua next thing we got was these gloves of my showing tomorrow and they're by rockell i'm so sorry if i'm pronouncing that wrong but yes rocal these are by roquel and yes and these are going to be my showing gloves because they're like a tanned canary sort of color so yes oh we've also another glove i know but this one it's not riding love ha ha it is a bathing glove and it's got loads of these like prickly things but they don't hurt and like i think you're supposed to squirt the shampoo onto them and then rub it in so i've never really had one of these before so it's gonna be very very interesting let's see how this goes next we have this very long girth i did say to my mom mom this girl is extremely long are you sure you've got the right size and she was like yeah yeah yeah so let's hope that that's going to be the right size and we need this for the show tomorrow because uh i think you've got to have a specific color it's either got to be white or brown so i had to quickly pick up a brown girth and then we've also got this hairbrush and i absolutely love it it's the lemur tangle tidy so that's really cool can't wait to try that out next because i have been seeing loads of people using these magic brushes but like i can't find them anywhere but in the shop i found these in like a random place and i was like mum we've got to get these i've seen so many people have been using them and they look amazing so i think they're like a mane body bath mud everything kind of brush so they're really good and thereby lamia so we're definitely going to be using those and then also we've got these have weirdly come undone but we have these stirrups and i think they're like a free breakaway because this elastic thing just comes off again we didn't need stirrups but we do need these for the show so i can't get this back on now there we go and then last of all we have a hoof oil and i need this because i'm going to be painting his white socks so they look even whiter with my brighter than white by naf and you need a brush for it so that's gonna be very useful and we've also got these and you i think you like you need these half pads for dressage so and they're both lemur and my instructor ellie actually i think has this exact one so this is going to be very exciting and this is the one that he's going to be wearing at the show tomorrow under his saddle so i've never seen one of these before it looks so nice i actually want to try this on him right now because i've never like seen a pony wear this so if you want to come on in yeah popcorn look at your new saddle pad doesn't this look amazing this is yeah i think it's by lumiere as well so it's also very fluffy you have this good old sniff does popcorn approve of the saddle pad i think he does he's given a good old long sniff is it approval popcorn i think it's an approval okay he really knows he let everyone see let me go grab the saddle and i'll see if it fits stay there i'll be a couple seconds pop one i think you can stay in your stable long enough okay i'm back i took a little bit longer because i needed to touch i needed to detach my other saddle pad okay popcorn sorry but this is going on your bum for the time being okay so the saddle pad looks really nice i'm going to try the girth on now i don't know if this is going to fit or not i think it's a little bit too long so i'm going to use my head for this because i need to multitask one goes down one stays up let's do this one up i'll put this one up on two because i think because the girth is extra long so guys popcorn is now all tacked up i can't actually see him where is he are we standing there as good as gold in solarium and now i am trying to get my dropper boots on i'm not succeeding they're brand new and i'm gonna ride in them tonight to have a little practice so i can get used to used to riding in them for tomorrow before anyone says i know i look very very very strange and i'm not miss and i am i am mismatched and i am not matching i'm just giving my boots a little trial around tonight because i've never been in like proper um chopper boots before with no chaps so it's gonna be very interesting and why isn't this going through and why i'm and while i'm trying out all of popcorn's new stuff and putting my new dropper boots on i might as well just put my gloves on to make me look even more weird [Applause] i look ridiculous don't worry on the day i'm not actually going to look like this i am going to look very smart and popcorn is going to have his manual platted and he's going to look amazing and we're going to put loads of shiny stuff on him to make him look so shiny because yeah at the moment you've got a few specks of dirt all over you popcorn so no offense popcorn but you you're getting quite dirty quite often now so i'm also going to put my hat on to make me look even more weird than i already am looking and i'm going to ride in the outdoor arena because in the outdoor there's no letters and in the show there's no letters so yeah i've got to get used to it but like i think i kind of know where all of the letters are anyways so it's not like i'm going to completely stuff up hopefully okay all right popcorn ready i really want to put hoof oil on him right now but i don't think we're gonna have time come on popcorn don't run over the mountain block and stand good boy okay i guess we're off then oh wait no not next to the stallion so i think what i'm going to do to warm popcorn up have a walk on both reins trot on both reins then canter on both reins then i'll do the test uh so now to make it a little bit more realistic my mum's said we should practice in his field this could go interesting because last time i seen popcorn in his field he bolted round the field with rome his little friend shetland pony so this should go interesting it's also a very good opportunity to practice because tomorrow it's going to be on grass and it's not going to be in a in an in arena and you get what i mean guys it's been a long day should we go that is probably going to be thinking why are we going to my field when i'm tacked up you're going to carry the tack back that might be uncomfortable but yeah so here is popcorn's field in the field that we're going to be doing it and will it have all these lumps i think popcorn's wondering what's going on right huh it's really confusing this is but we need to change the diagonal two times before we cancer oh wait yeah yeah yeah quickly come on right right ready and go is he this is fun oh my gosh popcorn i'm worn out i'm not eating with your bridal one i'm very very sorry sorry one more time i want to get it it's not counting how can we just leave it here so we're just going to practice this show again popcorn's just had a little drink and he was so cute when he drank it he looked like a little foam okay so okay now the riding is all done and it's time for a pony pamper session so whoo roll up my stirrups yeah boy okay right popcorn let's do this there's no going back after i've done this i'm gonna get this side wet first and i'm gonna shampoo hopefully popcorn will stay this clean and i've actually managed because i can't remember in which video but in one video i said to myself and i made a promise to myself that on the weekends i would always bath popcorn and look at me now i'm always bathing popcorn on the weekends it is friday night but you know popcorn's hair is going wow my sorry popcorn i'm going to get my brush oh silly popcorn it's just water we love water remember what what do you think of dawn rice oh i am getting soaked it's all running down my arm you know what i'm going to do the main in a sec why am i brushing him with the main and tail brush okay so i've got my gloves on and i've got my massive can a massive jug of naf show off shampoo so i guess sir do i put on him or my gloves probably gonna pour it on me because i don't want to overload him with shampoo okay that is eat wow this is really foaming up this smells amazing this is bum work hear us work okay the whole body is shampooed so now it's time to rinse it all off so let's get going he's had a lot of bath since he's lived with me like seriously a lot he's had four baths and we've only had him what two months i think two per month i am so excited for this show tomorrow oh my gosh it's gonna be my first ever show guys well it's not my first ever show but cause i did like a couple lead reigns when i was like two or three but potentially i'm going to be getting my first rosettes with popcorn and these are all gonna go above my bed guys i've already made a spot for them all i'm gonna treasure i'm going to treasure them like forever and like i just i can't believe it no no exciting times guys exciting times i really hope it goes well tomorrow because like he he keeps on getting the wrong counter lead when he always gets the right cantor lead so i don't know if it's just show nerves but like i'm actually quite nervous because what if we do that in the real thing like i know guys why has he started doing this tonight i don't need this popcorn i've got enough going on already fingers crossed guys wish me good luck yeah if he gets the wrong counter leading the real thing we are in trouble big time there's loads of bubbles in that patch it's basically like having a gray pony if you need to make the tail look this white like his ends are actually pretty white i mean his mane doesn't go a really really dark color when it's wet mine goes really really dark like black when it's wet okay time to rinse look at my brush i'm gonna rinse this out guys this is so funny i can actually do a pretty good horse naming sound and i think i'm gonna make popcorn full for it so let's turn that off i'm gonna hide behind the wall and do it he's wondering where it's coming from i think i need to hurry up because i think it's like half past eight at night so uh yeah i think i better get moving and don't forget we've got to wrap popcorn up in a burrito so it doesn't get dirty this brush is absolutely amazing i think it's called the lemieux tangle tidy plus it is amazing like oh my gosh i've never actually this brush is amazing they're like no other words for it it's unbelievable it works like so now i'm going to use the brighter than white math and so i wanna i don't want get it everywhere so i'm gonna use this oh that looks so clean look at that that looks amazing now i'm going to put a little bit of water into it and make it a paste ooh i think that's enough okay so now i've got the white paste here and i'm going to apply it to popcorn's socks so do i just go for it oh my gosh it's like i'm painting oh my gosh popcorn you are going to look so nice i feel like i'm an artist painting the model that i've just made if i mess this up as well popcorn's gonna look he's got a very very wonky sock me and pokemon are going to be turning up and he's going to be having the whitest feathers on earth so now i'm going to be plaiting popcorn's tail for tomorrow so it's going to be nice and wavy in the shower ring that's going in the bun popcorn there's that part and give that oh there goes the brush i can't remember if i told you but popcorn is getting platted up but not yet he's getting platted up in the morning and he isn't gonna have this in his tail either when we go to the show it's gonna be all nice and wavy and flowy and cute come on okay poppycorn you've got your naturates he hasn't tried this flavor yet so i'll give you big one first because i know you like your treats is it a yes oh he's got his thinking face on and he's licking his lips it's a yes another one and another one good boy now i have a lot to pack up and a lot to do so pop one's just drying under the solarium and i thought it would be a good opportunity to clean my attack for tomorrow so it's nice and shiny because at the moment it's got popcorn hairs all over it and we don't want that the judges definitely don't want to see popcorn's hairs so yeah let's going and i'm using the naf cleanse and condition so let's get into it and it's kind of like a clear kind of like gluey texture but it makes your attack look so shiny and it i think it also stops your like you from slipping if you don't have grips on your droppers like on my droppers here they don't have any grip so i think this will help because tomorrow i don't think i'm going to be having any grip on my droppers so yeah and what i like to do when i'm tack cleaning is roll down the stirrups and pop them over there so you can like get to over here put some there put some dare put in there puts them there put some everywhere that's popcorn clean my leather my stirrup leathers this tack is looking so shiny now thread this through and i think that that is now one side done oops oh wait i forgot to clean let me look if there's a little clean underneath here even though the judges won't see underneath there it needs to i'll roll these up now it's so slippery okay let's do this again pop my sponge up there hold this there so guys now i'm gonna do the other side and i must say my tap is looking a lot cleaner i'm gonna leave this my saddle on this stand for the morning now i need to my bridle this bridle is quite new i've only had it for not that long so it's not really dirty but i'm just making it a little bit more shiny shiny shiny for tomorrow so i also forgot to bring my brand new really really nice brow band today but in the morning when i come up here i'm not going to forget i'm gonna come up here and then i'm gonna attach it because at the moment his bridle is pretty plain the only bling and sparkle it on it is the bit so pretty plain and i'll hook this up on there and then i'll pop this sponge back popcorn is still not dry so i'm having to find other things to do for the morning to save me a job for the morning i'm going and while popcorn's also still drying i'm going to do popcorn's hay net and this is nice and fresh as well oh it's quite hot as well so i'm just gonna give him enough because popcorn's really funny he doesn't eat it when we're traveling but he loves it when we get there so guys popcorn is nearly dry i'm gonna rag him up then put him to bed um then are you doing anyways i'm gonna rock him up put him to bed you're being very weird tonight popcorn and can i say something without him yawning and my conversation's boring are they as i was saying guys popcorn is nearly dry i'm gonna rag him up put him to bed and then i'll see you guys bright and early in the morning good morning guys it's the day of the show i i'm so excited and popcorn is being all platted up he looks a little bit tired he's probably wondering why i've got up here so early and i think my brain is as well because i don't want to get up i don't think popcorn did either but we've got to get up popcorn and popcorn popcorn's chalk has also stayed on as well that's really good he's got a little bit of mud there some poo or whatever it is so i'm gonna cook up my magic brush i didn't bandage his legs up last night i used the um brighter than white's chalk my mouth and it works really well hot corn socks are now really white and they look amazing these are the whitest i've ever seen popcorn's legs look at his barbie wings you look amazing popcorn has a little bit of a tufty like hairy patch here so i'm going to spray some of this grooming spray on and let's hope it goes nice and smooth like his bum is up here i think i'm losing my voice i think he's been scratching or rubbing it i'm gonna have a look in this bag of wondrous things for my brow band i have no clue what that is oh i see it wow look at those ah these look amazing i don't want to get them dirty so i'm going to put them on here and then i've got these oh my gosh and i've got my tie just look at that though popcorn is going to look like an absolute movie star wearing these we've just got the brow band on and look how cute popcorn looks in it i actually can't cope he looks too cute i'm not gonna do up all the straps because that will just take ages but pokemon you look like an absolute show pony so now we've got to load everything up in the trailer load popcorn in the trailer um i'm probably going to get changed when i get there do a check that we've got everything and then get going so how long do we have 30 minutes okay good okay we need to get going so i'll show you what's inside this box this is all of my hair stuff i've got my hair spray my painting club time my lip balm cause my lips get really really sore i've got everything i've also got my paint club badge and then all of my 10 million hairnets so yeah put this over here so now i'm going to go get popcorn some fresh water so this is all the stuff that i'm going to be taking this is what we've got we've got the lamia hay net with popcorn's lovely fresh steamed hay in we've got my body protector i'm not sure if i need that for my working hunter class we've also got my child's own hat and my gloves are in there as well he's yawning it's not even that early in the morning popcorn and we've got also my boots my saddle which popcorn is not going to touch because i cleaned it last night and here we've got the water tub and my grooming kits my hair accessories my tie and then another grooming kit so i think that's everything oh and of course popcorn so yeah i'll probably oh yeah we've also got my buckets that are over here but us meant to be over here oh and also i've got my right my bridle so guys i'm gonna have to end today's video here i'm gonna pop all of the stuff in the trailer and yeah i am just so excited he's doing that yawning thing again and my conversation's still tiring popcorn i think that was a yes make sure you do not miss my next vlog where i'll actually be going to the show but anyways that was a massive yawn popcorn i've never seen a pony yawn that big especially through for a 13-2 so guys wish me luck for my first show and also make sure to turn on those notifications and subscribe because we are going to be having so many more exciting videos coming along so guys i'm off to the show now so i'll see you in my show video bye

- SHOW PREP VIDEO // + jump lesson: Kind: captions Language: en [Applause] [Music] Hi guys, it's Jill and today I am filming a vlog. Why you ask? Because uh I feel like it's really interesting to see how other people prepare for shows and I have a show this weekend. I could not be more excited. I love it when people stare at me. It's gonna be great. But I am beyond beyond beyond beyond beyond excited because I thought that when I went to college, I was going to live in the dorm and everything and I wasn't going to be able to show. And then I decided that I didn't like my roommate to be. So I so I decided to stay at home and now I can keep showing. I don't know why I was so stupid. How is moving out more important than showing? I was like, I don't need showing. Horses aren't enough. But I'm I could not be more excited to be going to a show this weekend, especially since I thought I wasn't going to be showing anymore and now I'm showing so there are a lot of people behind me. That's fine. Just keep staring. I am about to go to class now. I have three classes today. Then I have a jump lesson at 2:30 and then I will be packing kind of throughout the afternoon. I might have to pick up the trailer this afternoon. Um it's getting like worked on so that it's all good to go for um the trip. So I'm excited. Keep watching. Let's do this. Guys, it has been a little bit. I am out of the barn, not hanging on to my individual grabbing the rain. I'm on my way to my jump lesson. We're trying the leather bit um on a bridal. It's It's down rather loose, so it's still having the same effect, but she's not having to hold it up. It isn't show legal to not have a head stall. And it doesn't seem to be tipping the bit in a way that's uncomfortable for her. And um since it's a loose ring bit, it's not going to use the chin strap as like a curb or anything like that. So that is nice. Um but yeah, I'm going to try and get some video. I'm just wearing some new breaches I got from Noble and uh they're pretty freaking dope. They have like this little The only problem I have with them is they make a windshield wiper sound when you post. They go I have on these Veritus boots and they're the like adjustable ones and they are not mine. They're my Coaches and she's selling them for 400. If anybody's interested, feel free to DM me on Instagram jetventing. Um, so I'm going to hop on the bean and uh going to jump some stuff. Heat. Heat. Heat. You saw the leather bit and most of you know that I have been riding in it. I just put it like this on my bridal. I'm not sure if I have to have a nose band. I got to rule check. Um, but it's just chilling on my bridal. It's not tilting weird in her mouth or anything like that. And she goes basically the same. Um, she actually didn't come behind the vertical as much with it um not being free hanging in her mouth. So, that was actually kind of a win-win situation. But yeah, so now I just have to give her a bath and um rude. Give her a bath and work on her mane a little bit more because it is quite choppy. And then then I can start cleaning my tack and packing. Like we our lesson was probably 15 minutes. Like she was so good and why drill it. Now it's bath time. Bath time. Cuz somebody's a little dusty, little crusty. Give treats. give options cuz he was so good. I'm going to change shoes. Yes, I am wearing chos. Don't do this. Don't follow my example. It's bad. All right. I'm lazy and it's my foot. Okay. And um the shampoo I'm using is this Aquis Microte Ecoin shampoo. No, I don't I don't know what it does. I don't know what the shower Beep beep. Back up. Here they go. Somebody forgot to mix up the O3 animal health. Boo. You get it. I always clean my bits before they go in my horse's mouth, but uh they are a little gross after they've each had their last ride. This is my uh Dr. bit. It's a niche deenki. Then show jump is this the leather one. My cross country bit is just a simple snapple. So they're all a little gross. So, I'm going to empty this and then set them in some hot water so they can degunk. Ow. Always be religious about cleaning your hor's pits because it goes in their mouth. And who wants sharp, dried, pokey grass in their mouth or old grass? You don't put old food in your mouth. bit. Both of my saddles out currently. So wet. Yes, you are. This smells and looks horrible. Bath time for you. Okay, so I have my sport essentials coat spray, fungus spray, and hoof oil to put on Zoe when I get her back out. I have my clippers in here. And I just got to do a few things. Heat. Heat. N. Heat. Hey, Heat. Yeah, I met you. So, I just realized I forgot to put this on Zoe, but now it has to come with me. To oil my tack, I used this pure needs foot oil and um got everything all softened in my leather. Gave it a drink. I'm going to use this leather therapy restore and conditioner um and throw it on top of all of that and hopefully give my tag a really nice look. Um my everyday halter over here is rather dry, so I'm going to go ahead and oil that as well. And if some of you are wondering what I use on my leather bit, we use sunflower oil. Hey guys, I am going to pack the trailer and I will show you what that looks like after. It's kind of busy over there. So, I'm not going to try and set up my camera. So, just say a second. It'll be like a second for you. It'll be like 10 minutes for me. Okay. Okay. Sunny came. So, she's got her trunk there and mine's here. And then we kind of just shoved all of our stuff in and around. Um, my bridals are packed there. I got my cavalerie half pad. the Veritus booths that I might be riding in. All of my show pads are up there. Then I've got blankets and coolers down there. And um that pretty much does it for in here besides closet stuff. Then over here in the back, I have my mine too there. And then Sunny's are up there in the aisle. I have my Noble Fly mask, Endorfly spray, and a Daku halter. That was a gift. And it is a very beautiful gift. I like it so much. But yeah, I'm pretty much ready to rock and roll. That is the trailer. And uh Zazu is somewhere out in her field chilling way out there doing the bean. Now we're going to head home and I am going to finish packing my stuff, guys. So I have just made it home and um before I start doing laundry, um what am I doing? I'm getting this. Get what? Oh, this one's bigger. Okay, great. This one. Um, but my mother said I'm not allowed to do laundry until she finishes hers. So, um, right now I'm going to polish and relace my boots and um, yeah, that's that's that's going to be an interesting challenge because they currently look like this. They look like garbage. And the lacing is just hit an alltime alltime low. you know, John Bellian or the band, whatever you want. So, I'm gonna get to work on that. I don't know why my hair insists on doing that. Um, okay. So, uh, it's many hours later. Still wearing the same clothing and I feel disgusting and I have boot polish all over me because my boots are now clean. And I have rolled up my white polos. And I don't know about you guys, this is a magic bag, but I have like at least 14 billion,175 drawstring bags. Like, where do they come from? I don't know. Why do I have so many? I don't know. I just hoard them and stick them inside of each other and then they multiply exponentially. Also, I have my show bag here. And then here's my sunglasses peeping through. And then my tripod there and then my big tripod over here with my camera bag. I'm charging an extra camera battery and my wait for it helmet cam. This is what brand it is. I don't know that they make mine anymore, but um you stick on one of these to your helmet and then um you put your thing in a visa and then you click and then voila helmet video. And so I have had it and I just haven't felt like using it. But now I'm going to going to try and uh hopefully it will be dope and you guys will enjoy it. And then over here in this corner of my room, we have the thing that I should have shipped out a week ago for the giveaway winner. And did I do that? No. And then I have the things I need to pack here and things that are already packed here. And Then I have my outfit. I'm gonna wear this and that. And let me tell you something about packing for stupid weather. Stupid weather is when it's 40 in the morning and 80 midday because it's cold and it's hot. I can't do that. And I don't need everybody commenting and saying, "You think 80° is hot? Where I come from 140 degrees is cold. You think 50° is cold? Um, where I come from, -274° is warm. Okay, don't come for me. All right, my body tells me it was hot and cold, and that's all that matters. I don't know why you got to make my cold your cold. All right, and suddenly Puddles is going all the accessories because what really matters about horse shows? It's not the writing. It's accessories and shoes and the back braces cuz we're 18 and we're already dying. I don't know if it's really worth saying, but um I took a shower. I'm going to sit here in front of me laptop and um write two papers and then edit this video because um I have two papers due like the 11th, I think. Yeah. So Monday is the 11th and I have two papers due then and I don't want to even be thinking about them while I'm at Donbeck. So I'm just going to go ahead and knock them out now and um it's going to kill me. But they're it's not long and it's not that strenuous on the brain. So I'm just going to go ahead and knock those out and um keep repeating myself for the next 10 minutes and then I'm gonna edit this video and hopefully get it up tonight so that you guys can watch it on Friday. Lol. Are you funny? While I am on my way to the show and know what's up with the show prep. So, basically to recap, um, what I did is I packed all of my show clothes last night and started my laundry earlier in the week so that I could have them packed and not have to redo laundry at the last minute. Today, gathered up all my tack um, cleaned it, cleaned my bits, cleaned my tack, oiled it, conditioned it. I polish and shine my boots and I relaced them because um my laces were dry rotting and were really nasty. Um and then I just have everything in order. And I didn't film much of like what I did while I was at home because when I'm at home and I like get in the like OCD organize things mode, I just go go go and I don't speak to anyone and I don't do anything except organize. So yeah, that's sort of what happened. Um but yeah, I just pack all of my stuff and um I can link you guys to the USing um checklist down below if that is helpful to you guys. If you're checklisty people like me, I will link that down below. And um yeah, so just make sure that you guys um are subscribed if you want to see more content from me and this nice wet head. You know what I'm saying? Um, so I'm going to eat my banana and milk and then um get after these papers. So, um, thank you guys so much for watching. Make sure you hit subscribe if you want to. Um, I know it's annoying, but I also have merch if you want to check that out. It's the link. It's also down there and all my social media if you need to get in contact with me or you'd like to inquire about my trainers boots, hit me up on Instagram. Okay, this has been so long. I'm so sorry. Okay, I love you all. Thank you so much for watching, honestly. Okay. Goodbye. Go up. Hi everybody. Okay. That's right. Why is my hair gross? I'm going to kill this. I'm going to kill everything. I'm going to kill everything. Going to kill it. I'm going to kill it. There's so many gloves today. And lowering. You know what? Can you see even? Oh my god, everything is being so annoying. Okay.

  Top Comments:
  1. @equinebeautyy [1 likes]: You are so pretty!
  2. @charlotte3ee [1 likes]: I love You and zoë so munch you make a great team💖😊you guys taught me and my horse a lot to 
Thank you💖
  3. @missxenon1271 [1 likes]: when the music started playing I thought something was wrong with my computer and started freaking out lol
  4. @stephaniefreeman7620: You are hilarious I love your vlogs💟🙏🐎🏇🐴💓💞😎
  5. @deniseoverbeck6266: And yet , this is a popular channel 😃
  6. @1crazyeventer43: I take a bottle and mix a cup of Listerine then fill the rest of the bottle with water. I then use a toothbrush and spray my bits then scrub them dip them in water and done
  7. @loriklein5453: Our commonalities would be the cleaning OCD..and organizing.
Look forward to more videos.. Your funny..
  8. @eponamiller5687: I can’t tell whether your foreign or not
  9. @haillielowther8504: I love you and your horse so much!
  10. @yolandathomas-going8609: show r u so smort and clever and pretty??????????/
  11. @mayakozauer5615: what college do u go to?
  12. @sarahsteele6935: Why don’t you tie them up when bathing a tacking?
  13. @k1ngd0mh34rts1: thought my headphones broke xD
  14. @BlackPony96: What brand are your saddles?
  15. @ievazuriukas3959: You're a good youtuber! Hope you get more subscribers soon, you deserve em! (AlsoSaveMeIJustStartedTakingHorsebackRidingLessonsAndMyAnxietyIsMakingItWorseThenItHasToBe >.<)
  16. @danithebreyerlover4350: Im getting my first lesson soor too!!
  17. @justachannelaboutwhatever2662: Why do people dislike these videos??
  18. @ryleesmith1489: you should teach you pony how to ground tie
  19. @godlovesyou3932: My strange addiction. On this episode Jill treece addicted to drawstring bags. Could also be a hoarders episode too.
  20. @ellemcbrown3802: Another great vid😍🦄

- What To Check Before You Get on Your Horse: Kind: captions Language: en this topic is about highlights and general tips prior to mounting horsemanship what you should be looking for with your horse and be aware of and Equipment check which is very important feeling your horse's legs knowing there's no heat in them no swelling check your pads frequently these are not very expensive but they get very expensive in the ring if you lose them here's a rubber snaffle it looks nice and Mild we flip it over and look at that sharp edges this is going to irritate the corners of a mouth you can scan the horse analyze everything and make sure that if something goes wrong you're the pilot it's really your responsibility screencoach.com get ready to win

- Post-Fair Show Prep Vlog | Horse Show Prep | TheSkirtRider | The Skirt Rider: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hello and welcome to my post show prep after parking my car in the driveway i took everything out of my car that either needed to go back to the barn or in the house with my other show stuff i accidentally dumped hay crumbs from my hay bag into my trunk so i made sure to vacuum the floor clean next i worked on organizing my bridal bag and switching my western bit from my show head stall to my training heads doll i have a western show headstall that uses california screws to attach the bit so here i'm unscrewing the california screws and removing the bit my training bridle uses tassels of leather to tie the bit onto the headstone reigns so i'm finishing that up as well because i used my bond trunk doing fair i got my show trunk out of my room so i could refill it with all of the tack and supplies that i use that fair i spent some time vacuuming the inside and organizing all of my stuff inside the trunk the things that normally go inside my show trunk include my horse show kit showmanship hat english pads western pattern pad and my western show headstall then i washed gooses back on track boots and sleazy so they are ready for the next show and that's about it thank you for joining me on my post show breath

- Horse Show Checklist: Kind: captions Language: en all right um we're going to show you like our show checklist this is all the stuff we usually take we have an all right first we take like our show halters and we have an extra nylon halter to um just in case something happens to this one and we have an extra Le rope all right and we always try not to drop it yeah try not to drop all right but we always take fly spray because um our hor always kick it and we don't want them to kick anybody all right and for banding we'll show you how to band sometime ooh look it even comes with Clips we haven't used it yet so we can't wait but um we have like all this stuff and we uh ban them or sometimes we braid them it depends on what show we're going to and for washing we take some Cowboy magic shampoo o it's rose water rose water and some conditioner rose water still Y and we always take Shen yeah but don't put it on their back because bad experience fall off thing all right and we use whitening shampoo our horses don't have a lot of white on them but they have some white on their legs and their faces which is nice to get it off with yeah touch up for their legs we don't use this a lot now you know what to do you do not bathe with that white stuff okay cuz I did it and it was all mixed up yeah well Lex is not too smart but this is oh and so you know it's $4.99 oh yes it says $1.99 what all right and we always take this stuff I don't think it helps too much but I guess we're supposed to use it whacking our Hooves ooh and this stuff smells so good it does you want to smell o it looks G smells good it's for um their nose and like around their eyes and stuff to make them look shiny yeah all right and here's a scrap and here's a hose of course yep oh and we always take put them in blankets and stuff this is our newer blanket oh and there should be a sinky down here this was just for States because we didn't have a different Jesus so inside out we just take a slinky forther man and stuff you and don't forget your saddle and saddle pad yeah that's not our show saddle it's kind of tiny the little yeah look it Bridal and stuff like that yeah there's the path yeah Katie got into it so FYI our little sister oh and don't forget their food this is not whole stuff we fill it with food you SE them yeah this is our food yeah we just shove some of that oh and we always take this big bad full brushes and baby powder and crazy hey look there's the show Sheen again yep leather punch thing yeah whatever and stuff like that well bye guys by and do you have any requests for videos please tell us please call for Bella for Bella

  Top Comments:
  1. @ScreamPhynex: OTTER! It's Galli xD

- Schooling Show Day: Kind: captions Language: en in today's video i'm going to share with you some of the scenes some of the experiences and lessons from the schooling show that i just went to with my horse on saturday may 1st so stick around [Music] my name is marilyn lombardi and this is my straight egyptian arabian mayor pippa this was our first show in almost three years so i had no idea what to expect friday we actually celebrated pippa's birthday she got a bath we had our final lesson and finished up our preparations for saturday since this was just a day show we didn't have a huge list of things to bring but it's still very important to have a checklist of everything that you will need so you don't forget anything i actually forgot to load a mounting block so i used the uh flatbed of a truck to get on my horse which was fine worked out fine my friend ally rode her horse gwen and she did a great job her first show in over three years i think so she did excellent her dad actually trailered both our horses which i really appreciated our trainer braided both of our horses saturday morning and then we hit the road pippa was pretty tense at this show which did not surprise me but she didn't do anything super bad she didn't bolt she didn't spook in the warm-up arena she didn't spook in the tests we did make a couple of mistakes but now we know the things that we need to go home and work on which is exactly what a schooling show is all about i have included some scenes from the show ground a little bit of one of ali's tests a little bit of one of my tests and some pictures so you can enjoy the show scenes if you liked today's video please give it a thumbs up if you're getting value from it please subscribe to a life with horses so you don't miss any future videos and pippa and i look forward to seeing you in the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @peterarcher6747 [1 likes]: Lovely video. Can you tell me why horses have their manes braided for shows?
  2. @melaniefarber7381 [1 likes]: Ok. Saw it. Very interesting. Now I see how difficult it must be for both rider and horse. How many years is average required for a horse to become accomplished at dressage an to show and compete at the highest levels ?
  3. @jimcornely4222: Nice soundtrack..how old is Pippa now?

- The Pro Rider Stable Checklist What Most Riders Skip: Kind: captions Language: en Hello to all you dear riders, I hope you're doing well and have had a very good sporting week behind you. Have you ever tested yourself to see how professional Who are you? What is the very first thing you do when you enter the stable? Is it checking your horse's limbs? Is it that you give your horse a gentle pet? Or is it carefully checking the horse's automatic waterer, and the stable bedding? Which of these is a priority for you? Or do you just tell the groom or your assistant to prepare and saddle up your horse for you? Which one is it that you always choose? If it's truly and deeply important to you, that your horses progress, you should know that success isn't just formed in training and competition, but success begins when you enter your horses' stable early in the morning. A professional rider performs these tasks precisely. They always start the week by testing the horses' condition. Each horse is brought out for a lameness test at a trot so that any movement issues or hidden pain they might have can be identified in this state and during this check. You you must know exactly what happened to the horses on the day off and how much the training week you've completed has put pressure on them, on your horse, and whether your horse is now ready for new training and detailed short-term planning for the entire upcoming week or not. Great riders also thoroughly check and examine your horse's muscles, during that same early-week test, and finally they check the condition of the hooves and shoes. You know that the welfare of every horse must be a rider's priority. This is about maintaining the standard that every horse deserves. And these aren't a one-person job; rather, a successful horse is the result of a three-way collaboration: a precise trainer, an experienced farrier, and a caring veterinarian. If a horse becomes a champion, it means a team has become champions. Now, let's take a closer look at a real-world example. We have a highly accomplished rider named Peder Fredricson , who is a world-class Swedish rider and a multi-time Olympic medalist. Every single Monday morning, he carefully checks all of his horses to monitor their health. To do this, he uses the innovative Sleip app to analyze their movement. and utilizes the software to very thoroughly analyze the horse's various gaits and specific movement patterns. This application helps, him and his team identify any changes in the horses' movement patterns and take the necessary actions on time. He also strongly emphasizes the importance of providing the most natural living conditions for horses. He always keeps his horses in pairs in the pastures so that they can stay social, they can benefit from social interaction and natural movement. He also acts flexibly when it comes to shoeing, and depending on his horse's needs, he uses traditional shoes, plastic shoes, or even competes without shoes in competitions. The rider leaves nothing to chance; from nutrition to shoe adjustment, from the stable environment to the horse's psychological state, everything is under the rider's control. Because as Peder Fredricson says, the rider must take responsibility for their horse's health, not just leave it to the vet. Well, this is the professional assessment table, where exactly do you fit in? What's your first question for the groom and the rider? Do you ask them anything at all? Or do you just ask if the horses are good or bad? Or do you get to work and check the horses yourself; the feed status, the horse manure, and the bedding? Which one is more important to you? The next question is, does your week start with inspecting and checking the horse or not? Or do you only care about competition horses? Do you just give the others a quick, superficial glance? What is today's training based on? Is it random, or based on the feeling you have for your horses? Or is it based on muscle condition and the training goal you have for each horse? There are a few key questions you should ask yourself every day: How's my horse today? Is it tired, lame, or energetic? What training did it have yesterday? Does it need recovery today or serious training? Was the stable environment Is everything calm and quiet? Were there any water or power outages? Is our horse riding equipment okay? Is today's scheduled program mental training, aerobic, or training for more control? during jumping? Every day, the water and feed status as well as the horse's bedding must be checked. Sometimes some grooms don't do their job well, and it's your duty to check everything every day. The horse should have daily contact with you, not just during training. Don't forget that behavioral or even sexual issues in horses, like heat stress or seasonal arousal, can completely change that day's training. Sources like the A-A-E-P emphasize that understanding behavioral and physiological cycles of horses must be examined by the coach, and this is mandatory. If you've seen our previous videos, you know that being professional isn't just about riding skills; it depends on daily attention, scientific planning, effective teamwork, and understanding the horse's unique psychology and body. How do you start your horse's sports and training week? Please share with us in the comments section below about the program and routine that you consistently implement and follow for your sport horses. Especially if you have a tip that you know few people pay attention to, be sure to share it with us. Until the next videos, and as always, good luck with your timing. We are here to talk about the experiences of different trainers; important things that need to be heard more.

- My Horse Show Check List: Kind: captions Language: en hello everyone welcome back to ravers Mead um I'll apologize if it's kind of loud and not quite good on the audio today the motorway is really noisy and it's really really windy as well so I'm kind of sat down here kind of behind the stables at the moment hoping it might be a little bit quieter I'm a little bit more out of the wind but yeah apologies in advance if it sounds a bit rubbish today guys um so today's video um I just wanted to talk to you guys a little bit about um the things you need to take with you when you go to a horse show um so we went to our first show a couple of weeks ago and we forgot a lot of stuff so I have done myself a little list for this weekend um I did have a list last year I don't know where it went or what happened to it but I've redone My little show day list I felt like I need to print a copy of this art and laminate it and keep it down here somewhere so we've got it well that's a good idea actually if it was laminated we could then tick them all off with like a whiteboard marker and then we could rub it off afterwards and use it in for the next show see that is a good plan that is a very good plan um but for today I'm just going to use my good old pen and paper so yeah lots of things you're going to want to take with you when you go to a horse show and just realized I can probably just prop Heaven on there can prop Kevin on there so I'm just going through my little list I've got a load of stuff out here going through my list right now so I've got kind of tax stuff and groomingy stuff and peopley stuff and then stuff for the horse so I would say the stuff of the horse is probably the most important list for going to a show um so regardless of how far you're traveling how long you think you're going to be gone even if you think you're only going to be gone for like an hour tops I would always take these horsey Essentials with me just in case because you never know you might get delayed you might get caught in traffic you might have a breakdown um so I've got hay on here okay water and so we'll take a couple of hay notes with us a couple of big Nets um I always take at least one of these full of water I'm so sorry about the wind everyone see that's that's how windy it is right now a good day for this did I um so yeah a couple of Nets a hair at least one can of water if we're taking more horses it obviously would take more water um I always remember to take a bucket with you as well for the water done that before where we've gone to give the horse a drink and we're like ah damn we didn't bring a bucket that was dumb so the bucket is on my list now um pooper scooper and a big truck to put your poops in um yeah like one of them always always always take a pooper scooper with you especially if you're showing because the last thing you want is for your horse to do a poop in the trailer and then you leave the poop in the trailer and then the horse stands in the poop especially if you've got feathered horses like ours with white legs you don't want them smushing the poop around into their feathers so always take a pooper scooper always take a bucket to put the poop in uh yeah so a lot of venues um get a bit funny about you leaving poop behind hence we always take the big bucket with us um some places don't have a problem with it like some places will go around doing like collections they'll bring a wheelbarrow around throughout the day and you can offload your poop onto them and they'll take it away to the monkey but a lot of places ask you to take it with you um so always take a very big bucket for that um it's useful to have a big bucket for other reasons as well if you're a horsey person you'll kind of get that reference and if you're not a horsey person then you just don't need to know um so hey water um bucket of water pooper scooper um treats always take treats with me I've actually got treats on pocket now I think yes I have got trees in my pocket now because we had the vet this morning so blue and stuff he had their vaccination so they had sweeties um but I always keep treats especially for show days because you know if yours does good you want to give them a sweetie that's all I do anyway um and I've got I've got one more item on the sort of the horsey list which is bucket feed um so I put a question mark by that one because I wouldn't always take a bucket feed um it depends like if we know we're gonna be away for most of the day then I would probably take their bucket feed with them just so they can have their tea at a relatively normal time um obviously if you're schedule for the day permit them to have those tea at the normal time and but you know if if we're going to be back within a reasonable hour I probably wouldn't bother to take their bucket feed and so that's that's kind of my my horsey Essentials list um and then everything else is kind of relevant to the uh the main event so first one we've got is Bridal um which needs a really really good clean yeah I think oh just I got chalk all over it last time it just it didn't go well so that needs a really really good polish and that's going to be one of my jobs for this evening actually and so I put saddle on here as well and saddle pad because yes I have forgotten to take cassava pad with me before to a show before whoops um so yeah saddle and saddle pad not relevant for us for this show because it's in hand showing but yeah you'd be surprised how often people get to shows and realize they forgotten their attack so it seems silly to put it on the list but I feel like it belongs on the list uh spare ourselves any uh problems um and I always take a spare head collar and a spare Lee broke with us to shows now as well as the one that the horse is wearing because we've had a few problems in the past with Mr blueberry uh he's really good at breaking things he is just a one-man Wrecking Ball and he's broken head collars at events in the past and we've had to go buy stuff there and it was just lucky that the events he's done it at happen to have like trade stamps so we could buy another one so I've learned the lesson the hard way keep a spare head collar and a spare Lee wrote in the trailer just in case blue does a blue um I've got lunge line as well um I see we didn't take this to the last show and I really could have used having a lunge line um when I was warming him up I mean I don't know if we were technically supposed to be lunging in that Arena I didn't really specify but even if I wasn't intending to actually lunge him it would have been nicer to have a longer lead rope just so that I could get more than you know three foot away from the bronking idiots yeah if you haven't seen our last show Vlog it the warm-up was interesting to say the least he was very fresh and I wish I had a longer rope so below the long long line lunch rope whatever we'll call it that is back on the list historically I've usually taken a long line out to help with loading problems with Woody um he's quite a bad loader and it's just it's easier to have a long line so you can just kind of go in the box and kind of coax him in and it's just it's easier I like having them offline um and a couple of other things on the list I put that one on the wrong list I've got showcase on that list although I suppose a showcase kind of counts as tack um but yeah I've got showcane on there obviously for in hand or written showing you probably are going to want to take a fancy show playing with you and I've got a couple of other things on this list um rugs so I always take a stable rug I mean to be fair most people when they travel their horse they put a stable rug on them when they travel them anyway so that might be a bit of an irrelevant Point your horse might already be aware of one um but we also take a turnout rug with us just in case it rains because there's nothing worse than getting your horse all ready and you're waiting by the show ring waiting for a class to finish or whatever maybe it's one of those venues where you're parked like half a mile away from the showroom and you just have to hover somewhere closer um so you know you don't miss your times and worst thing ever is when you're hovering waiting to go into your class and the heavens open and your horse gets soaked so always keep your turnout Grog um for days out just so we can keep them dry and clean especially if you've got a horse actually that doesn't like to go back on the Lorry in a hurry again Woody using Woody as an example here like with blue we can just Chuck him back in the trailer or back in the Lorry he's quite happy to go in and out doesn't bother him but Woody will just stand there and end up looking like a drone rat Blossom so turnout rug definitely a useful thing to have um so yeah on to the next little section of my uh list I've got here um grooming kit I should probably specify on there that it should be a clean grooming kit um so I've just got a mixture of brushes in mind I don't actually take that many brushes for showing because generally speaking of horses are really clean by the time we can get them back um so I always keep a Magic Brush in there see these need cleaning from last time actually um I've got um I've got a Dandy brushable body brush I've got a couple of mittens in there as well like for sort of um toiling and polishing them up making them all nice and shiny um and lots of cloths always keep lots of cloths in there baby wipes as well I actually put baby wipes as a separate item because I didn't have any usable baby wipes in my grooming kit for the last show they don't kind of dried up where it was they were just older yeah so fresh packet of baby wipes must have um towels and I haven't actually got any towels out yet just realized good job I put it on my list um towels are a must-have just for wiping the horses polishing them they're just they're useful as well like if you're talking like if you've got Gypsy fobs and you're talking you get plastered so it's kind of nice to have a towel to you know clean yourself up a little bit didn't have that last show and uh I looked like a Yeti woman basically it wasn't good uh what else have I got on this list so some sort of Coach sign or grooming spray or oil we like to sort of hot oil them that's always a good one I prefer using oil over grooming spray products just because it's a bit more natural coconut oil has many favorite things so I need to remember to pack my coconut oil um shampoo and or some kind of stain remover just in case you get to the show and realize you've got dirty marks somewhere so I can't remember I said chalk already but you guys are kind of sat on the top at the moment so I'm not going to show you it but probably not relevant if you don't have feather courses um but that is a must-have for us don't fall over Kevin crazy weather uh and the last thing I've got on this little list is fly spray I'm not gonna take any to this show just because the time of year but in the summer it is so important to make sure you take fly spray just so your horse isn't getting like harassed by insects all day and also Sun cream but I put Sun cream on on my human list for some reason but you know Sun cream for humans and for horses would be advisable in the summer months um and now my last little bit on my list is like peopley stuff um food and drink now I am rubbish for remembering to eat on show days Mama usually gets like a greasy burger or a bacon butter or something but I don't eat that um I don't eat meat so ugh you know I get a bit funny with food like if they've got chips I'll get chips but I forget to eat a lot of the time at these uh at these events so must remember to pack and take snacks and water we always forget to drink on show days as well and then we get halfway through and we've all got splitting dehydration headaches you think we would have learned by now but we don't so it's going on the list um money as well oh my goodness um yeah money as well always take some cash with you and or your bank card um there might be like we've got caught out before where they've been hidden like first aid costs or something like that or you might want to buy some photos on the day or you might want to buy some food there might be trade stands there so always take some cash with you or take your card with you most places do take part now to be fair but some don't steal so I you know cash and card maybe but about um what else have I got on here um show clothes obviously you need to remember to take show clothes human waterproof so we talked about taking waterproof to the horse definitely take human waterproofs as well um nothing worse than getting soaked to your skin and then having to spend another two hours at show ground that's just not fun uh what else have I got on here chairs we forgot the chairs last time because we're idiots luckily Ian bought some um he had her back there but yeah chairs definitely there's a lot of sitting around with all shows so you want something comfy to sit on preferably so get some good fold-up chairs and take them with you um passport horse passport always take your horse passport whenever you're traveling your horse you put that on my list we're usually pretty good at remembering but we have forgotten a few times now whoops um a couple of other random things I've got on here um oh leather polish yeah don't want to forget the leather polish like for polishing the attack and polishing your boots at the last minute and a hole punch like we had somebody ask us at our show like if we had a hole punch and it suddenly dawned on me that that's probably something we should keep in our show kit all right I got one last thing oh no two last things I missed something I missed something off one of my other lists Clippers or trimmers in this case um yeah trimmers or scissors always take some kind of cutting tool with you preferably trimmers just because they're a bit more versatile like you can cut you can tidy up names and tails with these if you need to as well as tidying up any any sort of nips or messy bits on their coat um yeah always worth keeping a small pair of of trimmers in your showcase I mean these don't live in our show care but I'm definitely going to take them with us tomorrow and the last thing on here kind of a lull item but it has turned out to be a necessity on some occasions uh it's painkillers human painkillers because if you're having a rough day and your horse is being a pain in the backside hiking was a couple of weeks ago and uh you know he squishes you into a wall and you end up running for 20-30 minutes with him and you you pull all your tendons and you know your arms getting pulled out of its socket and then he goes and stands on your mum's foot as well and you know cripples her temporarily so you know when when you're having that kind of day it's really nice if you have some painkillers in here in your grooming kit to just you know neck a few so you can survive the rest of the day so that's yeah that that deserves to live on the list I think painkillers must live in that box especially when showing blue not so concerned when we take the others out but especially when we're showing blue [Laughter] just goes to show how much fun showing the horses is right and so yeah that's kind of that's my little list that's my little show list oh this wind sucks people I feel sorry for blue having to have a bath in this this evening I'm gonna get some chili blossom plus there's not cold out to be fair it's actually about 14 15 degrees it's just really really windy uh he'll dry quickly though I suppose you know that's the flip side of it so yeah that's uh that's my little show day list yeah I think I'm gonna post this in our little oh what was that playlist I started beginner's guide to show him home so that was it I think I'm gonna post this in that little playlist um just because I feel like if you've not done much showing before or you've not done much competing before this might be helpful for people um just to give you an idea of the kinds of things you need to be thinking about taking with you when you're traveling your horse um now this list as well this is for like day traveling this is for like a day show not a stay-over show if you're planning on going to a two three day events where you're sleeping over and you're also staying over as well then there's going to be a whole load of other stuff that you need to think about I mean you'd be wanting to take wheelbarrow substantially more hay um lots of lots more bucket feeders wow you'd be needing to think about bedding um yeah all sorts of other things you need to think about but this is just this is just for a day out basically so yeah I hope that helps um if anybody's never gone anywhere with their horse before this is a pretty good starting point for you just to help you figure out what you need to take with you um yeah thanks for watching today guys and I'll see you on our next video bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @wp7587 [1 likes]: Fab list, did you say extra elastic or string for you number, not always provided👍😘
  2. @Siobhan_Shivaun [1 likes]: Not going to lie, I was very distracted by the bale wrap flapping around...I've seen enough sci-fi to imagine it was going to wrap itself around you, and you'd get super powers of some sort.

(slightly disappointed that didn't happen)

🤣🤣

- What to Look For When Buying a Horse: Kind: captions Language: en if you're in the process of looking for your first horse then this video should be able to help you know what to look for when you actually go and you look and try out horses so starting off if this is your first time looking at horses and going to try them out I highly recommend taking along either your instructor or a trainer or just any other experienced horse person with you the reason for this is because they may be able to pick up on some stuff that you won't be able to and it's just also nice to have that second opinion along with you so find that person before you head out and look for horses and make sure that you include them in this process how it goes when you usually go to look for a horse is you get to the stable and the seller already has the horse out tied up or in their stall so we're gonna go walk and see Tucker here hi bud there's some things you're going to want to look for when you first meet the horse so number one is how does the seller react around the horse so if the person selling the horse is really comfortable around the horse and they're petting them and you know they're walking behind them you know that's usually a good sign that they think the horse is safe to be around another thing to look for is how sleepy or tired the horse seems and the reason this is so important is unfortunately in the horse World some horses will get drugged or sedated when people come to try them out because the owners just want the person to like the horse some signs of this is if the horse's head is hanging low and they're just like this and their lip is kind of hanging and they just seem really out of it that and that was funny that Tucker put his head down when I was doing that that's usually a sign that the horse may be drugged so definitely look out for that as you're first meeting the horse you can be asking the seller questions just to kind of get a feel for what all they know about the horse of course you can ask the age the experience of the horse how long the seller has had the horse I feel like that one's important because if they haven't had the horse that long you know you want to know why like if the person's just a seller to where they're bringing horses in and selling them and making a profit that's one thing and they're probably also not going to know too much about the horse on that aspect if it's a private sale and they just got the horse and they're wanting to sell the horse that probably means that they're not getting along with the horse so you just want to look for things like that as well there's some things you can research beforehand that can really give you some Clues as to you know whether the information you have about the horse is truth if you look at the angle of the horse's teeth and how the horses kind of come together that can tell you how old the horse is so the younger the horse is the straighter their teeth will be and as the horse ages their teeth are going to start going like this so that's one thing you can look at another thing is like in for example in geldings they get canine teeth and their canine teeth should be grown in by the time they're four so I can look at a horse's mouth while a gelding's mouth and see if they have those canine teeth and then I can know okay well they're at least four years old now this will give you the horse's exact age but it should be able to give you kind of like a ballpark range as to how old the horse is another thing you can look at that will kind of give you a clue into the horse's health is by looking at their feet I love you too and you'll get attention so a horse's feet can say a lot about them this is just my personal experience but what I always do when I look at horses is I look to see how good their feet are and what I mean by that is number one how big the horse's feet are in comparison to their body the bigger the feet the better is usually in my opinion if the horse has smaller feet you know that can restrict some circulation and things like that so Tucker's feet are pretty normal for his size another thing to look at is how dished the horse's foot is so if the horse's foot has a nice kind of dish on the sole in my experience it's not that I'm gonna avoid a flat-footed horse but just what I've seen working with horses for years is that flat-footed horses May tend to have health problems down the line so in my experience and like I said this could be totally false but this is just what I personally do is I want a horse that has a nice shape and dish to their feet I look at that because I do think it really impacts their health down the line and so I always look at things like that just to kind of help me make a decision now it's time to get on and ride and try out the horse and so the first thing I would recommend always do always always always do is make the seller get on the horse first and you can watch them ride the horse the reason for this is if the seller isn't willing to get on the horse you shouldn't be willing to get on the horse another reason you can do this is because it'll help you see some things in the horse that you may not pick up in the saddle so you can see how sound the horse is you can see how the horse moves or responds to things a little better Tucker you are just fidgety today bud and so always always have the person who is offering the horse for sale get on and ride first after the seller rides the horse if the horse is all good it behaves itself everything like that then your experienced horse person who came with you should get on the horse and ride first the reason for this is hopefully I would think that the experienced horse person you brought along knows your level and what you're at and they should be able to tell from riding the horse whether it would be a good fit for you and whether you should even get on it or not because some horses you know they'll appear they're good horses but they may just be a little bit more advanced for someone who's looking for their first horse once they've all ridden the horse now it's your turn to get on so you can get on and the first thing I would do when I'm trying out a horse is I'm going to see how well they respond to the basics so I'm going to ask the horse to go forward I'm going to ask the horse to come to a stop I'll ask the horse to trot and stop Cameron stop I'll turn left I'll turn right I'll ask the horse to back up one very important thing is if the horse is being offered for sale as a jumper or a trail riding horse make sure you do those things when you're trying out the horse so if it's offered as a jumper make sure you go over jumps the reason for this is many people may offer a horse as something but in reality the horse is not that so you want to make sure you're getting a horse that you need so if you want a jumper horse you need to make sure that horse has been trained to jump and it can jump this is especially important for trail riding horses because many people will claim to have an amazing trail riding horse but if you go and try the horse and you never leave the arena you're never gonna know so that's why it is very important to do that you want to make sure that horse is everything that is being offered as if you've gotten to know the horse and you've gotten to ride the horse and you're like this is a horse I would be interested in purchasing then it is time to move forward and so one thing you can do is a pre-purchase exam a pre-purchase exam is basically where a vet comes out and looks over the horse and is able to give you the rundown about whether this horse is healthy will this horse be able to do what you want it to do whether you should buy this horse everything like that so some tips on this number one you find the vet to do the pre-purchase exam that's very important every vet is different and sellers have connections sometimes and things like that so you just want to make sure you have a bed that you trust to do the exam now I'm going to say something a little controversial here but I have never done a pre-purchase exam before purchasing a horse the reason for that is all my horses have been extremely cheap so Tucker here was six hundred and fifty dollars all of my horses none of them have been over fifteen hundred dollars and so in that instance and they were also like all unbroke and super young and so in that instance it just to me did not make sense to do a pre-purchase exam because it wasn't like I was buying something and being told that it was specifically trained to do this or something like that I think pre-purchase exams have been used to kind of scare people a little bit in terms of no horse is perfect so things are bound to come up on a pre-purchase exam and you just need to make a decision in advance about the maintenance you're willing to put into your horse another thing you can do once you have tried out the horse and been like okay this is the horse I want to go with is you can sometimes take the horse on trial and basically this is where you just kind of lease the horse for a set time usually like 30 days just to see if you and this horse will get along and you can take the horse to your stable and they can be in that environment and see if this is something you want now keep in mind as I mentioned with the pre-purchase exam sometimes this isn't always going to be an option like if you're buying something young and unbroke that's probably not an option for you but if you are buying something specific and that's trained and things like that then you should at least always ask for a trial I think that's definitely worth doing even if trial isn't an option just always ask so once you have purchased your horse and you bring them home I always tell people give your horse time to settle in if it's the horse's first time coming to your new home it may take them some time to adjust because they have a new herd now they're in a new environment they have a new work schedule and horses can be very sensitive to those changes and those stresses and so always give your horse time if you see behavioral shifts that is completely normal for bringing your new horse home and just let them relax don't expect too much out of them those first few weeks they're home and if this is your first horse just know that there are going to be some things you're just going to have to figure out as you go along like taking care of a horse there's a lot to it and so it can be a little overwhelming if it's your first time doing it but because of that I have made an online course that breaks down every aspect of horse care so that you can feel prepared when you finally get your horse and so I'll put the link to that course in the description it's at shop.equinhelper.com and it's the horse care keys to success course so you can check that out and if you enjoyed this video please be sure to give us a thumbs up and subscribe to our channel for more weekly horse videos oh my gosh oh my

  Top Comments:
  1. @rdhawke [4 likes]: I found my guy at an auction, I was by myself. If a horse person friend of mine would have been with me I would’ve never gotten him. Turns out we were soulmates. I had him for 24years.
  2. @christinewarren2922 [2 likes]: I had better luck buying from a dealer, because the first horse didn't work out and he let me trade it for a different one that is wonderful
  3. @quinnsfamily8840 [1 likes]: Love the way you treat Tucker! He is lovely!❤❤❤
  4. @ariannaalexander1370 [1 likes]: you're the best teacher thank you gurl!
  5. @nunofyourbizness5975 [1 likes]: Im thinking about an older tennessee walker mare 24yrs. I want an older horse for just calm pleasure riding. Im older too😊 she looks great in videos. Super chill. Im concerned her age maybe too old to ride though in the videos they just walk/ride her. The asking price is also 1800. Which seems a little high for her age? Thanks if you can help. Nice tips!!❤
  6. @elizabethnewell3133 [1 likes]: I used to ride a pony who you would swear was drugged when tied. She just stood there with her lip and head hanging while being groomed. But once the saddle went on her head went up and ears pricked because she was soooo excited to go!! So funny and cute!
  7. @bethmiller9645: Check the eyes for cloudiness,  and check the legs for signs of DSLD. Feel the back down the spine looking for signs of pain.
  8. @Phil-e2r: I suggest you LEASE the horse for 90 days before you buy...owning a horse is more expensive than you think...if U don't have a spare $1200 a month for stable fees, shoeing, etc....then U cannot afford to own
  9. @BraelynnLily31: What if they are a prospect for something? What would you do?
  10. @kasondraiversen5870: Hello thank you so much for this video is there anyway I can get into contact with you to be able to ask you some questions! Before purchasing a horse
  11. @DarkArwen929: The more i learn,  the it's likely i am to buy a horse from anyplace than a sales barn. I just feel like regular horse owners only sell their problem horses
  12. @befaffled1635: I wish you would have shown his foot as well as talk about it lol
  13. @bensanders7392: Like dogs and cats do some particular horses only like men or only like women walking up to them to pet them? If likes other gender of human then you are, then the horse will never quite like you, listen to you/ obey, or be nice to you. It might just walk away and not let you get near him or her.
  14. @bensanders7392: What kind of temperament is Tucker? Not knowing all that much about their behavior it seems to me he is very mild and well mannered.
  15. @varjo.: I’m very new to gouache but I got the basic 10 paints set of winsor & newton and it’s such an incredible joy to work with. It has been sitting on my shelf for over a year because I was always so scared of starting a new medium. But now that I’ve started I can’t stop. Because of the opaqueness I have zero fear of making mistakes because I can always just paint over them. I use them both with a lot of water as well as almost straight out of the tube and am able to create incredible images with absolutely stunning colours that just glow. So fun.
  16. @LionTeam1111: Tucker channeling his inner cat 😺 at the end. Lol. Love his personality. ❤😊
  17. @christopherstone76: Excellent video!
  18. @jameshassel5838: You should teach em how to sing.  Play the gatar for em.
  19. @jameshassel5838: Girl you got a horse that is worth way more than them high priced one's.
  20. @toogie6267: Both times I let a hirse go for trial they came back abused and one was starved. People just don't do that anymore

- Preparing for Horse Show - Barbara Williams: Kind: captions Language: en i'm bridget brandon here at tom mccatchen running horses and i'm with barbara williams she works for tom and is in charge of and has the responsibility of getting horses to the shows as well as all the equipment and i thought it'd be kind of interesting to talk to her about what all is involved with that and what she sees as the most important things getting the horses there safely i think the first thing coming from experience doing this many many years is you need a checklist and that will save you a lot of a lot of time a lot of headache and will keep you from forgetting things but my preparation starts well in advance perhaps two weeks in advance so i will go through the med box i will go through our supplies all our grooming all our show needs all our all our needs to get to the arena our show bags make sure that we have everything on hand and if we don't have it that way we're not scrambling at the last minute to get it so if you start several weeks in advance you're not scrambling at the last minute to get these items put together do you do you take your own feed and and hay with you or do you end up i know some places require that you buy their hay there are some care grounds no how do you get around that we try to always bring our own hay and grain and supplements every every horse here has its own supplements so we we plan out there again accordingly so that they get them nothing changes for the horse show the only thing that we we try to purchase at the horse show is bedding and from that standpoint we we try to take everything that they're used to at home with us so if somebody's going to take a horse themselves to their first show you recommend making sure that they're well prepared in advance start at least a week if not two weeks in advance making a list what they need themselves for the show what their horse needs for the show um what they're going to need for the show entries you know are they entered do they need a coggins to go across state lines do they need coggins for the show entry forms check the um credit card i absolutely you're always going to need checks there's always something that comes up so you you always need to be prepared and i can't emphasize that enough that preparedness i have to be organized and be on top of my game in order to to maintain my riding and make sure that we are prepared for this horse show i do recommend if you've just got one or two horses it's not as complicated but if you have a checklist and you just keep it always put it on your computer and you can print it out each time and that's what we do uh i've got maybe a six page checklist it's very very important to make sure you don't wait to the last minute i've seen experienced enough times where things were not checked uh tires so you're sitting around waiting for trucks to go have tires changed or fixed or they're low on air which you know trailers sit around they will get low on air and so those things should be checked prior to loading those horses to pull out your driveway you

- HOW TO PACK FOR HORSE SHOWS | CASPERCUP: Kind: captions Language: en hey guys so no but it is the night before my show it's around 7:40 p.m. so I'm just going through all my staff that I'm packing yeah this is just gonna be a video of like what I packed my horse shoes not this list that I found online I can put the link in the description I recommend that you get a checklist cuz I always feel like forgetting something say but you can have a checklist you can just like go through everything and make sure you have everything that's stressful basically I'm doing a schooling show and I'm using up a school horse so I won't stay I'm not bringing my own horse I won't need a lot of the trailering stuff that I what if I bring my own bar so I don't need to pay for it for the show but should bring a sheet with all the information of your times your classes everything you're doing is to just know what you're doing when you get there you can have like maps on the show grounds how to get there if you're coming from far away a rule but your wallet and ID that's the money hid ID and if you're trailing your horse you should bring you should use like a leather or breakaway halter in the trailer you're gonna bring some lead ropes and you bring buckets and some water and for yourself bring sunblock sunglasses for just when you're around so I'm gonna bring one I think one bag with all my stuff and inside that big bag I'm gonna have little bag with all my stuff like my clothes and everything so I've got my sunglasses here and you should bring a hat like a cap for you just sitting around watching other classes it can be funny you're gonna want some comfortable clothes so we're not showing you down to where you're like jacket and breeches I'm gonna be we're heading to the show so I don't have it right now by gonna wear to the show and oh you're gonna definitely want some snacks and drinks it's gonna be really tiring you're gonna get hungry and thirsty I'm gonna read some water and I'm still packing up all my snacks and they were probably gonna pack a lot more that tomorrow our first aid kit I've got this little mini first-aid kit frame bring your camera phone phones I shouldn't have anything I'm bringing them little movers I love to if you're just about to get into the show ring and you there's some lint or dust or something you can quickly just run over everything it's super easy so I got lint removers toiletries um I'm writing this little bag I've got a hair thingy a hair gum I got safety pins for your number if you need to pin it onto your coat for yourself head or anything gonna need safety pins or even some people expect sewing kit I have a lot of these like hand wipes because you know I have some extra hair net okay hand sanitizer some hair elastics and some napkins just good to have if you're gonna be when your groomer horse you're probably gonna get covered in dirt so you can wear a grooming implement or something else to cover your clothes you don't want to get dirty obviously I'm just gonna be wearing a sweater and some sweatpants on top of my show chair and breeches cuz I'm gonna be apron or anything like that I'm bringing some extra riding socks these are like show socks so they're normal socks on the bottom and then like to share on the top of our legs and I'm gonna be wearing a belt there but just in case I haven't make sure like it's not the right most extra black belt in case something happen next for your horse I'm not gonna be as much stuff I'm not gonna need as much stuff as I would if I bring my own work cuz I mean I'm gonna tack there but I'm still bringing some light and stuff because it looks better so you really need to saddle pads Hunter white white shaped saddle pad and it's just so it's just about this we see trim I'm also bringing your showing jumpers or anything but you can bring Hunter's breastplates martingales anything extra stirrup leathers are good to have um next a crop I'm just bringing this black jump crop um you're gonna be lunging for a lunge whip a lunge rope lunge lion so it's called yeah and then bring some treats for your horse they're really great at the show and then for obviously bring battle bridles everything I'm just not bring me that because I'm not using my own words but I am going to be bringing bucket some sponges and some tack cleaners and conditioners because I can quickly like me to look good right get on for grooming I'm bringing two totes I've got this one which is mostly my sprays and everything they're not actually brushes then I've got this other purple one which is all my brushes and everything no it's October and there probably aren't many flies out I'm raining flies right just in case I don't want my wife's to be irritated in the ring or bothered some buckets for like you know wipe down your horse I'm bringing detangler brush not the tail but if you're doing braids I when it's just using detangler because it'll be really slippery and hard to braid some brushes and curries I'm bringing I don't really watch it I'm bringing like a hard brush curries soft brushes just bring freeze brush anything that you Betty's fatal need basically coat polish I'm I have green spot remover because the most are writing up a sock and I can't be encouraged in time so I'm using that and hoping it works and I'm also bringing shoshain fur coat and you look shiny and for her sock I'm bringing baby powder versus any white markings and a pair of health does say I'll speak your horses white markings look whiter huh fake you're gonna need that Sheree near tote there's any whitening products you have sponges and rags you lean I'm bringing a body sponge and some cloths maybe and hook dressing or polish or something right there for beat shiny I'm just bringing hoof conditioner I know this will probably attract your face then yeah your grooming tote with everything inside you to bring your leather cleaners like I mentioned you can bring cordless clippers if you need emergency touch-ups that I'm not gonna be clipping that's not my horse some water and a spray bottle I was good to have just helps with braiding anything really braiding kit so I made my own a braiding kit I got some yarn and I cut it into a lot of around I think they're nine inch pieces just submitted to the things that the braid braid into the braid and then I got some elastics and here's another pack of elastics I've got black ones and some crochet hooks I've got one rug hook that I just got some over I'm in one rainbow in okay and the next I have some scissors cuz you'll always find yourself a situation where you need scissors it's good to have them and then for yourself read your show a parallel which is your show show your show jacket read hand reaches is urging hunters boot socks boots pulpit Britain's boot polish just in case you use and touch up like a cloth just to wipe your boots just from getting the ring your helmet first and then bring your hairnet and all our hair accessories to put anything so this is the halter and bringing its just the leather halter with a little fuzzy on the nose and here is my is my tack cleaning set I'm just gonna bring I have a bucket some boot polish some pasty a leather conditioner and some pasty a saddle soap and I've also got some like there's like polishing things for your boots cloth I have some tax sponges to sponge that I use for my leather wax [Music] [Applause] make sure you've got to buy them from my store everyday request on Instagram I've got my helmet and a helmet send you the helmets - Charles are in the share rate black and I found my show gloves they're just they're black yeah and if you're bringing your horn just don't forget your boards so yeah and I just gotta pack this all my cards right now I'm not rushing in the morning and I'll have more videos on this show so stay tuned bye

- Horse show checklist: Kind: captions Language: en okay so I'm bored and I decided to give you a hores show checklist some of the things you need is your paperwork your math of your shows your show info role book membership cards horse registration cogin other vet info their telephone numbers your test book with your Dr Rider checkbook wallet ID your you need your truck and trailer registration head bumper shipping boots and wraps if your horse you know act stupid um tail bandage D sheet leather or Breakaway halters either one or fine but I choose Breakaway lead ropes your ties your jack for your trailer tailbag or wrap spare tire just in case you get a flat I'm pretty sure you don't want be going down the road get a flight and be sitting there with horses for 4 hours your jack your manure Fork emergency phone for your truck breaks down um hold on a second plenty of water for you you're going to need sunblock sunglasses hat clothes food drinks folding chairs aspirin cuz you'll get headaches trust me Band-Aids your camera your lamp remover for your show clo cell phone toiletries safety pins and a sewing kits also probably a good thing to have for your horse you need your fits Bridle saddle pads Saddles G legwear marting gills if you use them your spare STS and leathers and your crop lung line whip if you lunge your horse hter and Lead line rest to bring two horse blanket buckets you need about two to three hey feed hey net inan first day quit treats and sty guard for graming you'll need fly spray bucket shampoo and conditioner detangler set sweat scraper brushes you know your hoof pick your coat polish bot remover sponges Rags hoof polish grooming tote leather cleaning Clippers water in a spray bottle I don't know why you need that but they say you do braiding kit because most big shows you had to braid your horse's mane or tail bands for braiding scissors show apparel would include your breachers or pants you need probably about two or three of them tall coat your show shirt your helmet your hair knet your pen and choker and your gloves and your belt and that about concludes this thing so see you

- Planning for a successful stand at a show or event for Equine Business: Kind: captions Language: en okay so you're ready to exhibit or have a stand at a show or event and you're like what now this is the episode for you and because I know that while you've invested and it'd be so great to just rock up and hope that you hit the ground running it's not actually a very good strategy that I'd recommend to my clients so we're going to make sure that you get everything that you need in place we're going to plan and so this is my Ultimate Guide to shows and events Forin businesses part two how to plan a perfect event so let's do it you're listening to the stable business podcast I'm your host Jenny Bush here to chat all things atoin business with a new episode every week from me or from the best in the be now don't forget to leave a review and of course hit the Subscribe button so you don't miss an episode when it drops so welcome to the stable business podcast I am so excited you are back so today we're talking all about shows and stands and how to plan for sales and leads and how to make sure that you set up your stand for Success so welcome to the stable business podcast if you are new here my name is Jenny Bush also known as the equine business assistant and I'm an online business coach and consultant here to help you to elevate your business to create that stable income to create that balance in your life as well but before we actually dive into today's episode do make sure you head to jennyb bush.com and book in your free consultation so we can get your business moving faster to the next level and all you have to do is say go to Jenny bush it is actually a coaching session so you can share your business goals and your steps and um walk away with some actionable strategies to grow your business right away so I hope to see you on there but also if you find Value in this podcast Please Subscribe and leave a review wherever you listen from because your feedback and support are incredibly helpful in helping me to fulfill my mission which is just to help as many business owners as I possibly can this year okay well that's enough of that that's enough of the intro let's get get on to today's topic so we're looking all about how to plan and prepare for a show if you're wondering how do I know if it's the right show go and go and have a look at for yesterday's podcast or the previous podcast to this one or go and have a look at my website um in the blog post I've got five and yesterday I was talking all about how to know if it's the right show for you um in the next podcast we're going to cover how to actually have a successful show stand I'm then going to talk about my Essential show trade checklist um essential trade show checklist oh my tongue is tied a little bit today and then what we're going to do after we finish the show to keep that flow going so if you've been in my world a little while you know one of the things that I'm key on and I'm big on when it comes to working my clients is I always try to get them to do what I go walk in the court and this is if you were going to do anything if you're going to go and do dress if you're going to go and do jumping it whatever it is you're going to do you need to actually know okay what do I want to have happen where do I need to go etc etc and we can do the same when it comes to like planning our show stand so get a Clear Vision okay what do you want from this how do you want people to feel when they see you what do you want it to happen how do you want to make it an event uh what do you want people to remember about you and just ask yourself of those questions because once you've got that from there we can build out a really successful strategy for your show so as I said yesterday's podcast like you need to understand like why are you going like first of all why do you want to do it is it to boost your business in terms of sales or are you going for brand recognition and leads so ask yourself how am I going to do that how am I going to make sure that I collect leads easily ideally digitally with um is a great way of doing it because that way you can get them to tick all the gdpr boxes and and do that but otherwise you could perhaps use cards giveaways Etc but how can you just just make sure that you don't actually miss any leads because if you're going there for leads and you're busy chassing to one person what can you do so some of the best examples that I've seen over the years have been like using the QR codes Flyers maybe little cards putting things in bags um anything that's going to help people to reach out after the event as well if you are creating forms or slips so if you are going okay well I'm going to have some postcards I used to do this um back in the day back in the day when I did used to do shows with my previous business um I used to have like little slips that they'd fill out but what you need to make sure if you're doing that um is you need to keep them safe because again they've got people's data on them and you do have a responsibility under the data protection act um to make sure that you are doing all you can so just check on that and also if you are asking questions or getting them to fill out slips keep it to ideally less than five questions because you want people to be able to answer it quickly you want to be able to write it down and pop it in a jar or whatever really really quickly um so be sure to do that and also say if you are getting them to write stuff down make sure that it's really really clear that you'll be contacting them and when you're going to be contact them and get that permission to actually contact them after the show so that you've got permission to Market to them and then I'm going to ask you like how are you going to make sure that on that if you're there for sales how are you going to make sure that you actually increase the value of of every sale so I want you to make sure that actually you're making as much money as possible they're expensive doing shows so could you entice a higher value order now if you haven't gone to my website and looked up the part one of this I actually did include a calculator on there that will help you to go okay this is my average sale this is what I gen generally get when people buy um if you're not sure of that go and calculate it and work it out and then you can you can work out how many sales you're likely to need in order to break even so how could you actually go right okay I need people to be spending like 50 quid 70 quid 100 pound like what can I do to actually entice a slightly higher value order every single time so perhaps you could think about doing a special offer of like a gift um so spend X today and you get this free perhaps you could do some bundles so like because you know that it's probably cheaper to actually put two things together and charge a bit more um yeah maybe you could try that maybe you could say okay if you spend so much at the show today we're going to give you10 pound off off website orders so that could work sort of as a double whammy because what I've spoken about before is we want to make sure that we're increasing the lifetime value of clients as well so get them onto the website what like could you do something that's going to get them to spend again with you you know increase your lifetime client value so important and I had this last year I bought as I was going around if you see my my uh video of the national equine show last year you see some of the people that I was um talking to and one of them was um Nick n from Nixie body and um I really thought those knickers were awesome and I love a good pair of knickers I mean we all need a good pair of nickers as ladies um so I bought a couple at the show well I've actually gone back and bought more because they were so good so yeah don't just think it's what you get now like is it is it worth getting that because you'll get more repeat business afterwards and say I did I have probably spent another1 pounds with so it does happen I'm proof of it I've done it um yes so maybe something there's a show special show specials see I'm getting so excited about it I can't even get my words out but show specials I think are really key I have nothing worse than going to a show and yeah you've got all the lovely things but I could just hop online later and get it might might even get it cheaper but why should they buy it now why should they buy it now why should they buy it from you now and there's nothing worse than going to show and you got and sometimes we do we all love we all love a good bargain or whatever um that we couldn't get anywhere else so can you can you do something that they can't get anywhere else you know it it will really enhance the the amount of sales that you do um sometimes um I've loved it when people have demonstrated the products like I've been at shows before and they I've had like hand massages and actually demonstrating products and we all know um how they love to clean your boots as well I I always buy those so I know that yeah these things work so maybe you could do a bundle so offering a complimenting product with every sale for an additional nominal amount so yeah so again go back to the boot people that I'm not going to name but I I've always f for this they'll always offer me the boot cleaner and the and the boot uh leather stuff and some sponges as for a deal so I get it it's just no brainer so with some thought you can actually increase the sales and get more sales after the event as well so plan that out plan that out the next thing I want you to think about planning is how are you going to actually leverage the heck out of this event like don't just thing it's just the event yeah actually you've got all the stuff that you can lead up to all the stuff afterwards can you create photo opportunities yeah photo opportunities for people to share and post but actually at the thing so maybe you can create like those Fun frames you know that have your details on them uh maybe you could just see with a nice backdrop and I noticed this actually at the London International hor show in 2023 um Fair fact and favor I think it was had a beautiful bench with a really nice background and all their bannered out and it looked amazing and so people were sitting there and having their pictures taken looked brilliant so could you do something like that and one of the things that I've done in the past and my daughter might probably kill me about this but um one year I was doing the local tendering show and um I was doing it charity and I made my daughter dress Dr up as a horse as to be the mascot and give out stickers you know it was just something really simple but she was quite happy at the time because she was younger she wouldn't do it now for me I don't suppose but but we were giving out like stickers to the kids and then we had coloring sheets that again had our details on them so the kids could actually color and take those away while they were there and while they were busy doing all the crafts I was I was busy chatting to the parents about what we did in the ethos and everything like that so it made it a bit more memorable it made it fun also I would let her have a little bit of one around the show because again it was promoting um things out and about and seeing one of the other things that I love seeing um people doing is when they give away bags and I know this is crazy but having those bags like having a bag with something and then they carry it around everybody thinking what you get that bag from where'd you get that bag from so so that could be another way of sort of getting more memories more people seeing it but also in order to leverage this event like can you find any hashtags any locations any collaborators that you could could actually do stuff with before and after the event to boost the reach and and you're going to want to make sure that you're building the Budz so making sure that you're set you're putting it out on social media that you're promoting that you're going to be there making sure that you're emailing your list and letting them know you're going to be there perhaps you could even book some um book and people to come and talk to you um at like the sand or something and and book that in because again we know one of the best ways to get more people to your stand is have people at your stand talking it really really does make a massive difference so yeah be putting out why they should visit you at the show what what offers you got tease them that there's a special there because you've got to leverage as much of this show afterwards and then ask yourself are there any PE opportunities um so sometimes there's some stuff that you can do with the organizers but maybe there's some stuff that you can do afterwards maybe there's some meetups um maybe there's some networking that you can do but you can always of really really Leverage The Event remember it's not just actually that specific event I've been to shows and made some amazing business friends um I've still got connections now from when I did wedding shows that were just yeah we we just GED and we've been a we were able to collaborate after and I was able to put business their way etc etc so think about it in that that terms as well there's a lot of Leverage that we can be doing so the next thing I want you to think about is like all your marketing materials because it's such a good idea to make sure that you've actually got things to give away um to the visitors so that could be Flyers business cards stickers goodie bags pens key Rings tote bags I'm trying to think all the things that I've had in the past and it does depend on your budget totally depends on your budget but say there's lots a roll of stickers probably would be less than a tener yeah that you could give out coloring sheets you could probably get a thousand of those printed quite easily and cheaply I wouldn't have thought that would have been a lot and if you've got kids stuff um fers yeah make sure that you've got some things that you can actually give away one of the things I used to remember from being a kid going to show those funny hats do you remember the hats used to be like card hats you put on I don't really advise those I think they're ridiculous and nobody's going to wear them all those you know the little um like the stickers with like the pom pom things but all those things do pay off and they make it fun and they give people a reason to come for you and you're handing them out and you just never know whose hands they end up in I think I've probably even got a few pens in my pot with names and things on that I have no idea where they came from but again it's still making sure that every time I use it that brand that business is in front of my my eyes um so think it thinking about those a little bit make sure that you order plenty um and and so with flyers and things to give out you know that you can use them after the show so actually sometimes it's worth the investment as well if you don't use the more there there's probably other events and things that you can be doing that um going around even at the event maybe leaving a few with some of your ideal collaborators would be a good good idea for you so the next thing I want you to think about in terms of your planning is like how are you going to follow up after the event and this is so so key and it's something that I don't see people doing very often or very effectively but if people have entered in a competition make sure you go back to every single person if you possibly can and let them know who the winner was because that way they also know that you did genuinely choose a winner and there I've done it so many times competitions I've heard nothing there's been no announcement no nothing um get them onto your social media so what could you do to to make them do that and you could say I mean even if you you don't intend to email say actually make sure you're following us because we'll announce the winner there and and so on so I can see you actually do do what you say you're going to do because sometimes I think some some businesses have just run these competitions on the stand as a way of getting people's details and then they've never really use the details but then they've never really drawn it either and I think that's that's totally wrong so make sure that you actually do have that in place and you could have even like an email written up in advance so that at the show you can just upload all the details and then get get it to send so you don't have to spend too much energy or time because I know at the end of the show you're going to be quite tired and there's going to be lots of things to do but do make sure say before make sure that you've got the consent to actually Le and make sure that that was part of the deal um in order to enter that they had to have that consent that you could actually message them and let them know that they've W um and I Do cover more of this in part five um which is all about after the show we're on part two now if anybody you just wondering where about some you're on part two so now we're on to my favorite favorite bit of shows I'm just going to take a sip of my coffee before it goes too cold from all my talking so my favorite thing about shows is stand design I absolutely love seeing all the different sorts of sound seeing what works seeing what doesn't and there are some key dos and some key Dev when it comes to just like Des designing your s um the first thing that I would always say is lead with your business name your brand name your branding and what you do it should be really clear it should be really clear it should say one who you are yes so the brand name needs to be clear and then it should be really clear what you do in a few succinct words you know people shouldn't have to ask what it is you're doing what it is they shouldn't have to work it out and you shouldn't use any terms that are overly generic and trying to be clever yeah this is not like oh I'm helping horses to live healthy holistic lives or I'm empowering Riders to be happy because what is that you know like that doesn't say what you do so be really really clear does it say what I do it doesn't need to be clever doesn't need to be fancy just need to say what I do so rather than saying yeah helping horses live healthy holistic lives it could be actually will I do herbal horse feed nutrition clear clear clear clear what I do um yes so rather than saying something like oh building horse dreams of the future you know okay what are You My Little Pony um it could be yeah we start atan career Journeys you know something that's just clearer or um empowering riders with knowledge is something that I get a lot and it's kind of like no well nobody really just wishy-washy it's too generic so yeah whereas actually you say professional online Rider training and education um makes it clearer it's online it's education it's training and you could be even more specific around your particular Niche but yeah it's I know it's tempting to look clever we want to make sure that we look all fancy and such but it doesn't benefit our businesses it doesn't and it's kind of like why I often say to people just just do things like blunt to the point sometimes because it it won't benefit your business so if in doubt with those statements or if you're not sure and it's got to be just a short paragraph it shouldn't be it should be just a sentence really you don't want a lot it's got to be really clear until the point Punchy Punchy Punchy so if you're in doubt head to the equ question business support network and post it I will answer um I'm sure there's plenty of other members that will go yeah it's clear what you do I I I get that um and you can Define it and they might even give you some ideas that's what this that's what the group is there for the equest business Port Network and it's a free group if you aren't in it you're welcome to join it's a free group um and of course don't forget to buy a badge and wear it to shows because that's why I do them so that you can actually go out and network I was just saying if I got one to hand but I don't but the idea is you can get the question business Port Network badge shove it on your bag strap shove it on your jacket or your coat or whatever and that way you can spot other members and you can also then start to chat about business and life and and everything and say we're in the same group isn't this awesome now the other thing I want to think about when it comes to getting your brand name out there yeah making sure that it's really clear is I see a lot lot of businesses putting it on the tablecloth right and this is a no for me no for me because um anybody that's walking even if like everything everybody's walking past it's going to block it anybody standing at the business is going to block it you're not going to see it so it's got to be above eye level ideally like above what people's heads are so they could just look up and see it um but they don't have to cook their neck it's not like miles up and but just enough to to go high above the crowd so they can see you if you were really busy and lots of things were there and of course A lot of the times the Exhibition Center will say oh but we include your name on the top don't rely on that right it's tiny it's bland it won't stand out from everybody else at the show so don't think oh they've got my name up there I don't need to bring anything my name on no it's you do you do you really really do um and again like be aware of like where you are positioned your location like can your business be seen from all directions can your name be seen from all directions do I have to stand face on and look at it in order to get it or can I I see it as I'm walking past it captures the side of my eye so make sure that you can do that because that will make such a massive difference that people can actually know who you are and you can do that with roller banners vinyl banners um light out banners I really really like the light out banners they're not out to everybody's budget but I really like them um you can get like sheets printed that you can hang up boards um done that actually made to fit the yeah depending on what you've got you have boards up high you could even do some like easel probably um and and there's lots of ways you can be inventive like if you are on budget there's lots of ways you can be inventive like and you'll be surprised if you ask for things what people might have like I have got a full PA system and light stands and all sorts of things from when I was gigging but they would be useful if I was doing a show I might go okay well how could I use my light stand and I could hang banners from it um I've also got banners that I when I used to gig I I had three banners all the same no actually I lied they weren't they were slightly different I've got one with my name up on the left side one with my name up on the right side and one with my name up across the top and so what I would do and then they were black with like gold Sparkles and then I'd put them in the background of me singing so anybody that took pictures anybody whatever they could see who I was clearly without me having to remind people or them having to ask people at the bar um it also had my website address on it so people could visit and it gave me a nice consistent backdrop and three banners will look really really good even if you've got a small space just so you know and actually they're not very expensive and I have ordered them from places like solo press for like yeah they're not they're really really affordable and you can get them done in 24 hours um if you are doing banners and I know it's really tempting like if you got that popup banner and you're like yeah I'm going to shove everything on it I'm G yeah can I say it's a banner it's not a brochure it's a banner it's not a brocher and I know it's so tempting to actually add all the details and everything you want to say to a banner but actually nobody's going to want to stand there and read it I was sorry to say nobody's going to want to stand there and read it and your message will be much clearer if you keep as much text as possible off the banners keep them yeah very to the point um simple um think of them more as the addess in the back of the stand because you can keep all the text and the info to your flyers and your brochures so that people can take them away you don't want them on the banners yeah it's not a museum and they're not going to stand there reading any information yeah so don't over do the graphics um don't overdo it with lots yeah too much or lots of photos too much information at once it's just impossible for anybody to get through so keep think okay this just needs to look classy it needs my business name nice and high it needs what I do um very clearly put yeah again not paragraphs and paragraphs maybe a push to the website and go and have a look at some of the banners that you think oh actually yeah that's that's really good and what I have included in the blog post is some links to some things of other shows so you kind have a look and um and just see how how it could be done and what you want from your business like what do you want it to look like and I like I like them when they actually get Bland and and then you've got that consistency um and you can dress it up with other things and you and again also things are changing if your business changes and they do they adapt they evolve if you've kept the banner quite plain it will it will last a lot longer in terms of reuse and repurposing now the next thing I want to talk about in terms of stand design is lighting and it's so tempting to just think well I'm Outdoors or yeah I don't need lighting but actually to make your booth Stand Out lighting is so important and poor lighting will just make your V your make it all just shrink to the background you won't see your stuff properly and what I find is in a lot of exhibition centers the lights just come straight down which means they light this top imagine they light your top of your head and they light your shoulders ERS they wouldn't like your face very well and it's the same with your business they're going to just like anything that's on the flat and not anything on the side so it is really important to think about it and a lot of um if you're going through like doing a show through an Exhibition Center a lot of the time they will have options for you in terms of lighting that you can hire and pay for but it doesn't again it doesn't have to be really super expensive to get some lighting that will work for you um and to make sure that you don't have those sort of dodgy dodgy Shadows of course if you're doing a show outside you're not in a tent or gazebo or Marquee or anything the lighting is going to be a little bit better but as soon as you get into gazebo it's not going to be great um so it can be harder but what I would suggest doing is maybe lighter colors yeah whites going to make sure that the light is reflected um I used to have like some little um reflective sort of mirror things and they would then push the light back up towards things and I'd put them down on the on the surface and they reflect stuff back um but it could be as simple as like getting some little LED LED lamps you can get LED lamps that you can clip onto things and they're battery powered so if you don't have electricity but they will help to just light up things they might light up your banner um you might get one those back click banners so I really really like them but they're they're quite expensive you're looking a couple hundred pounds um but you could just I I was thinking because again think outside the box a little bit um if you can make sure that it's safe but think outside the box and test a few things and one of the things I was thinking about was I used to be a musician so we used to have um our music stands and on those we'd have we'd have lights that come down maybe even some of those would work for you but have a have a look have a play and um and see what you can come up with and I know I had loads of little like clip on LED um lights I would just clip around and they just Dazzle onto some of my pieces and it can be as really simple simple as that um and LED lights are so easy to grabb hold of and especially battery powered ones now so we've got no excuses but if you are bringing electrical items to a show um You probably will need to have them if they're plugin ones you need to probably have them Pat tested and certified beforehand so make sure that you're aware of that and you ensure that you do make sure that you follow any health and safety risk assessments and everything is done in a way that you don't have trip hazards with wires and it's safe and secure and fire risk assessment this is is key because don't forget some lights get really hot so yeah you need to be aware of like the types of bulbs and things and make sure that you're not actually likly to set fire to everything and and so I know this because I've got a really old PA system and when I was gigging because we're talking like the end of the 90s I used to a lot gigging and I've got they're kind of like covered in this carpet and I actually set them up somewhere and they touched a light and it's all burned on the top of my PA system because of it so yeah just be aware that yeah lights can do that um and there's some some really good examples on YouTube as well that you can go and watch that will also help help you to see what I mean around that and how you can do do some good lighting and and things like that um so yeah Furnishing your stand is is point number three so how are you going to actually furnish it yeah to give it the feel that you want so you can hire stands and displays you can use folding tables but we also want to make sure that we're utilizing that height so that things are are evenly distributed and we've actually got things up and not all down because again if you've got everything down on a table and everybody stands there around you they're not going to see so can you have things up higher um one of the things that I used to take to shows which is I now I laugh a little bit but you know those um like they're wooden doors but they're kind of like slats like slots and I had two of them I haven't seen them for years but I'm sure you can get them like being cute but they're kind of like slatted doors and um I had two of them I hinged together so they kind of open and then I would have like the cards of my jewelry stuff would slot into them and they would hang and I could stand it up on a table and it would be get a really easy way it was cheap I painted it it looked great and again it was my brand colors it used to give that height um to help people to do that but um yeah when you think about Furnishing your stand also you got to think okay what about me what about me because you're going to be on your feet all day so do you need some chairs now I would Ado avoid and I know you're going to pain me for this but I would avoid having low chairs actually on the stand it's fine if you've got one and it's hidden around the back and you're hiding around the back or whatever but the reason I'd say don't unless you're planing to do like client consultations and bring them down with you to sit down and and have a conversation I would avoid sitting because when you're sitting low um you can't make eye contact with people and that's what's going to really help us like make eye contact say hello smile um and be approachable so if you take like higher stores or seats um that is far nicer for you and far nicer for them as well so it still gives you a chance to rest your feet but it just means actually I can I can meet people eye to eye and what I used to do when I used to do um shows is I had this iron in store and I used what I had around the house I was on a budget um so I had this ironing stall that you used to be able to like adjust the seat it what you couldn't sit on it because it was at an angle but you could perch and you could lean on it and it would also fold flat so I could easily slot it in my car with all the show stuff and the table and everything else and um and I'd use that throughout the day so yeah what have you already got that you could do so the next point about your stand design is we want to make sure that it's really clean and it's clear and it's uncluttered and I know it's so tempting to just go well I'm going to fill every single inch of everything because I've paid for this stand I'm going to have everything everywhere and to fill the wall space and to fill the floor but actually clutter the tracks from the key things so actually think about how a shopper experiences your stand where you need to have the things that are going to catch the eye and less is more if there's too much stuff they won't be they won't be drawn to the things that you want them to be drawn to and again your Bruth I know you you'd love it to be there but it's not your brochure it's not your website so it doesn't have to have everything on it because you can say head to the website we've got more of this we've got more of that you can take dat like people's details and you can get back to them about any stock if you don't have it available at the time um and actually you want to keep some stock back a little bit to replace and I've discovered and you can test this out it might not work for you but I discovered actually When there's less out you tend to sell it more because people think they're going to miss out they only got three or four of them there and whereas yeah if you've got 20 of 20 50 whatever out all of the same thing people are going to go oh well actually yeah they they there's load of them so they're not going to be so tempted to buy so maybe yeah use that to your advantage um and so I have posted there are some videos as well if you go and look at just go look at the shows you'll be surprised if you go to YouTube you'll find that there's videos of people walking around the shows that you that you're going to so go and learn from what's happened in the past and go how could I do that better how could I put my spin on it how can I make sure that my business gets the most out of this and also when it comes to sort of the Clutter um Point number five leads into that a little bit and it's all about like can people get round your stand easily like one of my betet hates and I had this a lot um at the London International horse are sorry it's me Tak another of my copy but one of my pet St hay is when somebody's stand is so full and cluttered and it's so tight as soon as I go into them and I might actually want what they've got but because as soon as I go into them it's so tight it's so cluttered and as soon as you got two or three people in there you can't move and I just want to get out and I feel that that's probably not the best look you're not going to sell all your stock anywhere at show so think about can people genuinely get around it and I know it's tempting because we they're they're expensive and you've had you can only afford the space that you've got but actually sometimes think what would be better like how much of this is actually going to sell don't be tempted to fill every single tiny bit of your sand make sure that it's able people are able to get in in and out of it make sure that it's open and it's not too tricky to navigate around because again if it's all too cluttered and it's all too close and it's not you can't get around it chance are people are going to bump into stuff anyway um and not you just can't see it and think about this yourself like has there been trade stands that you've visited in the past and ask yourself what did I like about that what ones didn't I like how can I make sure that and then that brings me on to tip number seven sorry six I'm going ahead myself tip number six and that is to actually set it all up beforehand not at the show don't wait till to the show like really spend a good day or two putting it all up uh working out where things work best yeah and yeah you can Mark out with some masking tape or whatever on the floor how big your your booth is so you can keep it in in the space but practice the setup of the show ahead of time because sometimes they don't give you very long to get it up and running yeah and you don't want to still be setting up once the doors are open and people are there so Mark out the space that you need and play around with the design also take some photos take photos to see how it looks like this how it looks like that and and then sit down and actually you go right how does this look but also maybe print out those photos it's another Pro tip print them out and put them in with your stand kit so that when you're setting up you don't have to find it on your phone you just like okay here's where I wanted everything here is how I planned it you can draw it out um in advance like so you've got visions of it but yeah you want to be making sure that you are doing the best that you can and that you are adding the texture you're adding the height you're keeping it clear you're keeping it uncluttered you're making sure that people can get around on it and then say if you want um any extra help on that if you've got your photos or whatever get some feedback use see question business support network again so another Shameless plug use it we've got members in there who are really experienced at doing shows and exhibiting and I'm sure they'll gladly give you some constructive feedback and support on it to help you to to do the best that you possibly can because that's what I'm all about that is the whole purpose of what I do and of course I've got a list of supplies of things that you'll need and I've got a checklist although I did think I left I might have ADD I might need to add on Cell tape and duct tape I think you just never know you always need duct tape don't we but yeah use that and then of course you're going to think about how you're going to engage with people so how are you going to make sure that you're engaging with people as they move around the show because say nothing will attract more people to your sand than people at your sand and if it seems busy if people are walking par and going oh there's lots of people over there they're going to come and be noisy about what's going on with you too and of course you can't control people's behavior and somebody sort of said how do I make people engage with me and it's like well you engage you don't make them it's like you can't control that you have to you have to take the first step so you have to work on what you can control but that's normally thinking about the experience at your stand so what why should they come why should they visit you what could you add in could you have a giveaway could you have a demonstration could you have testers could you have freebies could you have visitors come to your stand that are like insta famous or whatever um but what could you do maybe it's movement maybe you could have a TV screen with some video or projector um just anything that's going to help you to stand out will really really help people to be around that and of course when you're doing that you want to make sure that you're making that conversation and having chitchat with people as they're going like so you're asking um how you finding the show have you traveled far you know things that aren't yes or no questions really really key for that first interaction U because if you say can you help can I help you are you looking for anything or you just going to get it to know because people they don't know the they just NE knows you know they're not come in with anything in like in mind a lot of the time especially just shows so it could be oh what's the weather like outside or yeah how far have you come or how are you finding the show and so I've put some questions about this on the blog as well so you can go and use those um and write out your own and have those on hand so again you practice them in your head and so this why walking the course is really key so imagine yeah you're standing on your show imagine people walking past imagine you smiling and making eye contact and not sitting down at the back and practice in your head asking these questions because then when it actually comes to real life it's going to be so much easier because you're not gonna be like gosh got to speak to people I got look at people um so you can yeah ask some of those questions and that also then brings me on to who's on your sand to help you because you want to choose those people really really wisely they are your brand ambassadors at your show and they need to be able to do the job well and I know it sounds like really really stupid and dumb a little bit but can they actually say what you do are they keen on what you do and are they chatty enough and confident enough to actually go and tell other people and talk about what you do because if they're not if they're not that way in their person ality they're probably not going to sell your stuff for you very well and I'm sorry but it's just it's it is what it is you've got to make sure that you choose the right people um and then you can help them out with a little bit more so maybe write in advance some simple scripts that they can go away they can read them in advance they can learn what you want them to say they can practice things um they can yeah role playay with their Partners or their friends or whatever just to get things ready and yeah say go and practice it say it over and over again the more they say what you do the easier it will just come out because you can't afford on the day for shyness and stuttering when it really matters yeah you need people that are actually going to be able to have that genuine conversation but because they kind of already clued up they're already chatty they know what to say they've practiced what you do they've rolled it off their tongue and it's going to be be so so important and I remember going once I went I think it was at the suff show and I went to visit a very well-known brand big designer brand and um they just totally ignored me like the staff totally ignored me I wanted to try something on I was going to ask a question and I'm standing there and I'm standing there and I'm trying to catch their attention and I think they did clock me but they just totally ignored me and it's changed how I feel about that brand entirely and I know that isn't the business owner and I know the business owner would be mortified absolutely mortified but yeah it does matter it really does matter so perhaps even like one of the the pro tips I've got on this is if you've got friends or people that are coming to visit don't tell your staff that they're coming and just ask them can you pretend to be a client or customer and just like see how they go so that I can keep an eye and constructively make sure that we're going to get the right thing going yeah because it's it really really matters and of course then my final Point um is at this show to make sure that you are planning to look after you yeah this is so important this is a massive step there's so much to think about there's so much stress you've got to get there you got all the other stuff but you will get tired you you will need a break you'll need rest and you need to make sure that you look after yourself well at a show in order to make sure that you can keep going especially if it's a long show so yeah make sure that you've got times for those breaks because again sitting at the back eating when it's a busy periods may put people off I mean you might have a show where there's opportunities for you to take those breaks when people are out there watching things or whatever so that you can have that moment but if there not yeah be aware of that like what can I do to make sure that I can have that break um because you will need it and it also means making sure that you've got things for you as well to make it more like more comfortable for you so have you made sure that you've got some yeah you PL somewhere to stay to get good sleep so you're not too stressed have you got good food have you got water have you got comfortable shoes have you got mints and things to suck on maybe you need to get some of those um energy you know like those glucose tablets or something to keep in your pocket just to keep things going and I remember like there was one London International wh show while it was still at Olympia I mean we're going back a long time actually but I remember walking around the show and there was somebody sitting on their laptop at the back of their stand just working away and I just remember thinking okay I get the idea that you're trying to multitask and work but actually you're missing you're missing out you're missing the chance on having that conversation meeting people telling them about your business I can't always get that from walking past and if I'm getting the vibe that you don't want to be disturbed because you're working I'm not going to come in and look at what you do so think about that a little bit more and say I have put together an essential show checklist which I'm going to tell you a bit more about and this is a very long episode and I apologize this very long episode but I hope you've got some key nuggets from it I hope it's been useful But ultimately ask yourself here what's my objectives for this show what do I need to do to make it happen how do I need my energy to be how do I need my energy to come across what do I need to do to look after my myself in order to make that happen how do I need to behave or my staff need to behave while we're on the store how can I grow my business or event actually after the event and improve my chances of somebody actually following up and checking out my business even more when I get home and that way we're going to be able to plan for a really super successful show so I'm going to talk a bit more about how to have success on the show stand in the next episode but I hope you enjoyed this and I will see you soon

- Horse Business Audit Checklist You Can't Skip: Kind: captions Language: en If you're ending the year messy, tired, feeling a bit unsure about what's even worked in your business, this episode is for you because before you plan anything, there's one thing that everyone business owner should do and almost no one does. So, it's a proper end of the year audit. It's going to take us a couple of minutes. So, are you ready? Let's jump in. >> You're listening to the Equin business podcast. Practical business support for ecquin business [music] owners with Jenny Bush, the Ecquin business mentor. Let's get you feeling clear and calm and in control for the year ahead. Clarity starts with recognizing what did work. So, I want you to ask yourself one, what brought you joy? Two, what bought in money? Three, which clients were a dream to work with? Four, what posts or offers connected? Five, what gave you energy? Because these are your repeating behaviors that we want to take through for next year because success leaves clues. So, I want you to go away and I want you to follow them. Okay? We're going to look at now what didn't work. So, this is not from judgment. We're going to look for the information. So, I want you to now ask yourself one, what drained you? Two, what took too much time for too little return? Three, which offers didn't land? Four, where did communication get messy or or confused? Five, what would you not repeat? Because this isn't emotional data. It is data. And data gives you power and I really want you to take that forward into 2026. Okay, we're going to look at your wobbles now because this part is huge. Your business wobble points tell you exactly where your foundations are weak. So common wobble points, pricing boundaries, overworking, saying yes too often, forgiving, unclear messaging, inconsistent marketing, no weekly structure, being reactive instead of proactive. Do you know? And these aren't personality flaws. They're structural. They're structural gaps. They're showing you that you've got a foundation issue. So, I want you to see where were they. And then we're going to look at what you're really going to carry into 2026. Now, most people drag the chaos from the last year straight into January. So, you're not going to do it. Just don't. We're going to set the intention by saying, "Okay, what am I going to strengthen? What am I going to simplify? What will you let go of? What will you stop tolerating?" Ask yourself those questions. Now, to make this all a bit easier for you, if you want those questions that I have just gone through, I'm going to pop them all in the show notes so that you can save this episode, you can come back to it, and you can answer those questions specifically because your 2026 momentum starts here. It starts the moment that you decide that your foundations really matter in your business. And you are going to make sure your business is really built on them for next year. So, before you make any plans for 2026, I want you to go and take the business health check because this is going to give you such clarity. is going to show you where your strong foundations are in your business and where the wobbles are coming from. Because when we've got that, we can then really shore up those boundaries. It's going to take you about 2 minutes and it will give you total clarity on your next steps. So, go away, do that. Again, I'll pop the link into the show notes so you can grab them. And if you've got any questions, head over to Instagram and uh send me a message at the business mentor and I'll see you really, really soon. Can I should do?

  Top Comments:
  1. @EquineBusinessMentor: any questions - find me on instagram  https://www.instagram.com/theequinebusinessmentor/

- SHOEING A FRIESIAN HORSE! Farrier/Blacksmith - Satisfying: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] now ah no here nothing more why what no no yes e how e e i more and for me hello a

  Top Comments:
  1. @vijaypihal6814 [3 likes]: Awesome video
  2. @vijaypihal6814 [2 likes]: Nice tattoo 👌👍
  3. @dollyperry3020 [1 likes]: I'm in awe. When I was a girl we had a blacksmith on our farm for awhile. But I've never seen....Have forge. Will travel :) My compliments. You seem very professional.
  4. @carpathianken [1 likes]: Although my boss used to let me shoe his daughters ponies with factory made shoes, the first horse I ever shod with handmades was a Friesian horse at farrier college & (although I do try to do the best of my ability for all breeds of horses that I work on) I've always had a bias & soft spot for Friesians ever since.Thanks for posting your video's
  5. @mhaight: Like.
  6. @ЕленаШангараева-и5х: кросивая лошодь
  7. @ibumerysangpecintatruk7492: https://youtu.be/jksqetTOsFE

- Anatomy of the Hoof & Lower Limb Part 1: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] as a fer or a hoof care provider it's important to understand the anatomy and know the anatomy of the horse's body and lower limb it's important because we need to know the function of each tissue we're dealing with and be able to explain and understand when we're discussing issues with the veterinarian the horse owner or the horse's caregiver as a faer or a hoof care provider my responsibility is the insensitive tissues which would include the hoof wall the insensitive hoof wall the insensitive soul and the insensitive frog and every insensitive tissue has a sensitive tissue that nourishes that area we look at A sagittal section or that's a section split in half of the horse's lower limb we look at the the Frog we have the insensitive frog here we have the sensitive frog here that nourishes we have the sensitive soul and we have the lamon that nourishes the corner corium and the lamin that nourishes the hoof wall when we look at the base of the foot the solar or the distal aspect of the foot we have the hoof wall we have the white line the sole the bars of the foot the collateral sulcus of the Frog the central sulcus of the Frog right in the center here the point of the Frog when we look at areas of the foot we have buttress of heel we have heel the quarters and the toe when we open that foot up and look from inside the bones consist of the coffin bone or the distal fail Langs we have the navicular bone or the distal CMO bone the short past or the middle failing the long PN the proximal failing and the cannon bone the coffin joint which is just below the top of the hoof the P joint and the fetlock joint when we look closer at the tendons which transmit energy from the muscle to the Bone the main extensor tendon attaches proximately or at the top to the main extensor muscle travels down the front of the limb or the dorsal aspect and attaches proximately on the extensor process of the coffin bone the main extensor tendon the function is to extend the lower limb if we look at the Palmer aspect the Deep digital flexor tendon attaches proximately or at the top to the Deep digital flexor muscle the Deep digital flexor muscle provides the energy to flex the lower limb the Deep digital flexor tendon distally to the sem semi lunar crust of the coffin bone it rides over the distal symian bone or the navicular bone The Superficial flexor tendon attaches proximately to The Superficial flexor muscle bifurcates behind the PN allows the Deep digital flexor tendon to go through it and attaches dist to the bottom of the long past top of the short past and flexes the fetlock and Pastor joints the sodian ligaments sodian ligaments are Palmer to the fetlock join The Superficial Flex superficial sorian ligament attaches to the distal margin of the syst Moran bones and attaches to the second failing or the middle failings in the proximal border the middle says morian liament is shorter and attaches to the Palmer aspect of the long paston bone and the Deep sismo ligament goes between the sesm moids and holds them together the impar ligament of the navicular bone attaches to the distal border of the navicular bone and attaches into the semi lunar crest of the coffin bone navicular suspensory ligaments that suspend the navicular bone travel each side of the limb and attach to the short past and the long past on sides the suspensory ligament bifurcates the fat loock travels around each side of the fetlock and dorsally to the front of the long paston bone and short past bone and goes in with the the main extensor tendon and attaches to the extensor process of the coffin bone and the function of the suspensory ligament is to suspend The fetlock Joint The paston Joint this is the digital cushion and the digital cushion provides just that cushion between the environment M and the sensitive tissues of the foot including the ligaments tendons and bones of the foot here we have the Frog the so and the wall the thickness and the rate of the growth of the Soul wall and frog would depend on environmental issues nutrition genetics and possibly maturity of the Horse This Is A sagittal section and as we close that sagittal section we look from the outside you can see this bump here that would be your suspensory ligament as it Bates around the fetlock and attaches door ly or to the front on the long PN and short PN and if we look at this hoof head from the top we see the top of the short past here we see the Deep digital flexor tendon we see the collateral ligaments of the coffin joint and there are collateral ligaments on every joint joint in the lower limb collateral meaning both sides collateral ligaments of the coffin joint collateral ligaments of the pastan joint and collateral ligaments of the fetlock joint we also see the angular cartilage here the vascular channels of the Palmer digital artery and we're seeing the digital cushion here the coronary corium the per opic ring and the paric ring puts a coating on the outside of the hoof wall as a protectant we see the skin and then part of the coronary quarium if we travel further up the limb to the fetlock Joint we're seeing the top we're seeing the cannon bone here the main extensor tendon here the Deep digital flexor tendon the suspensory ligament The Superficial flexor tendon the tendon sheath and Vascular channels for the Palmer digital arteries collateral ligaments the ear got the bulbs of the heel fetlock Pastor area and hoof the extensor process of the coffin bone the Palmer process the tip of the coffin bone vascular channels within the coffin that Feed and Supply nourishment to the lamin the attachment of the main extensor tendon to the extensor process here again you can see clearly the impar ligament deep digital flexor tendon semi lunar crust of the coffin bone digital cushion and the Frog when we're talking about the aspects of the foot or the areas the front is dorsal the bottom is distal the back is Palmer we go to the top and that's proximal upward connection the proximal aspect of the foot distal aspect Palmer aspect and dorsal aspect

  Top Comments:
  1. @vetassistanthippie4876 [12 likes]: this is like ASMR
  2. @markbogue5831 [9 likes]: This video has helped me a great deal. Thank you
  3. @TightwadTodd [6 likes]: This is a video, that every Farrier, hoof trimmer and those aspiring to be, Absolutely, need to watch evaluate and memorize.
  4. @GunslingerLv [4 likes]: No one :
People in middle ages: lets nail pieces of iron to a horses leg
  5. @ItsPen11 [3 likes]: Nice vest fam
  6. @plantsdaft [2 likes]: Great video, you know your stuff!!
  7. @nelsonchege1446 [1 likes]: Very good video.
  8. @GusTheHorse: This is very educational. Thank you!
  9. @paulmajors9590: I greatly enjoyed the in-depth explanation.  Thank you. I'm wondering why the front of the hoof is called the "dorsal" portion when dorsal often refers to "back" in other uses.
  10. @VetSurgeonDrTunio-vs8te: Informative
  11. @daniel_moretti: Excellent!! Thank you so much!
  12. @01jzzy: Where can you purchase this model hoof?
  13. @StichtingPaardInNood-nl: Thank you
  14. @America-Cryo: Great video !!

- Therapeutic Hoof Cleaning: Ensuring Horse Health & Comfort: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Happy birthday. Oh, don't do that. Heat. Hey. Hey. Heat. Hey, heat. Hey, heat. I feel good. what I got here. Heat. Heat. Wax from your eyes. Quit dreaming. Now the sun is on the rise. By the end of the day, this dusty room will be a thousand miles away. Once heard it said in a song, escaped traveling on deep setting up and breaking down. If we leave here tonight, we'll be halfway to I'll take the start. just keeps driving on barely stand on two feet. Callous fingers tap my weak and shaky knees. At least I can rest my mind. Find some comfort in those yellow and white. They've been there all alone. Keeps driving. Tell me where is this place? Countless people but not one familiar face. I'm so bad I suppose starting over every time I change my clothes. Even here I'm on the go. Let's keep on. Let's keep on. Let's keep on. Here I am. Trusting your instincts. Realize that knowing looks different to each living authentic. Do more exploring deeper than knowing just what is essential for life that is thriving. Go deep. Mute out the other. Feel it. Burn off the fire. Let go until there's peace to your live a life you adore. Silence the noise away from the program. Removing performance to stop all that standing. Live free from worry. Sit back to see power and finding your wholeness. And now you have the charm. Feel it. Burn out the fire. Let go. And there's peace to your home. Live a life you adore. Live a life you adore. You have each other feeling burn off the fires until they speak to your live a life you adorn. I had Heat. [Applause] Heat. Awesome. Hello. Heat.

  Top Comments:
  1. @morterforkr [1 likes]: The leg of a dead cow........ why bother?
  2. @МечтаСбывается-р3п: Хорошо что это показывают уже не живое копыто, при такой гангрене животное или усыпляют или делают ампутацию
  3. @dev2Game: Literally fake and self created come on bro you think we slow.. dont even blame you cuz ik some will think its real
  4. @aggietiff: Horses don't have dew claws. 🙄
  5. @1lindaludu: How could ANYone allow this poor animals' hoof to get in such a disgusting condition??
  6. @David-g4y5u: How could anyone in their right mind would let one of  their animals get that infected and think alittle cotton and meds are going to cure it !!!  This is a serious infection that can kill … maybe that’s why the hoof hasn’t moved!!!
  7. @KikiSumarna-d9m: Penipu
  8. @anitaboyce5474: So FAKE
  9. @stevedexter-ns7qj: Anything for a click. Super sick!
  10. @theesbernlife5611: Animal screaming to lop the damn foot off alreaedy lmao, interesting and def oddly addicting.
  11. @odiliaveiga646: Como o you tube pode transmitir um vídeo desse é um absurdo qualquer pessoa inteligente sabe que isso é pata de animal morto
  12. @odiliaveiga646: É falso cadê o resto da perna do animal
  13. @ReggaePlusGospel: Isso deve tá um fedor do cão 🤮🤢
  14. @silviasilva5655: E um pé de vaca morta
  15. @dynoesaur: Suddenly my feet don't ache anymore
  16. @CORUJINHALITORAL: Posso imaginar a dor desse animal 😢
  17. @kittyvanwijk968: Ik kan mij niet voorstellen  dat dit echt is dit is dikke verwaarlozing daar kan dat beest toch niet mee leven zulke geestige ontstekingen dat gaat te koste van de hele gezondheid van het beest. Als dit echt moet je de baas aangeven voor diëten mishandeling. Vreselijk is dit ook.
  18. @IraborEmmanuel-l6d: Why is the animal not moving at all? Scam!!! These days we do anything for views
  19. @victoriamonterodelapena3347: Desde luego no tiene fin
  20. @sad.irin1105: Животное мёртвое?

- Farrier Hoof Trim, Tools & Process - FootPro Information Series: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] all right once I have that shoe off I can look down at the hoof head at the hairline and I'm going to evaluate how that hairline is and I can see on the outside toe quarter that there's a greater distance between the floor and the hairline I'm going to take that into consideration when I'm trimming the hoof again I'm also looking at the wear on the horse's shoe just where the wear patterns are I'm going to take that into consideration when I'm applying as new shoes and when I'm trimming the hoof I need some parameters to go by just how much I'm going to trim using my bloom for L hoof knives I'll start at the point of the Frog the hoof knife is held in my palm the blade towards me I'll use my thumb as a driver I'm keeping his leg in the natural range of motion I'm just going to trim at the point of the Frog until I have uniform tissue texture it gives me an indication about how much foot I have if I have to trim a long ways here it means that there's quite a bit of sole to be taken off I found this parameter rather quickly which means that this horse does not have a great deal ass so depth and therefore I should not be trimming a lot with the hoof knife because this is the only protection this horse has against the environment and using the knife I'm going to clean the exfoliating sole off and I work from the inside to the outside and this is a non-pigmented foot white so that we can see some bruising right in this area as an venting horse he he works in some pretty rough terrains all right I smooth that horses sole up I'm going to clean some of the dirt out in the bar area and around the Frog and trim with a loop knife I'll use a full circle Loop knife for working around the frog and the collateral sulcus we can see that there's some bruising back in the bars also trimming on each side of the frog and the collateral sulcus getting that dirt and debris out I'll trim the central Fus out just a little bit this will allow that foot to clean out and not pack with dirt and debris once that's done I'm going to make myself a trail around the boundary of the live so in the hoof wall and using Nippers which are the similar form to the pulloff but very sharp I can start at the heel and trim off excess hoof wo he hasn't got much hoof here so I'm going to switch and use the rasp this is a Bola razor rasp and it has a core side it has a fine side only Cuts going away from the handle we use the core side to do the rough work and then finished off with the smoother side of that file I'm letting that Ras Glide across that H I'll make a plain surface and take off excess growth I'll set the foot to the side and view down the Hof to see if I have a plain surface I'll make adjustments with the file at this time again checking it try to keep my thumb off of here and just let it drop in a natural range of motion so that I don't alter it with my thumb okay once I've filed that wall I'm going to remove a little more dirt here and I'm going to recess the sole just a little bit around where the shoe will be resting so that we have no shoe that rests on that Sole and I'm going to make sure that the distance between the outside of the live Sole and the outside of the wall is quite uniform all the way around and at this point I might take a measurement so that I have an idea of how wide the shoe should be so that I can save myself trips back and forth from the Anvil to the foot my goal is to have the heels back to a uniform distance to the widest point of the Frog and when I look at this hoof I I see all of this bruising could be an indication of Trauma from below stepping on a rock it could also be an indication of Trauma from inside pulling of the impire ligament of the navicular bone or deep digital flexor tendon because this horse has a stretched lamin in the toe and is somewhat broken back it tells me that there's a lot of stress on the Deep digital flexor tendon and or the impire ligament I'm going to pick up bro's foot and just eye down there I have this foot in the natural range of motion and we can see that he has a deviation here and another deviation down below what's important to me at this point is break over and because he has some deviations he's not breaking over at the point of the Frog but maybe breaking over more on the lateral toe quarter or outside side so it'll be in that direction so when I'm defining a shoe type that I want to put on I'll put on a shoe that is altered or manufactured so that he has break over at the point of which he breaks over I may also Define it by taking it closer to the ground in the natural range of motion and just making a parallel line with the ground which will help me Define that I'll also use the information that I got watching bro move down a flat surface to and incorporate that in defining the point of breakover okay big guy so when I'm trimming I'm again going to look for a parameter at the point of the Frog just a uniform tissue texture and there we have it we don't want to go below that depth where we have uniform tissue I'm just going to tidy up the bottom of this foot it's not excessively long want to leave that protection that's the only protection this big horse has against the environment the stones and the debris I'm going to clean up the collateral sulcus with the loop knife the central suus and then using the Nippers I'm going to trim off excess hoof wall he doesn't have a great deal of growth here he does have a little extra length on the medial toe quar we noted that when the hoof was in a static position on the ground I'll smooth that up using the rasp I also have a greater width or thickness of hoof wall on the inside toe quarter I'm going to adjust now and that width is measured from the outside of the live sole to the outside of the wall you see the distance there is compared to over here from the solar surface I'll even that up that doesn't mean if the quarter is all broken out I'm going to take everything else out to match it normal hoof wall is about 38 of an inch thick on most of our saddle horses we generally use shoes that are have a width of 3/4 in that's twice that 3/8 that leaves the nail holes in the middle of the stock check and see if I have it flat while I have it up here I'll size shoe again I have a wider width of web laterally on the outside a little narrower on the inside make sure these heels are back to a uniform distance all right horse does not have a lot of tissue to take off when I'm working on his limbs I'm trying to keep them in the natural range of motion so I've allowed it to drop back I keep my knees bent I'm underneath them I'm not twisting his Hawk cleaning out the collateral sulcus the central sulcus all right then using the hoof Nipper I'll trim some excess wall in the inside toe quarter he lands hard and wears hard on the outside of his hoof so he's going to have some extra length on the inside then using my rasp I'll flatten the solar surface of hood watching the heels I take them back to the widest point of that trimmed frog check to see that I'm making a flat surface make adjustments then I'm going to adjust to uniform wall thickness outside of the live sole to the outside of the wall you can see we have quite a bit more on this quarter natural he's flaring to that side because of his confirmation I'll adjust that from the solar surface and then I'll take it Forward put it on the hoof stand and blend down to that parameter that I set on the solar surface he's got a false quarter here an old quarter crack we want to be sure and not put too much pressure on there right we have the hoof trimmed and we'll go and work the shoes to shape them to the the horse's hoof

  Top Comments:
  1. @dshe8637 [12 likes]: I'm wondering where you get the invisible farrier stool from?
  2. @billbobaggins801 [6 likes]: Nice job and very slowly done for people to SEE what is going on.  Don't mind the KNOW IT ALLs and it's why they are watching your videos. 
So they can learn!!!!!!  How about a thank you for this guy in his nice boots and letting us watch his service.  Well done from another farrier!
  3. @TheTeapotte [5 likes]: This horse would be so lame without shoes with heels that low and soles that thin
  4. @davidsanchez8802 [2 likes]: Never shave the frog like he’s doing… that’s why you see this bruising!!
  5. @FlowingDepths [1 likes]: Sad that eventing horses often have issues like the bruising. Too many people only thinking about themselves and their career and not the horse's welfare. Nice job trimming.
  6. @carlosbraga6494 [1 likes]: 3:18 🤗
  7. @carolmcintosh5066: Has previous over trimming damaged his hooves? So  far, I've seen red or pink on two hooves.
  8. @JustinSharpe-z1j: The farrier is named because we are in the Sun which is a star ship Unicorn and it's farrier named  after fairies which Re penguins. I creaté the sun atR ship and the fact is its a unicorn. Genesis sans p is penguins and they are black and white. si too are pandas, oras, magpies and zebras. Ferrari is the farrier and the stallion and the Porsche is the mare and she is the VW beetle evolved. Farrier is also fire and air but it also atsns from ancient Egypt as we collided with Egypt or the ear eye and gate and tEger abs tugsr tyre and so it reads as pharoah as the f changes to the ph. dinosaurs
  9. @HorsesHorsesHorses: "Keep the horses leg in the natural range of motion". I wish our south african Farriers learned what that position is..
  10. @HorsesHorsesHorses: This was lovely to watch. Serious question. Why not trim the central sulcus more to a flat indented  shape.
  11. @JamieHumeCreative: He sure has long front toes for an event horse. That's gotta put extra strain on him.

Anyway, fascinating hearing you talk while working. Lovely work. Very impressive
  12. @thehappyhoof: So is this horse dead or just lame all the time YET?
  13. @thehappyhoof: Yeah you are causing that crack by over trimming the heels. I wonder if you always did this or if this is something you picked up from false barefoot trimming guru Robert Bowker or some of these others that say you must have frog contact to develop the digital cushion. A false doctrine that is killing horses all over t he world
  14. @originalgospelrecoveryproject: Really you are trimming those heels lower than the frog and pulling the whole back of the foot down to the ground.
  15. @thisirishcobcan: Bruising is from the overlaid bars bruising his soles.
  16. @Dboy-ui1fb: I heard for the horse it feels good like when guys scratch their balls.
  17. @changholly8805: what's meaning by breaking over? crack?
  18. @Wilshire-lb7ky: Left the embedded,laid-over bars that were causing bruising but dug out the protective sole at the tip of the frog. Hmmm.
  19. @melloyellogsxr: This video helped me a lot it was my first time trying to do this unfortunately I didn't have the tools that this guy has but I thought my powersander would have the same results in half the time.. I was wrong 😞 RIP KLIPKLOP 🐎
  20. @Mohammedali-qz5cl: U are a nice and expert farrier.  I feel the cavallo rubber boot is good for this particular hoof. Thnx

- Hoof Trim Process: Kind: captions Language: en in fact we start at the apex of the Frog they keep my knife stood up I don't want to lay it over and I take off as little as possible get rid of the ragged edges start up in the sole come up the bars I don't like to get real carried away with the bars come off the apex get my measurement see where I'm at it's about three and a three and a quarter three and five sixteenths you can see where we want a curfew heels down to you can see the heels are rolling over over there so we could take them down to that area you get solid come off the apex try to find the center of my foot using the foot probe nippers here see how thick the white line is and then how thick my toe wall is just go ahead and get rid of some of that that way I want to do it with the rasp start building uniform wall thickness around the inside edge of the white line I always like to recite start rounding my edges up shelving my Huff wall the rest away [Music] use the inside edge of my white line here as my base to build my hoof wall around

  Top Comments:
  1. @brentonkelly3780 [4 likes]: Wow, great video. You must be so strong to do this work. Helpful information, thanks
  2. @lynnesaro7772 [2 likes]: So fascinating.  Farrier must visualize how that particular horse uses that particular hoof.  Farrier and tools working in harmony.  Well done, sir.  Thank you.
  3. @user-ve7ji8zb8v [1 likes]: Heels seem high
  4. @심로라 [1 likes]: Forbidden Parmesan shavings
  5. @kleo_menes: How does the horse stay so calm? Do you feed him some tranquilizers?
  6. @MikeCerezo-vu5dx: Improvise something to protect your back and the hoof placement so not to bend over. It will be more efficient. The process is cringing watching
  7. @RaniTanny: As a farrier do yiu Ever cut into or byond  the unpigmented wall   on a forward run hoof?
  8. @michaelmorphew9510: Why didn't you start at how you got ahold of that hoof without the horse moving? Feel like i missed some steps and went straight to scraping without even knowing what I'm scraping.
  9. @jodyr3174: That was a great video! Thank you!!
  10. @hagangibson1756: Just want you to know the good news of the Gospel.

The bad news is that you and I (everyone) are sinners. And since God is Holy He doesn’t put up with sin. So sin leads to hell. 

The good news is God sent His Son, Jesus Christ, to die for our sins on the cross. This means Jesus paid the debt we owed but couldn’t pay. “For He made Him who knew no sin to be sin for us, that we might become the righteousness of God in Him.”
‭‭(2 Corinthians‬ ‭5‬:‭21‬ ‭NKJV‬‬). So if one repents and places faith (trust) in Jesus Christ they can be assured of heaven. 

I love you and so does God.
  11. @JamesSlaughter-g9c: So that's a great looking foot and all, but my question is more about your overall back health...I trim 15 to 20 a day and my back is fine because I don't trap on a leg...no disrespect, but how many can you do before you have a bit of a twinge...
  12. @joel4535: One of the points to ponder is sharpening the tools. We watch how to trim but if tools are not super sharp it is way too much work & nearly impossible.
  13. @meganpahl2160: How can you encourage heels to go into place while encouraging the bars to grow straight? I have a horse who's bars are growing out and forward. She is getting flares faster than the farrier comes.
  14. @michelestarlng5082: What size footpro nippers are you using?
  15. @ShanYounas-rj7sl: I am master this work
  16. @ShanYounas-rj7sl: Ma yeh kam kar sakta hu kia mjhy kam mil sakta hy
  17. @AkshayKumar-rz1uc: Unbelievable Without a Single Drop  of 💕Blood  😂 This man Uses an Wooden 😂 Stick 😂 For ❤ Nose ❤ Piercing a ❤ Calf 👌
https://youtu.be/SKJhUAjuEy4
  18. @willad1872: you're going to cut yourself.
  19. @koluciaa: bad trim, poor horse
  20. @Helloskyyt321: How do you know how far to trim them down?